--- Page 1 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
1 
 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
LEASYS S.P.A.  
(incorporated as a società per azioni under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
€8,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under this €8,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Leasys Italia S.p.A. or 
briefly Leasys S.p.A. (the Issuer or Leasys and, together with its subsidiaries, the Group) may from time to 
time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
(as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme 
will not exceed €8,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein.  
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the 
Programme” and any additional dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each 
a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  
References in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue 
of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe 
such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these 
risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (Central Bank), 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation).  The 
Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market) of The Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) 
or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II) and/or which are to be 
offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (EEA). 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on its official list (the Official List) and admitted to 
trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being listed 
(and all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes 
have been admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. Euronext 
Dublin’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.

--- Page 2 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
2 
 
 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from 
its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price 
of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be 
delivered to the Central Bank and, where listed, Euronext Dublin.  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Euronext Dublin will also be published on the 
website of the Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The Issuer 
may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or 
for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
The Issuer has been rated A- with a stable outlook by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch).  The Programme 
has been rated A- by Fitch. Fitch is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, Fitch is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation. Fitch is not established in the United Kingdom and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation). Accordingly the Issuer and Programme rating(s) issued by Fitch have 
been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. 
Fitch Ratings Ltd is established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  Where a Tranche or Series of Notes is rated, such 
rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned 
to the Programme by Fitch. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Tranche or 
Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under 
the CRA Regulation, and included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website 
(at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation, or by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to a variable rate for the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) and sterling overnight index average rate (SONIA) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (as 
administrator of EURIBOR) is included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). As at the date of this Base Prospectus,

--- Page 3 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
3 
 
 
the Bank of England (as administrator of SONIA) is not included in ESMA's register of administrators under 
Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA does not fall within the 
scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
Arranger and Dealer 
Crédit Agricole CIB  
The date of this Base Prospectus is 23 September 2024.

--- Page 4 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
4 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 and UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA). 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the 
Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).  This Base Prospectus shall 
be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
Central Bank. 
Save for the Issuer, no party (including the Dealers) has independently verified the information 
contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made 
and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by 
the Issuer in connection with the Programme. None of the Dealers accept any liability in relation to the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer and its Group (as defined in the “Risk Factors” section).  Neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of 
any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any 
person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The 
Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the 
life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information 
coming to their attention.

--- Page 5 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
5 
 
 
Notes issued as Green Bonds – None of the Arranger, Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates accepts 
any responsibility for any environmental assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or makes any 
representation or warranty or gives any assurance as to whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations 
or requirements regarding such "green" or similar labels. None of the Arranger, Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the Eligible Green 
Projects (as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus), any verification of whether the 
Eligible Green Projects meet any eligibility criteria set out in the Green Bond Framework (as defined in the 
"Use of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus) nor are they responsible for the use of proceeds (or amounts 
equal thereto) for any Notes issued as Green Bonds nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds or 
the allocation of the proceeds to particular Eligible Green Projects. The Green Bond Framework, the Second 
Party Opinion (as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus) and any public reporting 
by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of proceeds will be available on the Issuer’s website 
at https://corporate.leasys.com/english/investor-relations but, for the avoidance of doubt, will not be 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. None of the Arranger, Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates make any representation as to the suitability or content of such materials.  
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 6 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
6 
 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (as amended, the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into 
consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.  
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, 
all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers 
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly 
or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come 
must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Italy, France and Belgium), 
the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Japan and Singapore, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA 
(each, an EU Member State) or the UK will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the UK Prospectus Regulation or the FSMA, as applicable, from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in an EU 
Member State or the UK of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus 
as completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so in circumstances in which 
no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to the Prospectus Regulation, the FSMA and/or the UK Prospectus Regulation (as applicable), in each case, in

--- Page 7 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
7 
 
 
relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor does it authorise, the making of 
any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or 
supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer has been 
derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended, 
respectively, 31 December 2022 (the 2022 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements) and 31 December 
2023 (the 2023 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements) and the unaudited condensed consolidated 
interim financial report of the Issuer for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (the 2024 Half-Year Consolidated 
Financial Statements and together with the 2022 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and the 2023 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements, the Financial Statements), which are incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” section). 
The Issuer's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year 
are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year.  The 2022 Audited Consolidated Financial 
Statements and 2023 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements were prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (IFRS). The 2024 Half-Year 
Consolidated Financial Statements were prepared in accordance with IFRS standard IAS 34 – Interim 
Financial Reporting, which governs the minimum content, preparation and measurement principles of an 
interim financial report. 
Alternative Performance Measures  
The Issuer uses certain key economic, financial and other indicators in evaluating the performance of the Group 
(Alternative Performance Measures or APMs), in particular: Earning Assets End of Period, Average 
Earning Assets End of Period, Cost of Risk (Credit Losses), Cost of Risk (Credit Losses) to Average Earning 
Assets End of Period, Gross Operating Margin to Average Earning Assets End of Period, Operating Profit to 
Average Earning Assets End of Period, Operating Profit to Average Earning Assets End of Period (excluding 
Non Recurring Income/(Expenses)) and Total Operating Expenses to Average Earning Assets End of Period. 
We define the individual Alternative Performance Measures used in this Base Prospectus as follows: 
Average Earning Assets End of Period is calculated as the Earning Assets End of Period at the end of the 
relevant year plus Earning Assets End of Period at the beginning of the relevant year, divided by two, 
calculated as per the table below, where Earning Assets End of Period is calculated as the sum of “Vehicles” 
and “Receivables from customers” (as derived from the consolidated balance sheet) at the end of the relevant 
period. It gives an indication of the average Earning Assets on book for any given period. 
€ thousands 
At 31 December 2022 
At 31 December 2023 At 30 June 2024 
Vehicles (a) 
4,859,709 
6,748,326 
7,861,075 
Receivables from customers (b) 816,995 
713,775 
745,695 
Earning Assets (c) = (a+b) 
5,676,704 
7,462,101  
8,606,770 
Average Earning Assets End of 
Period (d) = (c1+ c2)/2 
5,319,835 
6,569,402  
7,309,042(*) 
(*) Calculated as the average of earning assets at 30 June 2023 and 30 June 2024.

--- Page 8 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
8 
 
 
Cost of Risk (Credit Losses) to Average Earning Assets End of Period is the ratio of Cost of Risk (Credit 
Losses) to Average Earning Assets End of Period, calculated as per the table below, where Cost of Risk (Credit 
Losses) is calculated as the credit losses recognized in the consolidated income statement during the period. 
This ratio highlights the capability of the Group to enlarge the business while keeping risk ratios stable.

--- Page 9 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
9 
 
 
€ thousands 
At or for the year ended 
31 December 2022 
At or for the year 
ended 31 December 
2023 
At or for the twelve 
months ended 30 June 
2024 
Cost of Risk (Credit 
Losses) 
18,285 
20,525 
25,827 
Average 
Earning 
Assets End of Period 
5,319,835 
6,569,402 
7,309,042 
Cost of Risk (Credit 
Losses) to Average 
Earning Assets End 
of Period 
0.34% 
0.31% 
0.35% 
Gross Operating Margin to Average Earning Assets End of Period is the ratio of Gross Operating Margin to 
Average Earning Assets End of Period, calculated as per the table below. This ratio measures the capability of 
the Group of achieving profitability objectives with volumes targets in business operations. 
€ thousands 
At or for the year ended 
31 December 2022 
At or for the year 
ended 31 December 
2023 
At or for the twelve 
months ended 30 June 
2024 
Gross Operating Margin 
313,791 
346,952 
371,934 
Average Earning Assets End 
of Period 
5,319,835 
6,569,402 
7,309,042 
Gross Operating Margin to 
Average Earning Assets End 
of Period End 
5.90% 
5.28% 
5.09% 
Operating Profit to Average Earning Assets End of Period is the ratio of Operating Profit to Average Earning 
Assets End of Period, calculated as per the table below. This ratio measures the capability of the Group of 
generating increasing returns for shareholders.

--- Page 10 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
10 
 
 
€ thousands 
At or for the year ended 
31 December 2022 
At or for the year 
ended 31 December 
2023 
At or for the twelve
months ended 30 June
2024 
Operating Profit 
Non 
recurring 
income/ 
(expenses) 
204,261 
(34) 
170,946 
(30,082) 
180,759 
(4,594) 
Average Earning Assets End 
of Period 
5,319,835 
6,569,402 
7,309,042 
Operating Profit to Average 
Earning Assets End of Period 3.84% 
2.60% 
2.47% 
Operating Profit to Average 
Earning Assets End of Period 
(excluding. Non recurring 
income/(expenses) 
3.84% 
3.06% 
2.54% 
Total Operating Expenses to Average Earning Assets End of Period is the ratio of Total Operating Expenses 
to Average Earning Assets End of Period, calculated as per the table below. This ratio measures the capability 
of the Group to generate new business while keeping its expenses basis under control. 
€ thousands 
At or for the year ended 
31 December 2022 
At or for the year 
ended 31 December 
2023 
At or for the twelve
months ended 30 June
2024 
Total Operating Expenses 
91,211 
125,399 
160,754 
Average Earning Assets End 
of Period 
5,319,835 
6,569,402 
7,309,042 
Total Operating Expenses to 
Average Earning Assets End 
of Period 
1.71% 
1.91% 
2.20%  
The Issuer believes that the Alternative Performance Measures are useful in evaluating its financial position, 
financial performance and/or cash flows, and considers several of these measures to be key performance 
indicators for the industry in which the Issuer operates. The Alternative Performance Measures are not 
recognised as measures under IFRS and, although derived from the information contained in the Issuer's 
Financial Statements, are not audited. Investors should not place any undue reliance on the Alternative 
Performance Measures and should not consider these measures as alternatives to indicators of financial 
position, financial performance or cash flows determined in accordance with IFRS or any other generally 
accepted accounting principles. The Alternative Performance Measures do not necessarily indicate whether 
cash flows will be sufficient or available for the Issuer's cash requirements (including debt service), and they 
may not necessarily develop in line with the Issuer's operating results. The Alternative Performance Measures 
are calculated exclusively from the Issuer’s historical data and are not meant to be indicative of future results. 
The Alternative Performance Measures should be read in conjunction with Leasys’ financial information from 
the Financial Statements. Because not all companies calculate these Alternative Performance Measures in the

--- Page 11 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
11 
 
 
same way, the Issuer’s presentation of the Alternative Performance Measures is not necessarily comparable 
with similarly-titled measures used by other companies. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below:  
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
• 
U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars;  
• 
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling; and 
• 
Euro, euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
References to a billion are to a thousand million. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets;  
(v) 
consider all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest 
payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different 
from the potential investor’s currency; and

--- Page 12 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
12 
 
 
(vi) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward looking statements.  Forward looking 
statements include statements concerning the Issuer's plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future operations and 
performance and the assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements.  When used in this Base 
Prospectus, the words “anticipates”, “estimates”, “expects”, “believes”, “intends”, “plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, 
“may”, “will”, “should” and any similar expressions generally identify forward looking statements.  These 
forward looking statements are contained in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Description of the 
Issuer” and other sections of this Base Prospectus.  The Issuer has based these forward looking statements on 
the current view of its management with respect to future events and financial performance.  Although the 
Issuer believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward looking statements are 
reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, 
including those identified below or which the Issuer has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any 
of the Issuer's underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the Issuer's actual results of 
operation may vary from those expected, estimated or predicted. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
• 
the Issuer's ability to achieve and manage the growth of its business; 
• 
the performance of the markets in Italy and the wider region in which the Issuer operates; 
• 
the Issuer's ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future projects and investments 
it is undertaking or plans to or may undertake; 
• 
the Issuer's ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its existing and 
future investments and projects; and 
• 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which the Issuer and its 
customers operate. 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer expressly 
disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or 
revisions to any forward looking statements contained in it to reflect any change in expectations or any change 
in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such forward looking statement is based.

--- Page 13 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
13 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 14 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
14 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ............................................................................................................................ 15 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 20 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 40 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 43 
Applicable Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 45 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 60 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................ 94 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................... 96 
Selected Financial Information ....................................................................................................................... 108 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 115 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 126 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 132

--- Page 15 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
15 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be 
issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of 
listed Notes, and if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, will be 
published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
 
Issuer: 
Leasys S.p.A.  
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
5493009CCXH3RNCA7U43 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of a 
particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme.  All of 
these are set out under “Risk Factors”. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Dealers: 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued to a 
limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of 
at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 16 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
16 
 
 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A, London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €8,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time.  The Issuer may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, notes 
may be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars and any other 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par and will 
be indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of 
the Notes”. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, each as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the 
basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both.

--- Page 17 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
17 
 
 
Benchmark discontinuation: 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference 
to interest rates and indices which are deemed to be 
"benchmarks", for the purpose of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
In this case, notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 4.2 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes), if a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall 
use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
4.3(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 4.3(c) 
(Adjustment Spread)) and whether any Benchmark Amendments 
(in accordance with Condition 4.3(d) (Benchmark Amendments)) 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (all as defined 
in the Conditions). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than  for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that 
such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer as 
described in Condition 6.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Call)) and 6.4 (Clean-up redemption at the option of the 
Issuer) and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and 
on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.   
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year” 
above. 
Change of Control Put: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that, upon the 
occurrence of a Put Event (as described below), Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Noteholders upon giving notice to 
the Issuer on a date or dates specified prior to their stated maturity 
and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
A Put Event will be deemed to have occurred if, in respect of any 
Notes, during the period from the Issue Date to the Maturity Date, 
there occurs a Change of Control (as described below) and, during 
the period ending on the 30th day after the public announcement 
of the Change of Control having occurred, either (as further 
described in Condition 6.5) (A) a Rating Downgrade resulting

--- Page 18 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
18 
 
 
from that Change of Control occurs or (B) a Negative Rating 
Event resulting from that Change of Control occurs. 
A Change of Control will be deemed to have occurred if Crédit 
Agricole (meaning Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance S.A. and 
its subsidiaries from time to time and their successors or assigns) 
ceases at any time to be the beneficial owner, directly or 
indirectly, of at least 50 per cent. of the issued voting share capital 
of Leasys. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency, see “Certain Restrictions - Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year” above, and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of any Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer 
shall be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature (Taxes) imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of the Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 7 (Taxation), unless the withholding or deduction of 
the Taxes is required by law.  In that event, the Issuer will pay 
such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the Noteholders and Couponholders after the 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts 
which would have been receivable in respect of any Notes or, as 
the case may be, Coupons in the absence of the withholding or 
deduction; except as specified in Condition 7 (Taxation). 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 9 (Events of Default). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes and the Coupons will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 
(Negative Pledge) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (subject 
as provided above) will rank pari passu, without any preference 
among themselves, with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, but, 
in the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by 
applicable laws relating to creditors' rights. 
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated A- by Fitch. Tranches or Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in 
the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same

--- Page 19 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
19 
 
 
as the rating assigned to the Programme. Whether or not each 
credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Tranche or Series 
of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation or by 
a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Approval and Listing: 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank, as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central 
Bank has only approved the Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of 
the Notes that is the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Notes. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for 
the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 
months from the date hereof to be listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series.  Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may 
also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. Condition 14 
(Meetings of Noteholders and Modification) and the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement concerning the meeting of relevant 
Noteholders 
and the appointment 
of 
a 
Noteholders’ 
representative are subject to compliance with the laws of the 
Republic of Italy. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including Italy, France and 
Belgium), the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Japan and 
Singapore and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”). 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 20 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
20 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due under the Notes.  It is not possible 
to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be 
aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become 
material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control.  The Issuer has identified in this 
Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make 
payments due under the Notes.   
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, 
including any document incorporated by reference hereto, and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
1. 
Risks related to the Group’s business activity  
The Group may be unable to sell its used vehicles at desirable prices, and faces risks related to the residual 
value of its leased vehicles.  
Leasys is the holding company of the Group. As a specialist in vehicle rental, the majority of the Group’s 
revenues stem from its rental activities with a margin from leases that represents 58.5 per cent. of the Group’s 
gross operating margin for the six months ended 30 June 2024. 
For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s margin on services (which includes various types of 
services provided to customers under the Group’s rental agreements) represented 23.9 per cent. of the Group’s 
gross operating margin. 
The Group’s earnings or results of operations may be affected by residual value risk, which is the risk that the 
estimated residual value in rental and lease contracts (to the extent such risk is not contractually borne by third 
parties) will not be recoverable at the end of the relevant contractual terms. Residual value represents an 
estimate of the end of term market value of the asset. When the market value of a vehicle at contract maturity 
is less than its contractual residual value, there is a greater risk of loss for the Group at the end of the lease 
term depending on the remarketing performance. In particular, the Group is exposed to potential loss in a 
financial year from (i) resale of vehicles whose market value is lower than their book value at the end of the 
rental and (ii) additional impairment during the lease period if residual value drops below contractual residual 
value.  
The proceeds from the sale of a used vehicle and the risk of such proceeds being less than the book value of 
such vehicle as at the contractual end date may depend on a number of factors, which may be outside the 
Group’s control, for example, macroeconomic conditions, the economic consequences of the Russia-Ukraine 
conflict, the conflict in the Middle East, pressure on the global supply chain due to geopolitical tensions in the 
Red Sea, rising cost of fuel, cost of living crisis, inflationary pressures, government policies, tax and 
environmental regulations, emission values, technological advancements or the ban of existing technologies 
by officials, fuel prices, new vehicle prices, new vehicle sales, new vehicle brand images or marketing 
programmes and the actual or perceived quality, safety or reliability of vehicles, which may all lead to changes 
in customer behaviour and a drop in the prices of used vehicles which could, in turn, have a material impact 
on the residual value of used vehicles. As a consequence of decreasing residual values, the Group may be

--- Page 21 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
21 
 
 
required to post higher loss allowances, which could have a material adverse impact on its earnings. The Group 
has implemented guidelines for the monitoring of residual values of leased vehicles on a quarterly basis, which 
among other things compare them against external benchmark estimates and proprietary data on the sales of 
used vehicles. There can however be no assurance that such guidelines and measures will be sufficient to 
reduce any Group losses deriving from a decrease in residual value of leased vehicles. 
The Covid-19 pandemic caused macro-economic downturns in some sectors (including the automotive sector). 
Although in May 2023 the World Health Organization officially declared the end of the Covid-19 emergency, 
the Covid-19 pandemic remains an element of uncertainty and, due also to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, the 
conflict in the Middle East, pressure on the global supply chain due to geopolitical tensions in the Red Sea, 
rising cost of fuel, cost of living crisis and other factors, several countries have gone into recession. As such, 
the demand for used vehicles has declined and may continue to decline, leading to a lower resale value of 
vehicles. See further “The Group’s income and revenue may be affected by a variety of factors over which it 
has no control” and “Inflationary pressures may have an adverse effect on our business” below. 
Any of the factors above may reduce the Group’s proceeds from sales of its leased vehicles and, in turn, could 
force the Group to concurrently reduce the estimated residual values of the leased vehicles in its fleet, thus 
causing a loss from increased depreciation expenses or a loss on the sale of the vehicle on lease termination. 
A decrease in the residual value of the Group’s leased vehicles could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial position, and results of operations. 
The Group's income and revenue may be affected by adverse developments in the automotive industry.  
General developments in the automotive industry may have an impact on the Group’s business and financial 
results, due to their effects on the terms and conditions (including price levels) for purchasing, servicing and 
eventually reselling vehicles, which in turn could impact the demand for, and pricing of, the Group’s services. 
These could influence both the purchase prices of vehicles and the resale prices of used vehicles.  
The Group is also impacted by developments in automotive trends and technology changes, which are subject 
to a variety of factors that it cannot control. These include, for example, the evolution of oil prices and 
renewable energy prices and infrastructure, the expansion of public transport infrastructure, availability of 
popular electric vehicle models, new technologies such as autonomous driving software, urban policies 
adversely affecting personal car use, changes in government policies affecting diesel vehicles in markets in 
which the Group operates, the imposition of carbon taxes and other regulatory measures to address climate 
change, pollution or other negative impacts of mass transport, and the development of alternative 
transportation means in cities (bikes, scooters, etc.). Negative developments of these factors may affect the use 
of vehicles in general and therefore the business of the Group.  
In particular, the Group is subject to risks related to the growing concern around climate change and pollution 
levels, together with the evolution of environmental regulations. Legal requirements relating to environmental 
protection are growing in importance in the European Union (EU) and several environmental policies have 
been adopted at a European and international level with the aim to encourage the transition towards a 
sustainable and electric transportation. In response to such changes in regulations, the Group has started to 
transform its car fleet structure to include an increasing proportion of plug-in hybrid or electric cars.  
At the same time, the Group has also developed several long-term rental products and services specifically 
aimed to address the evolving needs of electric car drivers. These include the supply of re-charge equipment 
(e-cards and cables necessary for the re-charge of vehicles), long-term rental products with no limitation on 
mileage, or variable plans where the monthly rental varies with the mileage, catering to the needs of different 
driving patterns.  
The Group’s strategic objectives include widening its offer to all Stellantis’ (as defined below) brands and 
extending its development plan, by continuing to focus on electric mobility and related services. Corporate 
mobility in the coming years will be characterised not only by a gradual transition to electric mobility but also

--- Page 22 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
22 
 
 
by a renewed need for efficient fleet management. Such transition could have an adverse impact on the Group's 
business model, particularly where traditional internal combustion engines vehicles (i.e. excluding Plug-in 
Hybrid (PHEV) or fully Electric (EV) powertrains) still account for the majority of the vehicles leased by the 
Group.  
Finally, prices for petroleum-based products, which include petrol, diesel and tyres, have experienced major 
volatility in the past. If oil prices rise further, automotive travel patterns might be adversely affected in many 
ways. Additional significant increases in fuel prices could significantly discourage customers from using 
leased vehicles and this could have an adverse effect on demand for the leased vehicles offered by the Group. 
Changes in consumer behaviour could affect the automotive industry, and as a result, the Group’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
A number of trends are currently affecting the automotive industry. These include a market shift from cars to 
sport utility vehicles (“SUVs”), high demand for incentives, the rise of mobility services such as vehicle 
sharing and ride hailing, the development of autonomous and alternative-energy vehicles, the impact of 
demographic shifts in attitudes and behaviours toward vehicle ownership and use, the development of flexible 
alternatives to traditional financing and leasing such as subscription service offerings, changing expectations 
around the vehicle buying experience, increased focus on climate-related initiatives and regulation, 
adjustments in the geographic distribution of new and used vehicle sales, and advancements in 
communications and technology. Any one or more of these trends could adversely affect the automotive 
industry and could in turn have an adverse impact on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
The Group's income and revenue may be affected by a variety of factors over which it has no control. 
The Group’s earnings and financial position are influenced by a variety of factors over which it has no control, 
including increases or decreases in gross national product, the level of consumer and business confidence, 
changes in interest rates on consumer loans, the rate of unemployment, changes in the overall market for 
consumer or rental and transportation, changes in the level of sales in its markets, changes in the industry’s 
regulatory environment in the countries in which the Group conducts business, competition from other leasing 
companies, rates of default by its customers, availability of funding sources and changes in the financial 
markets. The realisation of any one or more of these factors could adversely affect the financial condition and 
result of operations of the Group. For example, the persistence of financial and political uncertainty might 
result in a decline in demand for the Group's products, and difficult conditions in global financial markets may 
adversely impact the Group's ability to access the funding markets. In Europe, despite the measures taken by 
several governments, international and supranational organisations and monetary authorities to provide 
financial assistance to Eurozone countries in economic difficulty and to face the possibility of default by certain 
European countries on their sovereign debt obligations, concerns persist regarding the debt burden of certain 
Eurozone countries and their ability to meet future financial obligations as well as the overall stability of the 
euro as a single currency. It remains difficult to predict the effect of recent Eurozone measures on the economy 
and on the financial system. Potential adverse developments in the international financial markets, the Russia-
Ukraine conflict, the conflict in the Middle East, pressure on the global supply chain due to geopolitical 
tensions in the Red Sea, the residual effects of the Covid-19 pandemic or the UK’s relationship with the EU, 
among other factors could adversely affect the businesses and operations of the Group. 
In the near future the stability of the European financial system might be adversely impacted by several events, 
including those related to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine or to the banking industry. In any event, the European 
Central Bank has confirmed its commitment to continue to preserve the smooth functioning of monetary policy 
transmission and to provide liquidity support to the Eurozone financial system if needed. 
As a result, the Issuer’s ability to access the capital and financial markets and to refinance debt to meet financial 
requirements of the Group may be adversely impacted and the costs of financing may significantly increase. 
This could materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 23 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
23 
 
 
Inflationary pressures may have an adverse effect on our business.  
Global economic cycles can affect the Issuer’s business and operations due to their effects on GDP growth 
rates. In the near future, the stability of the Eurozone might be adversely impacted by a number of events, 
including those related to the Covid-19 pandemic, and the European Central Bank’s (the ECB) assessment of 
the inflation and growth data from December 2021 onwards. This data indicated upward inflationary pressures 
and the related threats to the recovery of GDP growth in the Eurozone that had been gathering pace following 
the peaking of the Covid-19 pandemic in Europe, supported by the response measures adopted by the EU and 
the EU Member States. 
The causes of the recent inflationary pressures include the economic consequences of the Russian invasion of 
Ukraine, which has increased energy and fuel prices and contributed to existing disruptions in supply chains 
due to other local or sector-specific factors, and tightness across some labour markets. 
The exact impact of inflationary pressures on the Issuer’s activities is difficult to predict as it depends on the 
market rates and central banks’ monetary policy decisions on rates. Further prolongation of inflationary 
pressures into the second half of 2024 could also induce a change in the ECB’s current interest rate policy, 
leading to potential further interest rate hikes. On 6 June 2024, the ECB’s Governing Council lowered the 
three key ECB interest rates by 0.25% based on an assessment of the inflation outlook, the dynamics of 
underlying inflation and the strength of monetary policy transmission. However, on 18 July 2024, the ECB’s 
Governing Council decided to keep the interest rates unchanged although it aims to ensure that inflation returns 
to an adequate level and future policy rates might be restrictive for such purposes. Therefore, although a growth 
in the Euro area remained modest, given the easing of monetary restrictions and the decline in inflation as 
already mentioned above, the general outlook continues to be uncertain. 
Persistently high inflation could adversely impact European households, businesses and banks as well as 
governments and public bodies. Reduced purchasing power of households, and increased costs for businesses, 
could reduce the customer base, and increase delinquency rates. On the fiscal side, it could lead to lower tax 
revenue, and induce higher government spending on relief measures. In addition, if inflation persists, the 
Issuer’s hedging strategy on interest rate risk may lead to locked-in rates higher than in the past due to 
inflationary pressures, resulting in higher financial expenses which would require an adjustment of its offer to 
clients. Furthermore, inflation can impact the market value of vehicle assets and could adversely affect vehicle 
sales, long-term rentals and discretionary consumer spending. An increase in interest rates, due to inflationary 
pressures, could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition 
by increasing the cost of funding and the rates it may charge its customers, which could, in turn, decrease the 
Issuer’s financing volumes and market share, thereby resulting in a decline in the competitive position of the 
Issuer. Such increased inflationary pressures, or any failure of the Issuer to address persisting inflationary 
pressures, could adversely affect its financial condition and operating results. 
The Group’s business depends on its partners. 
The Group depends on manufacturers and dealers for the supply of attractive vehicle models on competitive 
terms, in sufficient quantities, with satisfactory quality and on a timeline compatible with its business model. 
The Group’s vehicles and their components or equipment may become subject to recalls by their 
manufacturers, which could have a negative impact on the Group’s business. Market consolidation or down-
sizing or liquidations of individual manufacturers could also materially affect the Group’s business by 
affecting the availability of certain vehicles and the bargaining power of the Group when negotiating 
competitive prices for the vehicles it purchases to satisfy the Group's customer needs. 
A significant proportion of the Group’s activities are concentrated in vehicles manufactured by Stellantis (as 
defined below) (as at 30 June 2024 Stellantis’ brands accounted for approximately 85 per cent. of the Group’s 
fleet). Leasys’ business origination leverages on Stellantis’ dealers but a substantial portion of its business is 
originated through direct channels or a network of independent brokers. Thus, the financial success of Leasys 
may be dependent upon the success of Stellantis, as long as Stellantis is able to produce and deliver vehicles

--- Page 24 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
24 
 
 
that satisfy customer needs and comply with market standards and requirements with its products and thus 
maintains or increases its deliveries to customers. In addition, due to this dependency, fewer vehicle deliveries 
could also result in a negative impact on volumes and on the financial performance of the Group. 
Moreover, legal investigations might be launched and legal actions might be taken against Stellantis. This may 
have a negative influence on customer behaviour, leading to a decrease of the business of the Group.  
The Group also relies on other suppliers of aftersale services and uses partners for maintenance, towing or the 
supply of replacement vehicles. Given the small number of players in the market, competition among suppliers 
is limited. Such situation could result in the risk of the Group being over-charged compared to the quality of 
service and quality of customer management offered which, in turn, could have an adverse impact on the 
Group’s reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks related to maintenance services and tyres. 
The leasing contracts entered into by the Group might comprise additional services such as maintenance, tyre 
change, body repair, roadside assistance, etc. Costs for services (including, inter alia, tyres, body and glasses 
repair) amounted to €275 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. However, the actual costs incurred 
by the Group during the contract life may be greater than the costs forecasted and included in the quotation at 
the beginning of the contract (for example, as a result of the price of supplies needed for maintenance of 
vehicles higher than initially estimated and of labour costs being higher than initially estimated). 
The Group’s pricing structure and assumptions regarding the future maintenance and repair costs and tyre 
costs of the vehicles in its fleet over the term of the rental may be inaccurate. As most of the Group’s leases 
are on a fixed-fee basis, the Group may not be able to pass on the increased prices to its existing customers, 
which may in turn result in losses or reduced margin on the relevant leasing contracts. As a result, the Group 
may not be able to recover the unexpected costs and, in turn, this may have a consequent material adverse 
effect on the Group's business prospects and economic results. 
The Group may be unable to compete successfully or competition may increase in the business in which it 
operates. 
The Group’s competitive and strategic environment creates risks that may lead to the loss of clients, reductions 
in volumes of activity, or reduced revenues resulting from the inability to maintain its competitive position or 
to carry out its strategy. The Group operates in a highly competitive industry characterised by consolidation in 
a number of its core markets, particularly in the more mature European markets. 
As at 30 June 2024, the Group operated across Europe in 11 countries1 with a managed fleet of approximately 
570 thousand vehicles as at that date, making the Group one of Europe’s largest integrated transportation and 
rental operators in the Italian long term-rental market for light commercial vehicles (16.66 per cent. market 
share as at 30 June 20242) and remaining a key player in the passenger cars segment (13.32 per cent. market 
share as at 30 June 20243). 
The Group’s main competitors are, at the global level, international independent operators, bank affiliates and 
automotive manufacturer captives. In addition, in certain markets, the Group may be in competition with local 
players. The Group’s competitors, some of whom are part of car manufacturers or banks that may have access 
to substantial funding at a relatively low cost, may seek to compete aggressively on the basis of pricing, 
particularly with the consolidation of main players. Further, the Group may be required by customers to match 
competitors’ downward pricing either to maintain or gain market share, which may adversely affect the 
Group’s margins. If the Group's prices are too high compared to those of its competitors, it may lose customers 
and/or business volume.  
 
1 Austria, Belgium, Germany, France, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and United Kingdom. 
2 Source: https://www.dataforce.de/it/tutte-le-notizie/focus-noleggio-aniasa-dataforce-secondo-trimestre-2024/.  
3 Source: https://www.dataforce.de/it/tutte-le-notizie/focus-noleggio-aniasa-dataforce-secondo-trimestre-2024/.

--- Page 25 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
25 
 
 
In addition, the Group’s positioning is dependent on its ability to meet customers’ expectations, i.e. its ability 
to continuously improve its existing range of products and services and to develop new products, services, 
systems and software that meet the evolving needs of its customers. Technological advancements may lead to 
changes in customer behaviour, especially in relation to transportation patterns, which may require the Group 
to make substantial investments in order to stay abreast of such developments and remain competitive. 
Risks linked to the Group’s strategy. 
The Group intends to develop its business and its growth ambitions leveraging on the completion of the 
internationalisation path it has undertaken in recent years and completing with the potential expansion into 
selected European countries. Core to this strategy is also the continued development of products and services 
catering to the evolving needs of electric transportation.  
Any future recession or economic downturn, or any adverse circumstance affecting the parameters and 
assumptions underlying the Group’s strategy, could have a material adverse impact on the execution of the 
Group’s growth strategy. Should the Group be unable to successfully implement its strategy or if this does not 
yield the expected results, this could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, 
revenues, reputation, and results of operations. 
2. 
Risks related to the corporate structure of Leasys 
Leasys is a holding company. 
Leasys is the holding company of the Group. As a holding company, it conducts certain of its operations 
through its subsidiaries and depends in part on dividends and inter-company payments (both advances and 
repayments) from such subsidiaries to meet its debt obligations, including Leasys’ obligations under any 
Notes. The liquidation or winding up of Leasys’ subsidiaries may have a material adverse effect on Leasys’ 
ability to meet its obligations under any Notes. 
Leasys is dependent on its shareholders. 
Leasys is currently wholly owned by Leasys S.a.s. (Leasys SAS), formerly Leaseco S.a.s (LeaseCo), which 
is a French multi-brand operating leasing company established on 29 July 2022, in which Stellantis N.V. 
(formerly Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. (FCA)) (Stellantis) and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance S.A. 
(Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Crédit Agricole S.A. (Crédit Agricole, 
and together with its subsidiaries, the Crédit Agricole Group) each hold a 50 per cent. stake. 
The Group was sold by CA Auto Bank S.p.A. (formerly FCA Bank S.p.A., CA Auto Bank) to LeaseCo on 
21 December 2022, which changed its legal name in Leasys SAS on 3 April 2023. CA Auto Bank was the 
result of a joint venture agreement between its two shareholders FCA Italy S.p.A. (FCA Italy), a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Stellantis and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance, each holding 50 per cent. of CA Auto Bank's 
issued share capital.  
In the context of the reorganisation of CA Auto Bank and Leasys, on 17 December 2021, Crédit Agricole 
Consumer Finance and Stellantis announced that they had entered into negotiations in order to agree upon, 
inter alia, the purchase by Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance of Stellantis' 50 per cent. shareholding in CA 
Auto Bank and Drivalia S.p.A. (formerly Leasys Rent S.p.A.) (Drivalia), at that time a 100 per cent. owned 
subsidiary of Leasys (the CACF Share Purchase).  
The transaction also envisaged the transfer, by CA Auto Bank, of its 100 per cent. shareholding in Leasys 
(other than its participation in Drivalia) to a newly created joint venture vehicle, established in France, equally 
owned by Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance and Stellantis (i.e. LeaseCo) (the Leasys Share Sale). The 
parties entered into binding agreements on 1 April 2022 to give effect to the Leasys Share Sale, which became 
effective on 21 December 2022. For further information see “Description of the Issuer – Overview”.

--- Page 26 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
26 
 
 
Furthermore, a significant proportion of the Group's revenues are generated as a result of its close relationship 
with Stellantis, although the Group also offers its services as a leasing partner to other automotive 
manufacturers. There is no assurance that the Group will maintain in the future a relationship with 
manufacturers (other than Stellantis) with which it currently has, or will form, partnerships, and failure to do 
so could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business and its results of operations.  
In addition, as of 30 June 2024, loans extended by the Crédit Agricole Group to Leasys, and certain of its 
subsidiaries, represented 11 per cent. of the Group's total balance sheet liabilities. Notwithstanding Leasys’ 
strategy to diversify its sources of funding, there is no assurance that the proportion of Leasys’ funding 
provided by the Crédit Agricole Group will not increase in the future, thus making Leasys more reliant on the 
Crédit Agricole Group's financing. As a consequence, the strategic, commercial and financial links between 
Leasys and its ultimate shareholders make the business of Leasys dependent on Stellantis and the Crédit 
Agricole Group. This, in turn, exposes Leasys to certain exogenous factors that may affect both Stellantis and 
Crédit Agricole Group or either of them. 
For further information, see “Change of control of Leasys and risks relating to the JVA” below. 
Change of control of Leasys and risks relating to the JVA. 
A joint venture agreement (the JVA) between FCA Italy, Crédit Agricole and Crédit Agricole Consumer 
Finance, Leasys’ original indirect shareholders, was signed on 28 December 2006 with a minimum term of 
eight years, indefinitely extendable thereafter. Since December 2006, FCA Italy, Crédit Agricole and Crédit 
Agricole Consumer Finance, as the original parties to the JVA, have entered into numerous amendment 
agreements (the JVA Amendments) to, among other things, extend the duration of the JVA. On 18 July 2019, 
FCA Italy, Crédit Agricole and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance, entered into an Agreement (the 
Agreement) to, among other things, extend the duration of the JVA with respect to CA Auto Bank up to 31 
December 2024 (the End Date) with effect from 19 July 2019, and with the possibility to automatically extend 
the JVA, unless a termination notice is served three years prior to the End Date. On 17 December 2021, Crédit 
Agricole Consumer Finance and Stellantis announced that they had entered into negotiations in order to agree 
upon the CACF Share Purchase and, following the positive opinion of the staff representative bodies, on 1 
April 2022 such parties announced the execution of binding agreements by which Crédit Agricole Consumer 
Finance agreed to acquire 100 per cent. of the share capital of CA Auto Bank and Drivalia by the first half of 
2023. On 29 April 2022, CA Auto Bank acquired from Leasys all the shares outstanding of Drivalia. On 21 
December 2022, the Leasys Share Sale took place and on 3 April 2023 the CACF Share Purchase was 
completed, therefore the JVA was terminated and CA Auto Bank became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Crédit 
Agricole Consumer Finance. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Leasys is currently wholly owned by Leasys SAS which, as specified 
above, is controlled by Stellantis and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance, each holding a 50 per cent. stake. In 
particular, on 3 April 2023, Stellantis, Crédit Agricole and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance entered into a 
joint venture agreement (the new JVA). The duration of the new JVA is 9 years (i.e. 30 April 2032) (the new 
JV End Date) and shall be automatically renewed for 3-years periods unless either shareholder decides against 
any such renewal. 
If either Stellantis or Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance were to divest its shareholding in Leasys SAS, this 
could negatively affect Leasys' business, results of operations, its ability to access funding and its credit ratings 
(and consequently its cost of funding), which could have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer 
to meet its obligations under any Notes. If Leasys SAS or Leasys experience a change of control, Leasys may 
be required to repurchase some or all of the outstanding Notes, if any, and may be required to repay certain 
other outstanding debt obligations. Furthermore, certain of Leasys' existing credit facilities, may provide that 
certain change of control events in relation to Stellantis, Crédit Agricole or Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance 
constitute an event of default or acceleration. Such an event would entitle the lenders thereunder to, among 
other things and unless a waiver is granted, cause all outstanding debt obligations under the relevant credit 
facility to become due and payable and to proceed against the collateral, if any, securing such credit facility.

--- Page 27 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
27 
 
 
An event of default or an acceleration of any of Leasys' credit facilities may also cause a default under the 
terms of other indebtedness of Leasys. There can be no assurance that, in such a situation, Leasys would have 
sufficient assets or be able to obtain sufficient third party financing to satisfy all of its obligations under its 
credit facilities, any Notes or other indebtedness which have become due and payable.  
Risks relating to corporate transactions. 
Leasys has engaged in the past, and may engage in the future, in significant corporate transactions such as 
mergers, de-mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures, the success of which is difficult to predict and which 
might be depending on the future set-up of the newly created joint venture.  
No assurance can be given that recent, ongoing or future transactions will not negatively impact Leasys’ results 
and financial position in the short and/or the medium term and that Leasys will not encounter obstacles of an 
administrative, legal, technical, industrial, operational, regulatory, financial policy nature or other difficulties, 
such that they may not achieve the results, objectives or benefits expected. Furthermore, the integration and 
adjustment of an acquisition targets’ operating and management systems and business models may present 
significant challenges and could lead the Group to incur significant costs, which in turn could have an impact 
on the profitability of the target and therefore of the Group. Moreover, any delay in completing, or the failure 
to complete, an acquisition, disposal, merger, joint venture or similar operation, could prejudice the full 
achievement of, or delay fully achieving, the results and the benefits expected for Leasys and could have 
significant negative repercussions on the business prospects, results and/or financial situation of Leasys.  
Leasys is also exposed to the risk that the disposal of its investments may be effected on terms and conditions 
which are unsatisfactory, with consequent negative impacts on its financial position and its prospects. 
For further information on recent and ongoing acquisitions carried out by the Issuer, please see the section 
“Description of the Issuer – History and Development”. 
3.  
Risks related to the financial markets 
The Group's future performance depends upon, inter alia, its ability to fund its newly originated business at 
competitive conditions. Any downturn in financial markets could create unfavourable market conditions, with 
limited availability of competitive sources of financing and an increase in refinancing costs, which could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group's business prospects and economic results. In particular, the turmoil in 
the financial markets caused by the ongoing effects of the Russia-Ukraine conflict and inflationary pressures 
may result in significantly higher funding costs for Leasys (see also “The Group's income and revenue may be 
affected by a variety of factors over which it has no control” and “Inflationary pressures may have an adverse 
effect on our business” above). Market turmoil and deteriorating macro-economic conditions may also have a 
material adverse effect on the liquidity, businesses and financial conditions of the Group's customers, which 
could in turn increase Leasys’ credit impairments and provisioning or result in decreased demand for its 
products in general. Any of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. In addition, due to the difficulties of predicting the magnitude 
and duration of various economic cycles, Leasys is unable to offer any assurances about future trends in 
relation to potential tightening of credit in all major markets. There can be no certainty that potential measures 
taken by governments and financial authorities will succeed in restoring normal credit and trading conditions 
and many countries' economies could suffer from recession for a protracted period of time, which could 
negatively affect the Group's earnings and financial position. 
Risks associated with exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations.  
The Group is subject to currency exchange rate risk and interest rate risk in the ordinary course of its business. 
Leasys manages both its foreign exchange risk on assets and liabilities and its interest rate risk through the use 
of financial hedging instruments. Notwithstanding that the interest rate matching of assets and liabilities is 
provided for by the Group's policies, the volatility and uncertainties in the financial markets caused by the

--- Page 28 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
28 
 
 
residual effects of the Covid-19 pandemic, as well as the Russia-Ukraine conflict, the conflict in the Middle 
East, pressure on the global supply chain due to geopolitical tensions in the Red Sea, rising cost of fuel, cost 
of living crisis and inflationary pressures may result in highly volatile interest rates and, as a result, in 
temporarily unhedged positions, thus impacting the Group's profitability (see also “The Group’s income and 
revenue may be affected by a variety of factors over which it has no control” and “Inflationary pressures may 
have an adverse effect on our business” above). In the event that Leasys’ hedging strategy does not succeed, 
Leasys may not be able to preserve its financial margin in case of adverse foreign exchange rates and/or interest 
rate fluctuations and may be unable to raise necessary funds in the markets. Despite the use of financial hedging 
instruments, sudden exchange rate or interest rate fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on Leasys’ 
earnings. 
A portion of the Group’s activities are generated in functional currencies other than the Euro. For the six 
months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s activities in countries outside the Eurozone related to the United 
Kingdom (8.2 per cent. of gross operating margin was generated in GBP) and Poland (1.5 per cent. of gross 
operating margin was generated in PLN). 
The Group’s functional and reporting currency is the Euro. However, the Group is present outside the 
Eurozone, in the United Kingdom and Poland, through its subsidiaries and branches (Leasys UK Ltd and 
Leasys Polska Sp.Zo.o.), and has assets, liabilities, revenues and costs denominated in Pound sterling and 
Polish zloty. Due to its international activity, the Group is exposed to foreign exchange risks, such as high 
volatility of exchange rates, related to inflows and outflows of cash from daily business activities as well as 
participations in its subsidiaries and branches. The Group may also incur a currency translation risk related to 
the conversion of net results generated in local currencies. When the Group prepares its consolidated financial 
statements, it must translate foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities into Euros using the spot 
exchange rate at the balance sheet date. Income and expense items are translated at the average rate for the 
period.  
Fluctuations in interest rates and exchange risks could have a material effect on the Issuer’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations, and could also significantly affect the comparability of the Group’s results 
of operations between periods. 
Liquidity risks. 
The Group’s ongoing operations, expansion, and growth require access to significant amounts of funding. The 
Group is exposed to liquidity risk which is the risk of not being able to meet cash flow requirements when they 
fall due and at a reasonable price due to insufficient liquidity, for instance, to finance new vehicle purchases 
for lease contracts. A structural liquidity position is derived from the maturities of all outstanding balance-
sheet or off-balance sheet positions according to their liquidity profile.  
The risk of not finding financing in sufficient quantity or at a satisfactory price is increasing as a result of 
tensions in the financial markets generated by the macroeconomic conditions and geopolitichal tensions (see 
further “The Group's income and revenue may be affected by a variety of factors over which it has no control” 
and “—Inflationary pressures may have an adverse effect on our business” above). The risk of not accessing 
existing or new sources of funds, in sufficient quantity, on favourable terms, or at a satisfactory price, may 
lead to insufficient liquidity, which would have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, liquidity, 
cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Group’s activities are subject to credit risk. 
Credit risk is the risk of loss arising from a failure of customers or contractual counterparties of the Issuer or 
its subsidiaries to meet the financial commitments in their contracts. This includes the risk of a default on lease 
payments and account receivables due to the Issuer or its subsidiaries. The Group’s level of credit risk depends 
primarily on two factors: the total number of contracts that might default and the amount of loss per occurrence,

--- Page 29 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
29 
 
 
which in turn are influenced by various economic factors. Leasys is also subject to the risk that a counterparty 
may fail to perform on its contractual obligations. 
At 30 June 2024, Group Receivables from customers amounted to €746 million, representing an increase of 
€32 million compared to 31 December 2023. 
While the Group generally has the ability to recover and resell leased vehicles following a customer default, 
the resale value of the recovered vehicles may not be adequate to cover its loss as a result of a default. The 
Group may not be able to resell the relevant vehicle at all which could have an adverse impact on the Group’s 
results of operations. 
The Group’s business may be afftected by the risks connected with the relationship of the United Kingdom 
with the European Union. 
The UK exited the EU on 31 January 2020 at 11pm (London time) and the transition period ended on 31 
December 2020 at 11pm (London time). Therefore, the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Union have now ceased to apply to the UK. The European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) and secondary legislation 
made under it ensure there is a functioning statute book in the UK.  
The EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the Trade and Cooperation Agreement), which governs 
relations between the EU and the UK following the end of the Brexit transition period and which had 
provisional application pending completion of ratification procedures, entered into force on 1 May 2021. The 
Trade and Cooperation Agreement does not create a detailed framework to govern the cross-border provision 
of regulated financial services from the UK into the EU and from the EU into the UK. 
The precise impact on the business of the Issuer is difficult to determine. As such, no assurance can be given 
that such matters would not adversely affect the ability of Leasys to satisfy its obligations under any Notes 
and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of any Notes in the secondary market. 
The exit of the UK from the EU; the possible exit of Scotland, Wales or Northern Ireland from the UK; the 
possibility that other EU countries could hold similar referendums to the one held in the United Kingdom 
and/or call into question their membership of the European Union; and the possibility that one or more 
countries that adopted the Euro as their national currency might decide, in the long term, to adopt an alternative 
currency or prolonged periods of uncertainty connected to these eventualities could have significant negative 
impacts on global economic conditions and the stability of international financial markets. These could include 
falls in equity markets, a further fall in the value of the pound and, more generally, increased financial market 
volatility and, reduction of global markets liquidities, with possible negative consequences on the asset prices, 
operating results and capital and/or financial position of Leasys and/or the Group. 
In addition to the above and in consideration of the fact that at the date of this Base Prospectus there is no legal 
procedure or practice in place for facilitating the exit of a Member State from the Euro, the consequences of 
these decisions are exacerbated by the uncertainty regarding the methods through which a Member State could 
manage its current assets and liabilities denominated in Euros and the exchange rate between the newly adopted 
currency and the Euro. A collapse of the Eurozone could be accompanied by the deterioration of the economic 
and financial situation of the EU and could have a significant negative effect on the entire financial sector, 
creating new difficulties in the granting of sovereign loans and loans to businesses and involving considerable 
changes to financial activities both at market and retail level. This situation could therefore have a significant 
negative impact on the operating results and capital and financial position of Leasys and/or the Group. 
4. 
Operational risks 
Risks related to legal proceedings.

--- Page 30 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
30 
 
 
In the course of its operating activities, the Group could become subject to legal disputes, public authorities’ 
investigations or other official proceedings in Italy as well as abroad. In particular, but not limited to the 
following scenarios, such proceedings may be initiated by relevant authorities, suppliers, dealers, customers, 
employees, or investors and could relate to, inter alia, legal and regulatory requirements, competition issues, 
ethical issues, money laundering laws, data protection laws, noncompliance with civil law and information 
security policies. For the companies involved, these proceedings may result in payments, regulatory sanctions 
or other obligations. Complaints brought by suppliers, dealers, investors or other third parties may also result 
in significant costs, risks or damages for the Group. There may be investigations by public authorities into 
circumstances of which the Group is currently not aware, or which have already arisen or will arise in the 
future, including in relation to alleged violations of supervisory, competition or criminal laws. 
Litigation is inherently uncertain and the Group could experience significant adverse results regardless of the 
merits of any alleged claims or outcomes of proceedings in which it is directly or indirectly involved. A 
negative outcome in one or more of such legal proceedings may adversely affect Leasys’ or the Group’s results 
of operations and financial condition. In addition, adverse publicity relating to allegations involving the Group 
may cause significant reputational harm that could have a material adverse effect on the Group. Further, certain 
Leasys affiliated entities are or may become subject to litigation and investigations by public bodies, and have 
been or may become subject to fines or other penalties. These factors could affect the business of such affiliates 
and, accordingly, could have a negative effect on Leasys’ or the Group’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on Leasys’ or the Group’s 
business, financial position, results of operations and its reputation (for further details of ongoing legal and 
regulatory proceedings affecting Leasys and the Group, see “Description of Leasys - Litigation” below). 
Risks linked to changes in law and regulations. 
Leasys is active in a complex legal, regulatory, and fiscal environment and subject to a wide range of laws and 
regulations, treaties or other arrangements between or among the European countries in which it operates. On 
top of differences of understanding linked to local legislations, the operational entities are subject to various 
regulations, notably those relating to personal data protection, tax regulations and consumer law, with the 
development of private lease. This risk is all the more significant since the phenomenon of legislative and 
regulatory inflation makes the environment less and less stable. A failure to comply with the laws and 
regulations applicable to the Group may result in fines and penalties and could materially impact its reputation, 
business, financial position and prospects.  
Environmental risks. 
Changes to the regulations governing vehicles with combustion engines may have a strong effect on the 
residual values of Leasys’ fleet. Although no significant devaluation can be observed as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus on the used car market, the residual value risks linked to climate change and pollution concerns 
may translate into differences between forecast residual values and actual resale values of used cars, in 
particular for diesel vehicles, which in 2024 still represented the majority of vehicles in Leasys’ fleet. It cannot 
be excluded that the ongoing shift towards low-emissions vehicles could have an impact on the resale value of 
traditional internal combustion engines. The governance in place on residual value risk aims to monitor used 
car market evolutions and adapt Leasys’ pricing and financial policy. 
In its main European markets, measures are being taken to cut the share of diesel vehicles on the road, for 
pollution reasons. In this context, Leasys has put in place a series of measures to accelerate the transition from 
its historically mostly diesel fleet toward a more balanced mix. The Leasys’ fleet is newer than the average car 
fleet. Beyond this structural dimension, the Group’s policy is to prescribe responsibly: identify the right vehicle 
for the right usage and enable its clients to make informed decisions, with a view to continuously reducing the 
environmental impact of its fleet. 
Car pooling, car sharing and transportation as a service encourage new behaviours which are gradually moving 
away from the one car per user paradigm.

--- Page 31 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
31 
 
 
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on Leasys’ or the Group’s business, financial 
position and results of operations.  
IT risks. 
The Group relies on internal and external information and technological systems to manage its operations and 
is dependent on the smooth functioning of the software systems, websites and mobile applications it uses, and 
on its ability to continue to adapt them to future technological developments. In addition, the Group’s ability 
to provide reliable services, competitive pricing and accurate and timely reporting for its customers depends 
on the efficient operation and user-friendly design of back-office platforms, internal software, websites and 
mobile applications employed within the process.  
The Group is, therefore, exposed to risk of loss resulting from breaches of security, system or control failures, 
inadequate or failed capacity to maintain and improve the responsiveness, features and characteristics of its 
technologies and information systems and the widespread adoption of new web, networking or 
telecommunications technologies. 
Any system malfunction or disruption of its servicing activity could have a material adverse impact on the 
Group’s ability to satisfy its customers and could affect the Group’s competitive position, business, financial 
position, and reputation. The use of the Internet and mobile services as an independent and cost-efficient sales 
and communications channel of the Issuer could be affected by a number of associated risks, e.g. uncertainties 
in respect of the protection of intellectual property or the registered domains, possible violation of data 
protection provisions relating to the safeguarding of customer related personal information, the dependence on 
technological conditions, system failures, fraud, virus and spyware, which could have a material adverse 
impact on the business, financial condition, operating results of the Group.  
Any cybersecurity attack that results in the publication of confidential business and client information, such as 
information or personal data leaks, could expose the Group to legal liability. This liability could include 
penalties imposed by any relevant competent authority to which the Group is subject, claims from its 
commercial partners, fraud claims as well as for other misuses of personal information, including unauthorised 
marketing purposes, and any of these claims could result in litigation.  
Any of these events could materially and adversely affect the Group’s ability to conduct its business operations, 
increase its risk of loss resulting from disruptions of operating procedures, cause the Group to incur important 
information verification costs, and potentially result in financial losses or reputational damages.  
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
1. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features: 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return.  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period.

--- Page 32 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
32 
 
 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
In addition, with respect to Condition 6.4 (Clean-up redemption at the option of the Issuer), (i) there is no 
obligation under such Condition for the Issuer to inform investors if and when 75 per cent. or more of the 
initial aggregate nominal amount of a particular Series of Notes have been redeemed or purchased by, or on 
behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, and (ii) the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that 
immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-Up Call Option, the Notes 
may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
Redemption for tax reasons. 
If, as a result of a change in the applicable laws or regulations, the Issuer becomes obliged to increase the 
amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Italy or certain other relevant jurisdictions or any political subdivision 
thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant 
Notes. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market 
value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such "benchmarks".  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR) are the subject of 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark.

--- Page 33 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
33 
 
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The UK Benchmarks Regulation among other things, 
applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in 
the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the Financial 
Conduct Authority (FCA) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR.  The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. On 4 December 2023, the group 
issued its final statement, announcing completion of its mandate. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any 
of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark 
Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) occurs in respect of an Original Reference Rate or other 
relevant reference rate (which could include, without limitation, a mid-swap rate) and/or any page on which 
such benchmark may be published (or any other successor service) becomes unavailable. Such fallback 
arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions), with the application of an adjustment spread 
(which could be positive, negative or zero), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes to ensure the proper operation of the new benchmark, all as determined by the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in consultation with an Independent Adviser) and as more fully described at Condition 4.3 
(Benchmark Discontinuation). It is possible that the adoption of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, 
including any adjustment spread, may result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original 
Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. There is also a risk that the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as expected or intended at the relevant time.  
Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of 
Interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period

--- Page 34 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
34 
 
 
being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the 
rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any 
of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions 
of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as a reference rate. 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes identifies that the Rate of Interest for 
such Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA, the Rate of Interest will be determined on the basis of 
Compounded Daily SONIA or by reference to a specified index (all as further described in the Conditions of 
the Notes). All such rates are based on ‘overnight rates’. Overnight rates differ from interbank offered rates, 
such as LIBOR, in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that such rates are backwards-
looking, risk-free overnight rates, whereas LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and 
includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that overnight rates 
may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for Notes issued under the Programme compared 
to interbank offered rates. The use of overnight rates as reference rates for Eurobonds is nascent, and is subject 
to change and development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and 
adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such overnight rates.  
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing any overnight rates should be aware that the 
market continues to develop in relation to such rates in the capital markets and their adoption as an alternative 
to interbank offered rates such as LIBOR. Market participants, industry groups and/or central bank-led 
working groups continue to explore compounded and weighted average rates and observation methodologies 
for such rates (including so-called ‘shift’, ‘lag’, and ‘lock-out’ methodologies) and such groups may also 
explore forward-looking ‘term’ reference rates derived from these overnight rates.  The adoption of overnight 
rates may also see component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from LIBOR or 
another reference rate to an overnight rate. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt overnight rates in a way that differs significantly from those 
set out in the Conditions of the Notes issued under the Programme. In addition, the methodology for 
determining any overnight rate index by reference to which the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Notes may 
be calculated could change during the life of any Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future issue Notes 
referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous 
SONIA-referenced Notes issued by it under the Programme. The nascent development of overnight rates as 
interest reference rates for the Eurobond markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could 
result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise adversely affect the market price of any 
such Notes issued under the Programme from time to time. 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest on Notes which reference overnight rates is only capable of being determined 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which 
reference overnight rates to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and 
some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of 
which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based Notes, 
if Notes referencing an overnight rate become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under 
Condition 9, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate 
of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall only be determined immediately prior to the date on which 
the Notes become due and payable.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of overnight rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially when compared with the application and adoption of the same overnight rates for the same 
currencies in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how

--- Page 35 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
35 
 
 
any mismatch between the adoption of overnight rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other 
financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Notes referencing overnight rates.  
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such Floating Rate Notes. 
In respect of Notes issued as Green Bonds there can be no assurance that the particular use of proceeds will 
be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor.  
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme which are specified to be “Green Bonds” in the applicable 
Final Terms. It will be the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of 
Green Bonds specifically for a portfolio of green eligible projects (Eligible Green Projects), as described in 
the Issuer’s green bond framework (as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, the Green Bond 
Framework) 
which 
is 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://corporate.leasys.com/english/investor-relations. The Green Bond Framework is not, nor shall it be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. The Green Bond Framework may be 
amended at any time without the consent of Noteholders and none of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers 
assumes any obligation or responsibility to release any update or revision to the Green Bond Framework and/or 
information to reflect events or circumstances after the date of publication of the Green Bond Framework. 
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person that the use of such proceeds 
for any Eligible Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its 
own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct 
or indirect environmental impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green 
Projects. Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer shall be responsible for the ongoing monitoring of the use of 
proceeds in respect of any such Notes. Prospective investors should consult with their legal and other advisers 
before making an investment in any such Notes and must determine for themselves the relevance of the 
information set out in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of any investment 
in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
It should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, or market consensus as to what 
constitutes or may be classified as, a "green" or equivalently-labelled project or investment that may finance 
such project is evolving. No assurance can be given that a clear definition, consensus or label will develop 
over time or that, if it does, any Green Bonds will comply with such definition, market consensus or label. In 
addition, no assurance can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person to investors 
that any Green Bonds will comply with any future standards or requirements regarding any “green” or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives, including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called EU Taxonomy Regulation including the 
supplemental delegated regulations related thereto) or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic 
law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA), and, accordingly, the status of any Notes as being “green” 
(or equivalent) could be withdrawn at any time. 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person as to the 
suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party 
(whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes 
and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any environmental and/or other criteria. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated 
in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor should it be 
deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer, or any other person to buy, sell or 
hold any such Notes. Any such opinion, report or certification is only current as at the date that opinion, report 
or certification was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any

--- Page 36 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
36 
 
 
such opinion, report or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such 
opinion, report or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of 
such opinions, reports and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
Investors in such Notes shall have no recourse against the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or the provider of 
any such opinion, report or certification for the contents of any such opinion, report or certification.  
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental” 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), 
no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person that such 
listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for 
any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. 
No representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person 
that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that 
any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes.  
Whilst it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Eligible Green 
Projects in, or substantially in, the manner summarised in this Base Prospectus, there can be no assurance that 
the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, the Eligible Green Projects will be capable of being 
implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Green Projects. Nor can there 
be any assurance that such Eligible Green Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or 
with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated 
by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes 
or otherwise result in the Notes being redeemed prior to their maturity date. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Green Projects as 
mentioned in the previous paragraph and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion 
or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such 
opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to 
trading on any stock exchange or securities market as mentioned above may have a material adverse effect on 
the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Eligible 
Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Any Green Bonds issued under the Programme will not be compliant with the Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 (the 
EUGBS) and are only intended to comply with the requirements and processes in the Issuer's Green Bond 
Framework. It is not clear if the establishment of the "European Green Bond" or "EuGB" label and the optional 
disclosures regime for bonds issued as "environmentally sustainable" under the EUGBS could have an impact 
on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds that do not comply with the requirements 
of the EuGB label or the optional disclosures regime, such as the Green Bonds issued under this Programme. 
It could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the market price of any Green 
Bonds issued under this Programme that do not comply with the standards under the EUGBS. 
There is no direct contractual link between any Green Bonds and any green targets of the Issuer. Therefore, 
payments of interest, principal or other amounts payable in respect of any Notes and rights to accelerate under 
the Notes will not be impacted by the performance of Eligible Green Projects funded out of the proceeds of 
issue (or amounts equal thereto) of the Notes or by any other green assets of the Issuer.  
Investors should also consider that the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment 
of the Green Bond Principles, any verification of whether the Eligible Green Projects comply with the meet 
the Green Bond Principles, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds.

--- Page 37 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
37 
 
 
2. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
investors. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and 
vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of 
electronic consents.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution 
or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. 
As provided under Article 2415, first paragraph, number 2, of the Italian Civil Code, the Noteholders may, by 
an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) passed by a specific majority, modify the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (these modifications may relate to, without limitation, the maturity of the 
Notes or the dates on which interest is payable on them; the principal amount of, or interest on, the Notes; or 
the currency of payment of the Notes). These and other changes to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may 
adversely impact Noteholders' rights and may adversely impact the market value of the Notes. 
The provisions convening meetings of Noteholders and the appointment of a Noteholders' Representative in 
respect of any Series of Notes are subject to compliance with mandatory provisions of Italian law. No assurance 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Italian law or administrative practice 
after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any 
Notes affected by it. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely 
impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may 
be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such 
that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade.

--- Page 38 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
38 
 
 
No-gross up on withholding tax.  
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make gross 
up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected and could significantly 
adversely affect their return on the Notes. 
The Notes do not restrict the amount of debt which the Issuer may incur. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not contain any restriction on the amount of indebtedness which 
the Issuer may from time to time incur. In the event of any insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer, the Notes 
will rank equally with other unsecured senior indebtedness of the Issuer and, accordingly, any increase in the 
amount of unsecured senior indebtedness of the Issuer in the future may reduce the amount recoverable by 
Noteholders. In addition, the Notes are unsecured and, save as provided in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge), do 
not contain any restriction on the giving of security by the Issuer to secure present and future indebtedness. 
Where security has been granted over assets of the Issuer to secure indebtedness, in the event of any insolvency 
or winding-up of the Issuer, such indebtedness will rank in priority over the Notes and other unsecured 
indebtedness of the Issuer in respect of such assets. 
3. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market.  In addition, should the Issuer be in financial distress, this is likely to have a further 
significant impact on the secondary market for the Notes and investors may have to sell their Notes at a 
substantial discount to their principal amount.  
Delisting of the Notes. 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List and admitted 
to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market and Notes issued under the Programme may also be 
admitted to trading, listing and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock exchange or quotation system 
(each, a listing), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Such Notes may subsequently be delisted despite 
the best efforts of the Issuer to maintain such listing and, although no assurance is made as to the liquidity of 
the Notes as a result of listing, any delisting of the Notes may have a material effect on a Noteholder's ability 
to resell the Notes on the secondary market. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding.  In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes,

--- Page 39 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
39 
 
 
(2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.  
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes as an equivalent 
investment issued at the current market interest rate may be more attractive to investors. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer, or the Notes.  The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  Such general restriction will also apply in the 
case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings 
are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  The 
list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and 
the publication of the updated ESMA list.   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to 
the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 40 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
40 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections of the documents 
incorporated by reference set out in the table below. The following documents which have previously been 
published and have been filed with Euronext Dublin and the Central Bank shall be incorporated in, and form 
part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
Management report and 2022 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements (available at the following 
link: https://corporate.leasys.com/english/investor-relations) including the information set out at the 
following pages in particular: 
 
Key data 
 
Pages 4-5 
Business Lines  
Pages 24-25 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
Pages 76-77 
Consolidated Income Statement  
Page 78 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
Page 79 
Statement of Changes in Consolidated Shareholders’ Equity
 
 
Pages 80-83 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (indirect method) 
 
Page 84 
Consolidated Explanatory Notes 
Pages 88-177 
Independent auditors’ report 
 
Pages 180-182 
 (b) 
Management report and 2023 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements (available at the following 
link: https://corporate.leasys.com/english/investor-relations) including the information set out at the 
following pages in particular: 
 
Key 
data
 .................................................................................................. 
Page 3 
Business 
lines
 .................................................................................................. 
Page 16 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
Consolidated 
Balance 
Sheet
 .................................................................................................. 
Pages 53-54 
Consolidated 
Income 
Statement
 .................................................................................................. 
Page 55 
Consolidated 
Statement 
of 
Comprehensive 
Income
 .................................................................................................. 
Page 56

--- Page 41 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
41 
 
 
Statement of Changes in Consolidated Shareholders’ Equity
 .................................................................................................. 
Pages 57-58 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (indirect method)
 .................................................................................................. 
Page 59 
Consolidated 
Explanatory 
Notes
 .................................................................................................. 
Pages 59-147 
Independent 
auditors’ 
report
 .................................................................................................. 
 Pages 161-165  
(c) 
the English translation of the consolidated non-financial statements as at and for the financial year 
ended 
on 
31 
December 
2023 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(available 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://corporate.leasys.com/english/investor-relations) including the information set out at the 
following pages in particular. 
 
Entire document 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    All Pages 
(d) 
the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial report of the Issuer for the six months ended 
30 
June 
2024 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://corporate.leasys.com/english/investor-relations), including the information set out therein at 
the following pages in particular: 
Consolidated 
Balance 
Sheet
 .................................................................................................. 
Pages 33-34 
Consolidated 
Income 
Statement
 .................................................................................................. 
Page 35 
Consolidated 
Statement 
of 
Comprehensive 
Income
 .................................................................................................. 
Page 36 
Statement of Changes in Consolidated Shareholders’ Equity
 .................................................................................................. 
Pages 37-38 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (indirect method)
 .................................................................................................. 
Page 39 
Explanatory 
Notes
 .................................................................................................. 
Pages 40-84 
Independent’s 
Auditor’s 
Review 
Report
 .................................................................................................. 
 Pages 85-86  
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions contained in the Base Prospectus dated 14 July 2023 (which can be found 
on the following website: https://corporate.leasys.com/english/investor-relations), pages 61 to 95 
(inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any 
such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements

--- Page 42 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
42 
 
 
contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any websites save for those listed as documents incorporated by reference above, included in the Base 
Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of the Base Prospectus, except where that 
information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Other than the information 
incorporated by reference, the content of these websites has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent 
authority. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 43 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
43 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global 
note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a 
Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a Global Note) which, in either 
case, will: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear  and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will 
also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility.  Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of 
the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either 
be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued 
in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial 
owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for 
resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like 
certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, interests 
in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein for 
interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given.  The holder of a Temporary Global Note will 
not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date 
unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons 
attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an 
Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer 
has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available

--- Page 44 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
44 
 
 
or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were 
the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of 
any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the 
Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur 
not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), receipts and interest 
coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes, receipts 
or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of 
such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code 
and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are 
consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.   
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9 (Events of 
Default).  In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or 
any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes 
and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note 
then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their 
accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed 
directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 23 September 
2024 and executed by the Issuer. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will 
be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 45 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
45 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme which have a denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or more. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]4 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97][the Insurance Distribution 
Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]5  
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: [(i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.] 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: [(i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined 
 
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be "Applicable". 
5 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 46 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
46 
 
 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.] [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the SFA) - In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer 
has determined the classification of the Notes as capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendation on Investment Products.]6 
 [Date] 
Leasys S.p.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5493009CCXH3RNCA7U43  
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
 
under the €8,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 23 September 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it 
dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus [for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation]7 (the Base Prospectus).  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
[for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information.  The Base Prospectus and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading 
on Euronext Dublin, the Final Terms are available for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin 
www.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin.  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 14 July 2023 which are incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus dated 23 September 2024. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 23 September 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] (the Base Prospectus), 
 
6  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Issuer needs to re-classify the Notes as “capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products” and “Specified Investment Products” pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA and the Notes are to be offered in Singapore. Relevant 
Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA. 
7 All Prospectus Regulation related languages to be removed in the event Final Terms are used for an issuance outside the scope of the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 47 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
47 
 
 
including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Base Prospectus and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin, the Final 
Terms 
are 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
http://www.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”.  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.]  
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Leasys S.p.A. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph [   ] below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable]  
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].  No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”))

--- Page 48 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
48 
 
 
 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year 
from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its 
equivalent in any other currency.] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global 
form see Conditions): 
[         ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[         ]  
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[         ] month EURIBOR]]/[Compounded Daily 
SONIA] +/- [         ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16] below) 
10. 
Redemption[/Payment] Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [         ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount8/[[⚫] in case of Zero coupon Notes]] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 
15 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Change of Control Put]  
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-Up Call Option] 
 
[(see paragraph [18]/[19]/[20]/[21] below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior  
(b) 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[         ] [and [         ], respectively]] 
 
8 Redemption shall occur at at least 100 per cent. of the par value

--- Page 49 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
49 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons)  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) (and in 
relation to Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount [, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) (and in relation 
to Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/360] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[         ] (the Calculation Agent)

--- Page 50 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
50 
 
 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[[Compounded Daily SONIA]  
[         ] month [EURIBOR] 
(ii) 
Term Rate 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(iii) 
Overnight Rate 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
• 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
o Relevant 
Number: 
[[5 / [    ]] [[London Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(If “Index Determination” is “Not Applicable”, delete 
“Relevant Number” and complete the remaining 
bullets below) 
(If “Index Determination” is “Applicable”, insert 
number of days (expected to be five or greater) as 
the Relevant Number, and the remaining bullets 
below will each be “Not Applicable”) 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
o Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days] [Not Applicable] 
o Observatio
n 
Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days] [Not Applicable]  
(iv) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[         ] 
 
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR and the first 
London Banking Day falling after the last day of the 
relevant Observation Period if SONIA) 
(v) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ] 
 
(If not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page 
which shows a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately)  
(f) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]

--- Page 51 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
51 
 
 
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [         ] per cent. per annum 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 
6.2 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption 
for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount] [Make-whole 
Amount] 
 
[Set out appropriate variable details in this pro 
forma, for example reference obligation]  
(c) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond/FA Selected 
Bond] 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[11.00 a.m. [London/specify other] time] 
(e) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[ ] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 52 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
52 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent.) 
19. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent.) 
20. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [⚫] days 
 
Maximum period: [⚫] days]  
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent.)

--- Page 53 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
53 
 
 
21. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Clean-Up Call Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [⚫] per cent] 
(b) 
Clean-Up Redemption Amount: 
[⚫] 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
[Form:]  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 20059] 
(b) 
[New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]] 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraph 15(c) relates) 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
 
9 Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 54 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
54 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Leasys S.p.A.: 
By:  .........................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 55 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
55 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be listed 
on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin with effect from [         ].] 
 
[Application will be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the Official List 
of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect 
from [   ].]  
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[         ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]/[have not been]] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]:] [Not Applicable] 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].   
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation).] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (the CRA 
Regulation).]  
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (the CRA 
Regulation) but the rating issued by it is endorsed 
by [insert endorsing credit rating agency] which is 
established in the European Union and [is registered 
under the CRA Regulation] [has applied for 
registration under the CRA Regulation, although

--- Page 56 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
56 
 
 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the relevant 
competent authority].] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (the CRA 
Regulation) but is certified in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union and is not certified under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (the CRA 
Regulation) and the rating given by it is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in [the 
United Kingdom]/[insert] and is [registered with the 
Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with] / 
[the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[UK-based credit rating agency] registered with the 
FCA in accordance with] / [certified under] 
[Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (the CRA 
Regulation) as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the UK CRA Regulation).]]10 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.]  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there 
are other interests]  
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
 
10 Insert the relevant clause for Notes which are admitted to trading on the UK regulated market and which have been assigned a rating.

--- Page 57 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
57 
 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See 
[“Use 
of 
Proceeds”] 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus/[Green Bonds]/Give details]  
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from what 
is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give details) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[[         ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future 
yield.]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[         ]  
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code ], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ]/[Not Applicable]  
[(viii) Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit

--- Page 58 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
58 
 
 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper.  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[     ] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be

--- Page 59 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
59 
 
 
prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(x) 
[Singapore Sales to Institutional 
Investors and Accredited Investors 
only:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]11 
8. 
[BENCHMARKS 
 
Benchmark: 
[Not Applicable] / [[Benchmark] provided by 
[Benchmark administrator]. As at the date hereof, 
[Benchmark administrator] [appears] / [does not 
appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation). [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, EITHER [[Benchmark administrator] does 
not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation] OR [the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that [Benchmark administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence)].]] 
 
 
11 Delete this line item where Notes are not offered into Singapore. Include this line item where Notes are offered into 
Singapore. Indicate “Applicable” if Notes are offered to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in Singapore 
only. Indicate “Not Applicable” if Notes are also offered to investors other than Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors in Singapore.

--- Page 60 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
60 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be 
endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note.  Reference should be made to “Form of 
Final Terms” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to 
apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Leasys Italia S.p.A. or briefly Leasys S.p.A. 
(the Issuer) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 
23 September 2024 and made between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as issuing and principal 
paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor 
principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents).  The Principal 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the Paying Agents, 
together referred to as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) 
References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. The expression Prospectus Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when issued 
in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) 
attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached 
on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and 
shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below.  Any reference 
herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or 
terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for their respective Issue Dates, the amount and 
date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.

--- Page 61 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
61 
 
 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 
23 September 2024 and made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common 
depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a 
Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents and provision of proof of holding and 
identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent).  If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the 
Central Bank and Euronext Dublin. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, 
and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the 
applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, 
and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery.  The Issuer and any 
Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as 
the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or 
writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any 
Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Agents 
as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer 
of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the 
expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 62 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
62 
 
 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
2.1 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and the Coupons will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (subject as 
provided above) will rank pari passu, without any preference among themselves, with all other 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, but, in the 
event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors' rights. 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any of the Notes or Coupons remains outstanding the Issuer will not (unless previously 
authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders) 
create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a 
Security Interest) other than a Permitted Encumbrance upon the whole or any part of its undertaking 
or assets (including any uncalled capital), present or future, to secure any Quoted Indebtedness (as 
defined below), unless in any such case the same security (or such other security as may be approved 
by Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders) shall forthwith be extended equally and rateably to 
the Notes and any related Coupons.  
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
(i) 
Permitted Encumbrance means:  
(a) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law; 
(b) 
any Security Interest existing at the Issue Date (including any additional Security 
Interest required to be given pursuant to that Security Interest);  
(c) 
any Security Interest in respect of an aggregate amount or amounts which, 
individually or in the aggregate, represent not more than 20 per cent. of the total assets 
of the Issuer as disclosed in the most recent audited consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer; and 
(d) 
any Security Interest created or assumed by the Issuer over (A) any revenues and/or 
receivables and/or other assets (the Charged Assets) in connection with any asset-
backed financing or any securitised financing or like arrangements whereby all or 
substantially all the payment obligations in respect thereof are to be discharged solely 
from, or from the revenues generated by, the Charged Assets or (B) a segregated pool 
of assets in respect of Indebtedness issued by the Issuer;  
(ii) 
Quoted Indebtedness means any Indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, 
debentures, loan stock or other securities and which at the time of issue is, or is capable of 
being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange or over-the-counter market 
or other securities market; and

--- Page 63 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
63 
 
 
(iii) 
Indebtedness means any loan or other indebtedness for borrowed money, present or future, 
of the Issuer or any other person and any guarantee of such loan or other indebtedness as 
aforesaid.  
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to 
the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.   
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding. 
In these Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 4.1: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual

--- Page 64 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
64 
 
 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
and 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
relevant period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date or Issue Date, as applicable) to (but excluding) the next 
scheduled Interest Payment Date divided by 360. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 65 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
65 
 
 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In these Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes 
become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2(a)(ii) 
(Interest – Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Interest Payment Dates) above, the Floating Rate 
Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that 
is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis 
mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) 
each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls 
in the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(b) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on 
which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 
or any successor or replacement for that system (T2) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is 
open.

--- Page 66 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
66 
 
 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified below. 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes - Term Rate 
This Condition 4.2(b)(i) applies where “Term Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
“Applicable”. 
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent, as applicable.  If five or more of 
such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there 
is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of paragraph (A) above, no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of paragraph (B) above, fewer than three offered quotations 
appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the 
Issuer) with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. The 
Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) shall promptly notify the Calculation Agent of any 
such quotations received. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an 
agent appointed by the Issuer) with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with an offered quotation as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) by the Reference Banks or 
any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer 
than two of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that

--- Page 67 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
67 
 
 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Issuer 
(or an agent appointed by the Issuer) it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate 
of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(b)(i) Reference Banks means the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market as selected by the Issuer on the 
advice of an investment bank of international repute and Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. 
(London time, in the case of a determination of SONIA, and Brussels time, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR). 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Overnight Rate - Compounded Daily 
SONIA - Non-Index Determination 
This Condition 4.2(b)(ii) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) “Overnight Rate” to 
be “Applicable”; (2) “Compounded Daily SONIA” as the Reference Rate; and (3) “Index 
Determination” to be “Not Applicable”. 
(A) 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 4.3 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) and as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such 
Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference 
rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
d  
is the number of calendar days in: 
(i)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or

--- Page 68 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
68 
 
 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
D  
is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 365); 
do  
means: 
(i)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days in 
the relevant Observation Period; 
i  
is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in:  
(i)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
ni  
for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such London Banking Day “i” up to (but excluding) the 
following London Banking Day; 
Observation Period means the period from (and including) the date falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period to 
(but excluding) the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to (A) (in the case of 
an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) (in the 
case of any other Interest Accrual Period) the date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due;  
p  
means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days specified as the 
“Lag Period” in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
so specified, five London Banking Days); or 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days 
specified as the “Observation Shift Period” in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five London Banking 
Days);

--- Page 69 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
69 
 
 
the SONIA reference rate, in respect of any London Banking Day (LBDx), is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for 
such LBDx as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and 
as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the London 
Banking Day immediately following LBDx; and 
SONIAi means the SONIA reference rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking 
Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day “i”; or  
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
(B) 
If, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(A) above, in 
respect of any London Banking Day on which an applicable SONIA reference rate is required 
to be determined, such SONIA reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall be the rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent as:  
(1) 
the sum of (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) (or, if earlier, close of business) on such London Banking Day; 
and (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five London Banking Days in respect of which a SONIA reference rate has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than 
one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(2) 
if the Bank Rate under (1)(i) above is not available at the relevant time, either (A) the 
SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published 
by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day 
in respect of which the SONIA reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (B) if this is 
more recent, the latest rate determined under (1) above, 
and, in each case, references to “SONIA reference rate” in Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(A) shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(C) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 4.2(b)(ii), the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(1) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date on which the Rate 
of Interest was so determined (though substituting, where a different Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place 
of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period); or

--- Page 70 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
70 
 
 
(2) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first scheduled 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first 
scheduled Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (applying the Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the first scheduled Interest Period), 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate - Compounded Daily SONIA - Index 
Determination 
This Condition 4.2(b)(iii) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) “Overnight Rate” to 
be “Applicable”; (2) “Compounded Daily SONIA” as the Reference Rate; and (3) “Index 
Determination” to be “Applicable”. 
(A) 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 4.3 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) and as provided below, be the Compounded Daily SONIA Rate with respect 
to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference 
rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) (expressed as a percentage and rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the screen rate or index for compounded daily SONIA 
rates administered by the administrator of the SONIA reference rate that is published or 
displayed by such administrator or other information service from time to time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as further specified in the applicable Final Terms (the SONIA 
Compounded Index) and in accordance with the following formula: 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate   =    
where: 
d  
is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to 
which SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
Relevant Number is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, five); 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period; and 
SONIA Compounded IndexEnd means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA 
Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period, or (B) 
such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition 
or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Accrual Period).  
d 
x
Index
Compounded 
SONIA
Index
Compounded 
SONIA
Start 
End 
365 
1   
 
 
  
 
 
−

--- Page 71 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
71 
 
 
If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the administrator 
of the SONIA reference rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if 
later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof 
in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the 
SONIA reference rate or of such other information service, as the case may be) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Compounded Daily SONIA Rate for the applicable Interest 
Accrual Period for which the SONIA Compounded Index is not available shall be 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” determined in accordance with Condition 4.2(b)(ii) above as if 
“Index Determination” were specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Not 
Applicable”, and for these purposes: (i) the “Observation Method” shall be deemed to be 
“Observation Shift” and (ii) the “Observation Shift Period” shall be deemed to be equal to the 
Relevant Number of London Banking Days, as if those alternative elections had been made in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.   
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the

--- Page 72 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
72 
 
 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 73 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
73 
 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if 
there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate.

--- Page 74 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
74 
 
 
(f) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2 (Interest – 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes) by the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and no liability to the Issuer (subject to the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement), the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent, in connection 
with the exercise or non exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.3 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 4.3 is applicable to Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), if a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4.3(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 4.3(c) 
(Adjustment Spread)) and whether any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 4.3(d) (Benchmark Amendments)) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.3(a) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In 
the absence of bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party specified in the applicable Final Terms) any Paying Agent, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 4.3. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 4.3(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate, provided however that if the Issuer is 
unable or unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 4.3(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date in the 
case of the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to 
the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes shall be the initial Rate of 
Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period 
shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4.3(a) shall 
apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods 
are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
4.3(a).

--- Page 75 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
75 
 
 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or 
if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 4.3(a) (Independent Adviser) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date) acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 4.3(c) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to 
the operation of this Condition 4.3); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4.3(c) (Adjustment Spread) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4.3). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or 
if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 4.3(a) (Independent Adviser) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date )acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 4.3 and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 4.3(a) 
(Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date ) acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions 
and the Agency Agreement, including but not limited to Relevant Screen Page, are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread and/or necessary or appropriate to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines 
on the use of benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent regulatory 
authority (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with Condition 4.3(e) (Notices) and subject (to the extent required) to giving any notice 
required to be given to, without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders 
or Couponholders, vary these Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4.3(d), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading.

--- Page 76 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
76 
 
 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall 
be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4.3 will be notified promptly by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and each Paying Agent and, 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders or Couponholders. Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any.  
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 4.3(a) (Independent 
Adviser) to 4.3(d) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and 
Condition 4.2(b) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes) will continue to apply 
unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(g) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.3: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner), is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such 
industry standard is recognised or acknowledged); or 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner)is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
market transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate;

--- Page 77 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
77 
 
 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) in accordance with Condition 4.3(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) 
is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.3(d) (Benchmark 
Amendments); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by 
a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the administrator or supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the 
following six months; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its 
relevant underlying market, within the following six months; or 
(f) 
it has become unlawful for, the Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (b), (c), (d) and (e) above, the Benchmark Event 
shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original 
Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public statement; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 4.3(a) (Independent Adviser); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):

--- Page 78 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
78 
 
 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is a successor to 
or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
(h) 
Calculation Agent 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for determining any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread, Benchmark Amendments or Benchmark Event. The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by the 
Issuer or the Independent Adviser and will have no liability for such actions taken at the 
direction of the Issuer or the Independent Adviser. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.3 (Benchmark Discontinuation), if in 
the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty in making any determination or 
calculation under this Condition 4.3 (Benchmark Discontinuation), the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing 
as to which course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with 
such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any 
reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation 
to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
4.4 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified

--- Page 79 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
79 
 
 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
5.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 5.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) in 
respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 8 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would 
otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which 
on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest 
payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less 
than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the

--- Page 80 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
80 
 
 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States.  A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
5.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
5.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 81 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
81 
 
 
(b) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on 
which T2 is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is 
open. 
5.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7 
(Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7 
(Taxation). 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 6.6 (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts), the Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating 
Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less 
than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation) as a result of 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 7 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws

--- Page 82 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
82 
 
 
or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a 
result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax 
reasons) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 6.6 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the 
Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less 
than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in 
each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of 
the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if a Make-whole Amount is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, will be an amount calculated by the Issuer (or by an agent appointed by the 
Issuer to calculate the amount on its behalf) equal to the higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; or 
(b) 
the sum of the present values of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed and the 
Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the Optional 
Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on 
the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) 366) at the 
Reference Bond Rate (as defined below), plus the specified Redemption Margin, 
plus in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
In the Conditions: 
FA Selected Bond means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would

--- Page 83 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
83 
 
 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable 
maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
Financial Adviser means an independent and internationally recognised financial adviser selected by 
the Issuer; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the FA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, (a) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after 
excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the 
Issuer (or by an agent appointed by the Issuer) obtains fewer than four such Reference Government 
Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations;  
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond 
(expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Optional 
Redemption Date; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of the five banks selected by the Issuer, or their 
affiliates, which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (b) 
market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and the Optional Redemption Date, the arithmetic average, as determined 
by the Issuer (or by an agent appointed by the Issuer), of the bid and offered prices for the Reference 
Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Issuer (or by an agent 
appointed by the Issuer) by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the basis of 
the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the Optional Redemption Date. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certifications, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call)) by the Issuer (or by an agent appointed by the Issuer to calculate the amount on 
its behalf), shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders.  
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will (i) in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion).  In the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 84 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
84 
 
 
6.4 
Clean-up redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If a clean-up call option (the Clean-Up Call Option) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, and if 75 per cent. or any higher percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Clean-
Up Call Percentage) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which 
for the avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single 
series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes pursuant to Condition 15 (Further Issues)) 
have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may at any 
time, at its option, and having given to the Agent and the Noteholders not less than 5 nor more than 
30 calendar days’ notice (the Clean-Up Redemption Notice), in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem 
such outstanding Notes in that Series, in whole but not in part, at their clean-up redemption amount 
(Clean-Up Redemption Amount) together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption, on the date fixed for redemption identified in the Clean-Up Redemption 
Notice. Any Notes in that Series that have been redeemed and cancelled by the Issuer pursuant to 
Condition 6.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) at an Optional Redemption 
Amount equal to the Make-whole Amount shall not be considered as purchased and cancelled for the 
purposes of this Condition 6.4. 
6.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put/Change of Control Put) 
If  
(a) 
Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of 
any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, upon the expiry of such notice (the Investor Put Notice Period); and/or 
(b) 
Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a Put 
Event (as defined below) has occurred, upon the holder of any Note giving notice to the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) during the period ending on the 60th day following 
the public announcement of the relevant Change of Control (the CoC Put Notice Period), 
the Issuer will redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (which shall, unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms, be the Business Day which is 7 days after the expiration of the relevant 
notice period, i.e. the Investor Put Notice Period or the CoC Put Notice Period) and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling 
within the relevant notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the 
time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in 
which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 
the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent 
concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its 
control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this 
Note must, within the relevant notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise 
in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any

--- Page 85 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
85 
 
 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying Agent 
by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to 
time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6.5 shall be irrevocable 
except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, 
in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this Condition 6.5 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 9 (Events of Default). 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
(i) 
a Change of Control will be deemed to have occurred if Crédit Agricole ceases at any time to 
be the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of at least 50 per cent. of the issued voting share 
capital of Leasys; 
(ii) 
Crédit Agricole means Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance S.A. and thier subsidiaries from time 
to time and its successors or assigns; 
(iii) 
Investment Grade, with reference to a Rating, means a credit rating at least equal to BBB-/Baa3 
or better; 
(iv) 
a Negative Rating Action will be deemed to have occurred if: 
(A) 
a Rating that is Investment Grade is either withdrawn or reduced to below Investment 
Grade; or 
(B) 
a Rating that is already below Investment Grade is either withdrawn or lowered at 
least one notch (for illustration, Ba1 to Ba2 and BB+ to BB being one notch); 
(v) 
a Negative Rating Event will be deemed to have occurred if: 
(A) 
the Issuer does not, either prior to or not later than the 14th day after the date of the 
public announcement of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control, seek, and 
thereupon use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, a Rating; or 
(B) 
the Issuer does seek a Rating and use such endeavours to obtain it, but it is unable, as 
a result of such Change of Control, to obtain a Rating of Investment Grade; 
(vi) 
a Put Event will be deemed to have occurred if, during the period from and including the Issue 
Date to but excluding the Maturity Date, there occurs a Change of Control and, during the period 
ending on the 30th day after the date of the public announcement of the occurrence of the Change 
of Control, either (A) (if at the time that the Change of Control occurs there is a Rating) a Rating 
Downgrade resulting from that Change of Control occurs or (B) (if at such time there is no Rating) 
a Negative Rating Event resulting from that Change of Control occurs; 
(vii) 
Rating means any long-term rating assigned to the Issuer by any Rating Agency; 
(viii) 
Rating Agency means Moody's Investors Service Ltd. or any of its subsidiaries or their 
successors (Moody's), Fitch Ratings Ltd. or any of its subsidiaries or their successors (Fitch) and 
Standard & Poor's Rating Services, a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. or any of its 
subsidiaries or their successors (S&P), or any rating agency substituted for any of them (or any 
permitted substitute of them) from time to time; and

--- Page 86 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
86 
 
 
(ix) 
a Rating Downgrade will be deemed to have occurred if: 
(A) 
there are one or two then current Ratings and a Negative Rating Action occurs in 
relation to any such Rating; or 
(B) 
there are three then current Ratings and a Negative Rating Action occurs in relation to 
any two such Ratings; 
(x) 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (the first person) at any particular time, any other 
person (the second person): 
(A) 
whose affairs and policies the first person controls or has power to control, whether 
by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of 
the governing body of the second person or otherwise; or 
(B) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first person.  
6.6 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2 above:  
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount; 
and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
-actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365).  
6.7 
Purchases 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open

--- Page 87 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
87 
 
 
market or otherwise.  Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.  
6.8 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.7 above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot 
be reissued or resold. 
6.9 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 6.1, 6.2, 6.3 or 6.5 above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 
6.6(b) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon 
which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which 
is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect 
has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
7. 
TAXATION 
7.1 
Payment without Withholding 
All payments in respect of any Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature (Taxes) imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Relevant 
Jurisdiction, unless the withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required by law. In that event, the 
Issuer will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by 
the Noteholders and Couponholders after the withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts which would have been receivable in respect of any Notes or, as the case may be, Coupons 
in the absence of the withholding or deduction; except that no additional amounts shall be payable in 
relation to any payment in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
the holder of which is liable for Taxes in respect of any Note or Coupon by reason of having 
some connection with the Relevant Jurisdiction other than a mere holding of the Note or 
Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented for payment in any Relevant Jurisdiction; or 
(c) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in 
respect of any Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Relevant 
Jusrisdiction other than the mere holding of any Note or Coupon; or 
(d) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that a holder would have been entitled to additional amounts on presenting the

--- Page 88 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
88 
 
 
same for payment on the last day of the period of 30 days assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5 (Payments)); or 
(e) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, principal or other proceeds on account 
of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of l April 1996 or, for 
the avoidance of doubt, Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997,  and any 
related implementing regulations (as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to 
time); or 
(f) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, principal or other proceeds on account 
of withholding tax pursuant to Italian Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973 or 
pursuant to under Italian Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 and any related 
implementing regulations (as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time); 
or 
(g) 
by, or on behalf of, a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction in respect 
of any Note or Coupon by making a declaration or any other statement to the relevant tax 
authority, including, but not limited to, a declaration of residence or non-residence or other 
similar claim for exemption; or 
(h) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts are paid to a non-Italian resident legal 
entity or to a non-Italian resident individual either of which is resident in a country which does 
not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian authorities. 
7.2 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
Relevant Date means the date on which the payment first becomes due but, if the full amount of the 
money payable has not been received by the Principal Paying Agent on or before the due date, it means 
the date on which, the full amount of the money having been so received, notice to that effect has been 
duly given to the Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices); and 
Relevant Jurisdiction means the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in respect of payments 
made by it of principal and interest on the Notes and Coupons. 
7.3 
Additional Amounts 
Any reference in these Conditions to any amounts in respect of any Note or Coupon shall be deemed 
also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made 
within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5.2 (Payments 
– Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to 
Condition 5.2 (Payments – Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons).

--- Page 89 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
89 
 
 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events (each an Event of Default) occur: 
(a) 
there is a default for more than 14 days after the date when due in the payment of principal or 
interest (if any) due in respect of the Notes; or 
(b) 
there is a default in the performance of any other obligation under the Notes (i) which is 
incapable of remedy or (ii) which, being a default capable of remedy, continues for 30 days 
after written notice of such default has been given through the Principal Payng Agent by the 
holder of any Note to the Issuer; or 
(c) 
if:  
(A) 
any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of the Issuer (other than 
the Notes) in an aggregate principal amount of €50,000,000 or more or its equivalent 
in any other currency is declared prematurely repayable by reason of a default in the 
payment thereof and such acceleration has not been validly waived, rescinded or 
annulled within 10 Business Days of the declaration thereof or otherwise in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Indebtedness for Borrowed Money; 
(B) 
the Issuer fails to honour any guarantee for Indebtedness for Borrowed Money in an 
aggregate amount of €50,000,000 or more or its equivalent in any other currency; or 
(d) 
if any final order shall be made by any competent court or other authority or resolution passed 
by the Issuer for the dissolution, liquidation, examinership, administration or winding-up of 
the Issuer or for the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, examiner or trustee of the Issuer or 
of all or a substantial part of their respective assets; or 
(e) 
if the Issuer shall stop payment or shall be unable to, or shall admit to creditors generally an 
inability to pay its debts as they fall due, or shall be finally adjudicated or found bankrupt or 
insolvent, or shall enter into any composition or other arrangement with its creditors generally; 
or 
(f) 
if the Issuer ceases, or threatens to cease, to carry on business unless such cessation, or 
threatened cessation, is in connection with a merger, consolidation or any other form of 
combination with another company and such company in the case of the Issuer, assumes all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, declare any 
Notes held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith 
due and payable at their principal amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of 
repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind 
For the purposes of this Condition 9: 
Business Day means a day on which commercial banks settle payments and are open for general 
business in London and Turin; and  
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any loan or other indebtedness for borrowed money, 
present or future, of any person.

--- Page 90 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
90 
 
 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity 
as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above.  If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with 
any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided 
that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent;  
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated.  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.4 (Payments – General provisions applicable to 
payments).  Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be 
given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder.  The 
Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or 
converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to 
become the successor agent. 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8 
(Prescription). 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if (a) published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and (b) if and for so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market, and listed on the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin published on Euronext Dublin’s website, www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. It 
is expected that such publication will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also

--- Page 91 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
91 
 
 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange 
or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority if required by those rules.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date 
of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of 
the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the 
Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those 
rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying 
Agent.  Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any 
holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
14.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the modification or abrogation by Resolution (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement) of any of these Conditions. Such provisions are subject to compliance with 
the mandatory laws, legislation, rules and regulations of Italy applicable to the Issuer from time to 
time and, where applicable Italian law so requires, the Issuer's by-laws, including any amendment, 
restatement or re-enactment of such laws, legislation, rules and regulations (or, where applicable, the 
Issuer’s by-laws) taking effect at any time. 
Any such meeting may be convened by the Board of Directors of the Issuer or the Noteholders’ 
Representative (as defined below) at their discretion and they shall without delay convene any such 
meeting upon a request in writing signed by the holders of not less than one-twentieth of the nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. If they delay in convening such a meeting 
following such a request, the meeting may be convened by the Issuer’s Board of Statutory Auditors or 
by a decision of the competent Court upon request by such Noteholders. Every such meeting shall be 
held at such time and place as provided pursuant to Article 2363 of the Italian Civil Code and to the 
applicable provisions of the Issuer’s by-laws. 
Any such meeting will be validly held if (i) in the case of  an Initial Meeting (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement), there are one or more persons present holding Notes or voting certificates or being proxies 
and holding or representing in aggregate more than one half of the nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding; (ii) in the case of an Adjourned Meeting (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement), there are one or more persons present holding Notes or voting certificates or being proxies 
and holding or representing in aggregate more than one third of the nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding.

--- Page 92 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
92 
 
 
The majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) other 
than a Reserved Matter (as defined in the Agency Ageement) will be (subject to the applicable Italian 
laws and the Issuer’s by-laws in force from time to time) (i) in the case of an Initial Meeting, one or 
more persons holding or representing more than one half of the nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding and (ii) in the case of an Adjourned Meeting, at least two thirds of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes represented at the meeting; or to vote on a Reserved Matter 
the majority will be the higher of (i) one or more persons holding or representing not less than one 
half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes and (ii) one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than two thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
represented at the meeting.  
The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement by the majority specified above cast on such resolution, or 
(ii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) by the majority 
specified above shall, in each case and to the extent permitted by under the applicable law, be effective 
as a resolution of the Noteholders. Any resolution duly passed at any such meeting of the Noteholders 
will be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all 
Couponholders. 
14.2 
Noteholders’ representative 
A representative of the Noteholders (rappresentante comune) (the Noteholders’ Representative), 
subject to applicable provisions of Italian law, may be appointed pursuant to Article 2417 of the Italian 
Civil Code in order to represent the Noteholders’ interests under these Conditions and to give effect 
to resolutions passed at a meeting of the Noteholders. If the Noteholders’ Representative is not 
appointed by a resolution of such Noteholders, the Noteholders’ Representative shall be appointed by 
a decree of the Court where the Issuer has its registered office at the request of one or more Noteholders 
or at the request of the Directors of the Issuer. The Noteholders’ Representative shall remain appointed 
for a maximum period of three fiscal years but may be reappointed again thereafter. 
14.3 
Modification 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased 
quorum is required as mentioned above) of any of these Conditions or any of the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement either (i) for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing, correcting or 
supplementing any manifest or proven error or any other defective provision contained herein or 
therein or for the purpose of making any modification of a formal, minor or technical nature. or (ii) in 
any other manner (other than a Reserved Matter and to the extent permitted by applicable law) which 
is not, in the sole opinion of the Issuer, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any 
modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, unless the Principal 
Paying Agent agrees otherwise, any modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders as 
soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
For the avoidance of doubt, any variation of Condition 4.3 and the Agency Agreement to give effect 
to the Benchamark Amendments in accordance with Condition shall not require the consent or 
approval of Noteholders or Couponholders. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the

--- Page 93 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
93 
 
 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
17.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the 
Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law, save for 
Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modification) and the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement concerning the meeting of Noteholders and the appointment of the Noteholders’ 
Representative (rappresentante comune) in respect of the Notes which are subject to compliance with 
mandatory provisions of Italian law. 
17.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, 
validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their 
nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer 
and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 17.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts 
on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
17.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Leasys UK Ltd at its registered office as its agent for service of process 
in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of 
such agent being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another 
person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute. The Issuer agrees that 
failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service.  Nothing herein shall 
affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
17.4 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of 
the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those 
set out above.

--- Page 94 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
94 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit and refinancing of existing indebtedness. If, in respect of an issue, there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where the “Reasons for the offer” item of the applicable Final Terms refers to “Green Bonds”, the Issuer 
intends to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from such issue of Notes specifically to finance or 
refinance Eligible Green Projects, as defined below. Such Notes may also be referred to as Green Bonds. 
Eligible Green Projects means projects identified as such in the Issuer’s green bond framework (as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time, the Green Bond Framework) which will be available for 
viewing on the Issuer’s website at https://corporate.leasys.com/english/investor-relations before a Green Bond 
is issued and shall remain so available for so long as the Issuer has Green Bonds outstanding.  
The Issuer has obtained a second-party opinion from an external environmental, social and corporate 
governance research and analysis provider (the Second Party Opinion), to confirm the Green Bond 
Framework’s alignment with the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles. 
The 
Second 
Party 
Opinion 
will 
be 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://corporate.leasys.com/english/investor-relations before a Green Bond is issued and shall remain so 
available for so long as the Issuer has Green Bonds outstanding. 
Eligible Green Projects have been (or will be, as the case may be) selected by the Issuer from time to time in 
accordance with the categorisation of eligibility for Green Bonds set out in the Green Bond Framework. The 
criteria for qualification as Eligible Green Projects under the Green Bond Framework may change from time 
to time. Recognising that the green bond market and best practices are still evolving, the Issuer will strive to 
monitor market developments and, when deemed necessary in the Issuer’s sole discretion, make appropriate 
updates to the Green Bond Framework in order to reflect best market practice.  
Decisions relating to the choice and financing of Eligible Green Projects will be made by Leasys Finance 
Department.  
The allocation of proceeds from Green Bonds will be carefully managed and overseen by the Leasys Finance 
Department according to the applicable specific Green Bonds procedures.  
Any proceeds of Green Bonds not yet allocated to Eligible Green Projects will be deposited on the Leasys’ 
bank accounts. Such cash position will be used to finance the Eligible Green Projects originated by Leasys 
after the issuance date. 
The allocation of the net proceeds of Green Bonds will be verified by the Issuer’s external auditor. 
The Issuer will publish a yearly report which will describe the use of proceeds and adherence to the criteria 
for qualification as Eligible Green Projects set out in the Green Bond Framework and will be generally 
available on the Issuer’s website at https://corporate.leasys.com/english/investor-relations for so long as the 
Issuer has Green Bonds outstanding. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available 
in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects to fulfil 
any environmental and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, neither any such opinion or certification 
nor the Green Bond Framework are, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Neither such opinion or certification nor the Green Bond Framework are, nor should be deemed 
to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such 
Green Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as at the date that opinion or certification was

--- Page 95 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
95 
 
 
initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for 
the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications 
are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors in any Green 
Bonds should also refer to the risk factor above headed, "In respect of Notes issued as Green Bonds there can 
be no assurance that the particular use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor". 
Any additional information related to the use of proceeds will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 96 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
96 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
1. 
OVERVIEW 
Leasys Italia S.p.A. or briefly Leasys S.p.A. (Leasys) was incorporated under the laws of the Republic 
of Italy on 27 October 2000 with a limited duration to 31 December 2100, and is currently incorporated 
in the form of a joint-stock company (societá per azioni) with a sole shareholder (socio unico) pursuant 
to the provisions of the Italian Civil Code and operating under the laws of the Republic of Italy. It is 
registered at the company registry in Turin, Italy under number 08083020019 and has its registered 
office at Corso Orbassano 367, 10137 Turin, Italy, investor relations telephone number +39 011 
7732952. Leasys’ website is https://corporate.leasys.com/english. The information on this website and 
any other website specified in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except 
where that information has been specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”).  
Leasys is the holding company, as well as the Italian operational company, of the Group. Leasys is 
currently one of Europe’s largest integrated transportation and rental operators in the Italian long-term 
rental market for light commercial vehicles (16.66 per cent. market share as at 30 June 2024) and a 
key player in the passenger cars segment (13.32 per cent. market share as at 30 June 2024)12. As at 30 
June 2024, Leasys’ net value of the vehicles was approximately €7.9 billion, with a fleet of about 570 
thousand vehicles under management (compared to 509 thousand as at 31 December 2023), of which 
Stellantis’s brands account for approximately 85 per cent. of the Group’s vehicles. 
As at 30 June 2024, Leasys’ authorised share capital was €77,979,400 divided into 77,979,400 
ordinary shares with a nominal value of €1 each. Leasys’ sole shareholder is Leasys SAS (as defined 
above). Leasys SAS is a French multi-brand operating leasing company in which Stellantis and Crédit 
Agricole Consumer Finance (each as defined above) hold a 50 per cent. stake each. 
Up until December 2022, Leasys was wholly owned by CA Auto Bank (at that time, FCA Bank S.p.A., 
as described under “Risk Factors – Leasys is dependent on its shareholders” above). CA Auto Bank 
was the result of a joint venture between FCA Italy – as defined above, a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Stellantis – and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance operating in the consumer credit sector, each 
holding 50 per cent. of CA Auto Bank’s issued share capital. 
In the context of the reorganisation of CA Auto Bank and Leasys, on 17 December 2021, Crédit 
Agricole Consumer Finance and Stellantis announced that they had entered into negotiations in order 
to agree upon, inter alia, the CACF Share Purchase and the Leasys Share Sale (each as defined above). 
The parties entered into binding agreements on 1 April 2022 to give effect to the Leasys Share Sale. 
On 21 December 2022, the sale of the Group by CA Auto Bank to a newly created joint venture vehicle 
pursuant to the Leasys Share Sale became effective and, on 3 April 2023, Stellantis, Crédit Agricole 
and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance entered into the new JVA. The new JV End Date is 30 April 
2032 and shall be automatically renewed for 3-years periods unless either shareholder decides against 
any such renewal. For further information please see paragraph “7. Funding (Financial Liabilities)” 
below. 
Following the sale of the Group by CA Auto Bank, the rating assigned by Fitch to Leasys was 
upgraded in January 2021. The rating action reflects the completed spin-off of Leasys from its former 
shareholder, FCA Bank (now CA Auto Bank) to its current shareholders, Crédit Agricole Consumer 
Finance and Stellantis. Such rating was most recently confirmed in June 202413.  
 
12 Source: https://www.dataforce.de/it/tutte-le-notizie/focus-noleggio-aniasa-dataforce-secondo-trimestre-2024/  
13 https://corporate.leasys.com/corporate/investor-relations/ratings-2024/fitch-affirms-leasys-at-a-outlook-stable-ENG.pdf

--- Page 97 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
97 
 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Leasys is subject to the management and coordination of Leasys 
SAS. 
Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance and Stellantis consolidated Leasys’ business volumes with the 
business volumes stemming from the activites formerly managed by PSA (as defined below) since 
2017 under the “Free2Move Lease” brand name and since 2021 as Stellantis brand, in Leasys SAS, in 
order to create a pan-European leasing joint venture and leveraging the Leasys Group entities across 
Europe. Leasys and Free2Move Lease both operate a leasing business for, respectively, the former 
FCA brands and the former PSA and Opel brands. For further information please see paragraph “2. 
History and Development” below. 
Under a service agreement between Leasys and CA Auto Bank, entered into at the same time at which 
the CACF Share Purchase was completed, CA Auto Bank will continue to provide certain services in 
favour of the Group, to provide a smooth operational transition. 
On 3 April 2023, the Issuer changed its legal name from Leasys S.p.A. to Leasys Italia S.p.A. or briefly 
Leasys S.p.A. 
2. 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT 
2.1 
History and development of Leasys 
Leasys started business in 2001 as a joint venture (the Initial Joint Venture) between SEI S.p.A., a 
company belonging to the group controlled by ENEL S.p.A., and Savarent S.p.A. (Savarent), a 
company belonging to the Fiat group (predecessor to the current Stellantis group).  
In November 2005, the Initial Joint Venture was terminated by the parties and in 2006 Leasys became 
subject to a joint venture between Fiat Auto S.p.A. (currently FCA Italy as defined above) and Sofinco 
S.A. (currently Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance as defined above), creating Fiat Auto Financial 
Services S.p.A. (currently CA Auto Bank S.p.A.), of which Leasys and other legal entities were fully 
owned subsidiaries. A stock purchase agreement was signed on 14 October 2006 and the transaction 
was approved by the European Antitrust Commission on 5 December 2006. On 28 December 2006, 
the joint venture agreement was executed and became effective, providing for a minimum term of 
eight years and the possibility of being indefinitely extended thereafter. On 1 January 2009, Fiat Group 
Automobiles Financial Services S.p.A. (formerly known as Fiat Auto Financial Services S.p.A.) 
changed its name to FGA Capital S.p.A and subsequently, on 14 January 2015, to FCA Bank S.p.A. 
(which, as described above, changed its name to CA Auto Bank S.p.A. on 3 April 2023). 
Since December 2006, FCA Italy, Crédit Agricole and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance, as the 
original parties to the JVA (as defined above), have entered into various JVA Amendments (as defined 
above) to, amongst other things, extend the duration of the JVA. On 18 July 2019, FCA Italy, Crédit 
Agricole and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance, entered into the Agreement to, amongst other things, 
extend the duration of the JVA with respect to CA Auto Bank up to the End Date (as defined above) 
with effect from 19 July 2019, and with the possibility to automatically extend the JVA, unless a 
termination notice has been served three years prior to the End Date. On 17 December 2021, Crédit 
Agricole Consumer Finance and Stellantis announced that they had entered into negotiations in order 
to redefine their cooperation in CA Auto Bank and Leasys, resulting in the Leasys Share Sale and the 
CACF Share Purchase – see further under “—Overview” above. The Leasys Share Sale took place on 
21 December 2022 and on 3 April 2023 the CACF Share Purchase was completed, therefore the JVA 
was terminated and CA Auto Bank became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Crédit Agricole Consumer 
Finance. 
On 1 January 2010, Leasys merged with Savarent, one of the other subsidiaries of the joint venture, 
operating in the rental business and, in 2017, started an internationalisation programme to expand its

--- Page 98 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
98 
 
 
operations across Europe. Since then Leasys has consolidated pre-existing operations of the rental 
companies of the CA Auto Bank group in France, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. At the 
same time, Leasys also entered new European territories as greenfield projects and diversified its 
operations through additional acquisitions of short-term rental companies in Europe on the market. 
On 3 April 2023, Leasys and Free2Move Lease consolidated into a single joint venture combining the 
strengths of the two companies: Leasys' direct approach towards large accounts and multi-brand 
customers and Free2move Lease's indirect approach to small and medium enterprises through its 
networks. Such consolidation represented a genuine upgrade providing innovative products, quality 
services and digital platforms to international corporate customers as well as to small and medium 
enterprises. Furthermore, it created a single player which, as at 30 June 2024, is present in 11 European 
countries14. 
In April 2023 Stellantis and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance announced the signing of a binding 
agreement for the acquisition of ALD Automotive group and the activities of LeasePlan Corporation 
N.V. (LeasePlan Corporation) in Portugal and Luxembourg. Upon successful completion of the 
operation, Leasys would host the activities of ALD Automotive group in Portugal and LeasePlan 
Corporation in Luxembourg for a total of approximately 30,000 vehicles. 
On 3 August 2023, Leasys announced the acquisition of ALD Automotive and LeasePlan Corporation 
activities in Portugal and Luxemburg, respectively. The acquisition follows the binding agreement 
signed by Stellantis and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance for the acquisition of ALD Automotive 
group and the activities of LeasePlan Corporation in Portugal and Luxemburg. This transaction grew 
Leasys active fleet by around 30,000 vehicles, thus contributing to the business achieving the 
ambitious target of 1 million vehicles by 2026 and accelerating the development of Leasys in strategic 
European countries, in line with the ambitions of being ranked among the European leaders in 
automotive financing. 
2.2 
Merger of FCA and Peugeot S.A. 
On 31 October 2019, FCA announced that the Supervisory Board of Peugeot S.A. (PSA) and the Board 
of Directors of FCA had each unanimously agreed to work towards a full combination of their 
respective businesses by way of a 50/50 merger (the FCA/PSA Merger). 
On 18 December 2019, FCA announced that FCA and PSA had signed a binding combination 
agreement providing for a 50/50 merger of their businesses to create the 4th largest global automotive 
original equipment manufacturer (OEM) by volume and 3rd largest by revenue, creating an industry 
leader with the management, capabilities, resources and scale to successfully capitalize on the 
opportunities presented by the new era in sustainable transportation. 
Following the approval by shareholders and receipt of the final regulatory clearances over the course 
of the previous month, including notably from the European Commission and the European Central 
Bank, FCA and PSA announced on 16 January 2021 that the FCA/PSA Merger had been completed. 
The new group’s Dutch-domiciled parent company is listed on the Euronext Paris exchange and on 
the Euronext Milan exchange effective 18 January 2021 and on the New York Stock Exchange 
effective 19 January 2021. 
 
14 Italy, Spain, France, Germany, Belgium, the Netherlands, Portugal, Poland, Luxembourg, Austria and the United Kingdom.

--- Page 99 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
99 
 
 
3. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
3.1 
Principal Activities 
The Group’s offer meets the different transportation needs of a broad range of customers from large 
corporates to SMEs and private individuals. This integrated transportation offer provides 
comprehensive solutions to customers increasingly looking for tailor-made services. Leasys operates 
two business lines: Long-Term Rental and Remarketing of used vehicles. 
Long-Term Rental: Leasys’ activities include the provision of vehicles, on a long-term rental basis 
(typically between 24 and 60 months), to a broad spectrum of customers: private consumers, small 
and medium enterprises, large corporates and public institutions. The innovative rental solutions 
offered by Leasys are accompanied by a wide range of transportation services for a fixed monthly fee, 
an offer designed to cover any cost associated with the vehicle, enabling customers to control cost 
while benefitting from the professional support of Leasys’ network. Leasys is currently one of 
Europe’s largest integrated transportation and rental operators in the Italian long-term rental market 
for light commercial vehicles (16.66 per cent. market share as at 30 June 2024) and a key player in the 
passenger cars segment (13.32 per cent. market share as at 30 June 2024)15. Leasys makes product 
innovation one of its competitive advantages. For further information please see paragraph “4. 
Strategy” below. 
Remarketing of used vehicles: The Group operates online and offline sales activities of pre-owned 
cars from its own fleet under the Clickar brand. Through the Clickar.com portal, Leasys provides both 
professional and private customers a wide range of selected pre-owned cars. The Clickar platform is 
a digital marketplace for buying and selling pre-owned vehicles. The quality of the product is 
guaranteed by the certified origin of the vehicles and their complete maintenance records. Each car for 
sale is complete with 360° photos and independent experts’ appraisal reports. 
3.2 
Other Activities 
On 7 December 2022, Leasys issued a €750 million bond maturing on 7 December 2024. A further 
issuance of €750 million was issued on 26 July 2023, maturing on 26 July 2026 and a €600 million 
bond was issued on 16 November 2023, maturing on 16 February 2027. In December 2022, Leasys 
also launched a €1,100-million securitisation programme (LABIRS-1) backed by Italian rental 
agreements. 
In addition, during the first half of 2024, Leasys issued the following bonds:  
- 
on 5 January 2024, €100 million unsecured senior bonds maturing in January 2027; 
- 
on 26 February 2024, €40 million unsecured senior bonds maturing in February 2029; 
- 
on 1 March 2024, €500 million unsecured senior bonds maturing in March 2028; 
- 
on 29 April 2024, €245 million unsecured senior bonds maturing in April 2026; 
- 
on 29 April 2024, €55 million unsecured senior bonds maturing in April 2026.  
 
15 Source: https://www.dataforce.de/it/tutte-le-notizie/focus-noleggio-aniasa-dataforce-secondo-trimestre-2024/

--- Page 100 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
100 
 
 
3.3 
Credit rating of the Issuer 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's long-term debt is rated A- with a stable outlook, by 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. Please note that a rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold 
securities. It may, at any time, be suspended, modified, or withdrawn by the rating agency concerned.  
4. 
STRATEGY 
Leasys’ strategy continues to be articulated around the following main development areas:  
o Corporate and Social Responsibility:  
- Leasys’ strategy to accelerate the transition is based on three key elements designed to foster 
the demand for low emission vehicles (LEV) powertrains. 
- Cooperate with F2MeSol and other providers in the development of electric recharge solutions 
to address customer needs by investing in the development of products tailored to those 
customers approaching the new electric technologies for the first time and that need to be 
comforted through mobility offers designed to facilitate the experience. 
- Invest in the development of products tailored to the needs of customers that are looking to 
transition to electric mobility structurally and require bespoke products and services to ensure 
this is effective. 
- Adopt a responsible life cycle management promoting access to sustainable and second-hand 
products through dedicated rental offers (Come Nuovo/As New/Re Use). 
o Innovation: Award-winning innovation has always been a hallmark of Leasys’ competitive 
position. Over the years the company has developed flexible rental formulas in terms of 
duration such as “Be Free” or mileage through the pay-per-use product “Leasys Miles”. 
Leasys’ innovation has been rewarded by Consumers with awards such as “Product of the 
Year” for Be Free (2019), Noleggio Chiaro or “Smart Renting” (2020) and “Leasys Miles” 
(2021) within the category of automotive services. 
o Digitalisation: 
- Another cornerstone of Leasys’ strategy is its ambitious digital transformation process. The 
Group’s strong focus on digitalisation and optimisation of systems and processes, is aimed at 
providing to the Issuer’s existing and potential clients a “best in class” customer experience 
by means of more transparent and hassle-free sales and after sales process. 
- This represents the first piece of an ambitious plan taking place across the Group’s 
geographical footprint, with the objective of setting up and deploying a fully digital sales and 
onboarding process. 
- Furthermore, digitalisation forms an integral part of the Leasys sustainability plan. The 
dematerialisation of documents, digital signatures and more efficient processes will contribute 
to reducing the Group’s environmental impact, as does a concrete commitment to contribute 
to the energy transition by continuing to invest in products and offers that encourage the 
transition from traditional internal combustion engines to electrified cars.

--- Page 101 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
101 
 
 
5. 
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 
Within the context of climate change and the challenges it presents globally, Leasys believes that the 
mobility industry has a responsibility to minimize its CO₂ footprint. 
With a fleet of 570,000 vehicles under its management as at 30 June 2024, Leasys is one of Europe’s 
largest leasing and rental operators and, in turn, bears a responsibility to lead the transition towards a 
more sustainable mobility system. 
Since 2021, Leasys strategy adopted an ESG policy, which sets out the principles it has followed in 
terms of environmental, social and governance sustainability. 
Leasys has chosen to locate its European headquarters in Rome by moving to the Arte 25 office 
complex, the only new-generation building in the city of Rome to obtain the LEED PLATINUM 
certification16. 
In line with their commitment and goals, Leasys has developed and implemented a global strategy 
based on low-emission mobility, as well as environmental and social responsibility. 
On 23 April 2024, Leasys announced a new partnership with Treedom, the first platform that allows 
stakeholders to plant trees at a distance and follow the story of the project online. The collaboration, 
entitled “From Rent to Plant”, enforces positive and sustainable practices in improving environmental 
impact.   
6. 
OUTLOOK  
6.1 
Inflationary pressures and geopolitical tensions 
In the context of an economic contraction and uncertainty maily due to inflationary pressures and an 
unfavourable geopolitical picture, the Group continued to increase the net value of its vehicles fleet 
(€7.9 billion net book value in the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2024 compared to €6.7 
billion as at 31 December 2023). 
The Russian invasion of Ukraine and its ongoing economic impact, including rising energy and 
commodity prices, disruption in international trade and weaker confidence, have had a significant 
impact on economic activity and inflation. The widening geopolitical tensions linked to the conflict in 
Middle East and its impact on the gross domestic product growth and inflation, may have repercussions 
on commodity prices and consequences on global procurement. As a consequence, expectations 
regarding the performance of the global economy remain uncertain in the short and medium term.  
Inflationary pressures may have an adverse effect on Leasys business. The Group’s business and 
operations may be affected by the current high inflation, which can be attributed to a variety of reasons, 
including disruptions in supply chains due to local or sector-specific factors, the related shortage of 
vehicles on the market, the Russian invasion of Ukraine, and increasing energy and fuel prices. 
The inflationary pressures are expected to put upward pressure on Leasys’ financial costs and 
expenses, which might not be passed through to final customers. 
Despite the economic downturn and geopolitical crises, which have also affected the automotive 
sector, the Leasys Group’s commercial activity in 2023 helped consolidate its position as one of the 
leaders in the Italian market and continue its growth path at European level. 
 
16 LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) is the most widely used green building rating system in the 
world. It provides a framework for healthy, high-efficiency and energy-efficient green buildings.

--- Page 102 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
102 
 
 
7. 
FUNDING (FINANCIAL LIABILITIES) 
The non-current liabilities of the Issuer as at 30 June 2024 amounted to €4.9 billion and primarily 
consist of bonds issued, including, a bond issued in December 2022 (for a principal amount of €750 
million) with a maturity in December 2024, a bond issued in July 2023 (for a principal amount of €750 
million) with a maturity in July 2026, a bond issued in November 2023 (for a principal amount of €600 
million) with a maturity in February 2027, a bond issued in January 2024 (for a principal amount of 
€100 million) with a maturity in January 2027, a bond issued in February 2024 (for a principal amount 
of €40 million) with a maturity in February 2029, a bond issued in March 2024 (for a principal amount 
of €500 million) with a maturity in March 2028, a bond issued in April 2024 (for a principal amount 
of €245 million) with a maturity in April 2026, a bond issued in April 2024 (for a principal amount of 
€55 million) with a maturity in April 2026, as well as a securitisation programme started in December 
2022 amounting to €1,100 million and bank loans with a maturity beyond twelve months. The current 
liabilities of the Issuer as at 30 June 2024 amounted to €5.3 billion and primarily consist of bank loans. 
 
Leasys benefits from the financial support of the Crédit Agricole Group, according to a funding 
agreement regulated by the new JVA. The funding support of Crédit Agricole Group represents a key 
element of Leasys’ overall financial strategy and has the following key characteristics: 
• 
constant availability of funding throughout the duration of the new JVA; 
• 
priced at market terms (on an arm’s length basis); 
• 
sized to fulfil Leasys’ funding needs even in the most stressful scenarios. 
Notwithstanding the above, it is nevertheless a primary goal of Leasys to finance itself autonomously 
on the markets, which it intends to achieve by continuing its funding diversification strategy aimed at 
strengthening its liquidity position, by approaching new investors and accessing new 
markets/products.   
8. 
LITIGATION 
The majority of legal proceedings brought against Leasys involve disputes arising from claims brought 
against Leasys as the owner of vehicles involved in car accidents.  
Leasys recognises provisions for risks and liabilities in relation to current obligations (either legal or 
constructive) as a result of a past event or events, when it is probable that an outflow of resources will 
be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate of the amount is made, in accordance with 
IAS 37. As at 31 December 2023, the provision for legal disputes was €737 thousand. New provisions 
of €351 thousand were made during the year ended on 31 December 2023. Other cases in which Leasys 
is involved as a vehicle owner involve disputes in which the Issuer has been sued by the owner of a 
vehicle and/or injured party involved in a car accident. A minority of cases also relate to lawsuits 
arising from defects in the vehicles sold. 
9. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The diagram below sets out the structure of the Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
HOLDING 
LEASYS SAS 
SUB-HOLDING 
LEASYS ITALIA S.p.A.

--- Page 103 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
103 
 
 
BRANCHES LTR 
Leasys S.p.A. (Spanish Branch) 
 
Leasys S.p.A. (German Branch) 
 
Leasys S.p.A. (Belgian Branch) 
 
 
SUBSIDIARIES LTR 
Leasys France S.A.S. (FR) 
 
Leasys UK Ltd. (UK) 
 
Leasys Polska Sp.Zoo (PL) 
 
Leasys Nederland B.V. (NL) 
 
Leasys Portugal SA (PT) 
 
Leasys Austria GmbH (AT) 
Leasys Mobility Portugal SA (PT – formerly 
ALD Portugal) 
Leasys Luxemburg S.A. (LX – formerly 
Leaseplan Luxemburg S.A.) 
 
Clickar S.r.l. – Remarketing 
 
10. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
10.1 
Board of Directors 
The table below sets out certain information regarding the members of the board of directors of Leasys 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Name 
Position 
Year first appointed to 
the Board of Directors 
Principal Offices Outside of the 
Group 
R. D’Arco ............... 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
and 
General Manager 
2021 
None 
A. Faina .................. 
Director                    
(non-executive) 
2013  
Stellantis Group – Head of 
Financial Services; Fidis S.p.A. – 
CEO and General Manager 
A. Delautre……… 
Director 
(non-executive) 
2024 
None

--- Page 104 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
104 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Year first appointed to 
the Board of Directors 
Principal Offices Outside of the 
Group 
R. Bouligny ............   Chairman 
2020 
CA Consumer Finance S.A. – 
Head of International Automotive 
Partnerships 
The business address of each member of the board of directors is Corso Orbassano 367, 10137 Turin, 
Italy. 
10.2 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
As at 30 June 2024, the board of statutory auditors is composed of three regular auditors and two 
alternate auditors, and it is appointed for a period of three financial years. 
The board of statutory auditors is assigned the tasks referred to in the first paragraph of art. 2403 of 
the Italian Civil Code. 
Following the resolutions adopted at the shareholders’ meeting of 29 March 2022 the board of 
statutory auditors is currently made up of the Chairman Giorgio Cavalitto, the regular auditors Luca 
Ambroso and Ottavio De Marco, and the alternate auditors Giovanni Miglietta and Federico Lozzi. Its 
term of office will expire on the date of the General Meeting of Shareholders convened to approve the 
financial statements for the fiscal year as at 31 December 2024.  
Other principal activities performed by the Statutory Auditors of Leasys which are significant for the 
Issuer are listed below: 
Giorgio Cavalitto 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of CIE S.p.A. unipersonale in liquidazione  
• 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Comitato per le finali A.T.P. 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Lazzero Tecnologie S.r.l. 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Marelli Automotive Lighting Italy S.p.A. 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Transenergia S.r.l. 
• 
Sole Auditor of Bolidea S.r.l. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of FCA F&T S.r.l. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of FCA Partecipazioni S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Impresa Grassetto S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Iveco S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Magnesium Components Verres S.r.l. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Marelli Europe S.p.A.

--- Page 105 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
105 
 
 
• 
Statutory Auditor of SEA Segnaletica Stradale S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Teksid S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Teksid Aluminum S.r.l. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of TERNA interconnector S.r.l. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of TR.E. Oil Transport S.r.l. 
Luca Ambroso 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Alfa Romeo S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of CNH Industrial Services S.r.l. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Comau Partecipazioni S.r.l. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Drivalia S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of FCA Partecipazioni S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Free2Move Esolutions S.r.l. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Iveco Capital Solutioins S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Iveco Defence Vehicles S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Magnesium Components Verres S.r.l. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Safit S.r.l. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Simco S.r.l. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Stellantis 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Teksid S.p.A. 
Ottavio De Marco 
• 
Chairman of the Audit Committee of Fondazione La Quadriennale di Roma 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of I.F. – Mariano Stelliferi S.r.l. 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of PET/TAC – Casa di Cura PIO XI S.r.l. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Ales – Arte Lavoro e Servizi S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Centro Immagini RM-TAC S.r.l. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Saipem S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Società Esercizi Cave Edilizie – S.E.C.E. S.p.A.

--- Page 106 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
106 
 
 
10.3 
Committees and Meetings 
The Group’s internal control system includes Internal Audit, Risk & Permanent Control, and 
Compliance functions. These functions (which are independent from an organizational point of view) 
operate by maintaining a constant link with the corresponding functions of the parent company CA 
Auto Bank. In particular, "Compliance" and "Risk & Permanent Control" report to the CEO, and the 
Internal Audit function reports directly to the Board of Directors. From an operational point of view, 
the system of internal controls is articulated on three levels: 
1. First-level controls, to ensure the correct performance of daily operations and individual 
transactions, are carried out by operational structures or incorporated into IT procedures; 
2. Second-level controls are designed to contribute to the definition of risk measurement 
methodologies and to check the consistency of transactions with risk objectives. They are 
performed by non-operational units, specifically "Risk & Permanent Control" and 
"Compliance"; and 
3. Third-level controls, carried out by the Internal Audit function, in order to identify abnormal 
trends, breaches of procedures and regulations, as well as to evaluate the functioning of the 
overall system of internal controls. 
In addition to the above, the Issuer’s Internal Controls’ system is completed by the following elements 
providing complete and robust governance: 
Internal control committee: the mission of the Internal Control Committee (ICC) is to monitor the 
results of the reviews carried out by the control functions, in order to: 
• 
examine the findings of the audit activity; 
• 
inform about the progress of the action plans; 
• 
present the audit plan and its progress; and 
• 
analyse any issues arising from the evaluation of the internal control system. 
In addition, the ICC incorporates the functions of an anti-fraud committee to monitor fraud events, the 
effectiveness of fraud prevention arrangements and the adequacy of fraud detection systems. 
The ICC meets quarterly. The presence of the CEO guarantees the high level of attention paid to the 
internal control system, allowing him, in his capacity as person in charge of the implementation of the 
necessary operational and adjustment actions in the event of deficiencies or anomalies, to have a 
complete and integrated overview of the results of the control activities effected. 
Supervisory Board: the Supervisory Board of the Issuer has been established to oversee the proper 
application of the compliance programme and the Code of Conduct, so as to prevent cases of 
administrative liability under Legislative Decree 231/01.  
The Supervisory Board:  
• 
meets at least quarterly and reports periodically to the CEO and General Manager, the Board 
of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors; 
• 
carries out periodic checks on the real ability of the Compliance programme to prevent the 
commission of offences, making use, as a rule, of the Compliance, Internal Audit, and Risk &

--- Page 107 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
107 
 
 
Permanent Control Functions and obtaining support from other internal functions that, from 
time to time, are necessary to that effect. 
The Issuer’s Supervisory Board is composed of the Head of Compliance and the Head of Legal of 
Leasys and an external professional, with experience in legal matters, called to participate as Chair. 
10.4 
Potential Conflict of Interest 
As described above, Leasys’ sole shareholder is Leasys SAS. 
Other than as set out in the table above under "Principal Offices Outside of the Group" in paragraph 10.1, 
the directors of Leasys do not hold any principal executive directorship outside of the Group which 
are significant with respect to the Issuer, and there are no potential conflicts of interest of the members 
of the board of directors of Leasys between their duties to the Issuer and their private interests and/or 
other duties. 
Subject as aforesaid, there are no potential conflicts of interest of the members of Leasys’ board of 
directors, senior management team or board of statutory auditors between their duties to Leasys and 
their private interests or other duties.  
11. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
On 12 July 2024, Leasys issued €500,000,000 notes under the Programme with a fixed rate coupon 
set at 3.875 per cent. This transaction represented the fourth public issuance under the Programme, 
attracting a very high-quality order book of Euro 3.5 billion from over 200 investors. This issuance, 
the second one in 2024, further strengthened the Group’s funding position, confirming the investors’ 
confidence in Leasys.

--- Page 108 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
108 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
The following tables set forth summary consolidated financial information of Issuer and is derived from the 
Financial Statements. 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet  
In Euros (thousands) 
 
 
 
Assets 
As at 30/06/2024 
As at 31/12/2023 
As at 31/12/2022(*) 
Vehicles
 ..................................... 
7,861,075 
6,748,326 
4,859,709 
Other tangible assets
 ..................................... 
2,296 
2,343 
2,518 
Rights 
of 
use
 ..................................... 
19,240 
20,848 
32,795 
Goodwill
 ..................................... 
108,274 
107,571 
81,212 
Other intangible assets
 ..................................... 
94,988 
100,756 
30,083 
Equity 
investments
 ..................................... 
- 
- 
- 
Derivative 
financial 
instruments
 ..................................... 
67,318 
68,403 
42,147 
Deferred 
tax 
assets
 ..................................... 
93,342 
91,234 
54,281 
Total 
non-current 
assets
 ..................................... 
8,246,533 
7,139,481 
5,102,746  
Inventories
 ..................................... 
242,026 
172,531 
87,569 
Receivables 
from 
customers
 ..................................... 
745,695 
713,775 
816,995 
Other 
current 
receivables and assets
 ..................................... 
1,298,148 
1,030,105 
816,889 
Cash 
and 
cash 
equivalents
 ..................................... 
413,402 
226,536 
314,985 
Derivative 
financial 
instruments
 ..................................... 
6,951 
14,835 
145,128 
Tax 
receivables
 ..................................... 
29,396 
47,862 
7,550 
Total current assets
 ..................................... 
2,735,619 
2,205,645 
2,189,116 
Total 
assets
 ..................................... 
10,982,153 
9,345,126 
7,291,862

--- Page 109 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
109 
 
 
(*) The numbers presented as at 31/12/2022 are those included in the 2022 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements. Certain 2022 numbers were 
reclassified in the comparative numbers included in the 2023 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements.

--- Page 110 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
110 
 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
In Euros (thousands) 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
and 
shareholders’ equity 
As at 30/06/2024 
As at 31/12/2023 
As at 31/12/2022(*) 
Shareholders’ equity 
 
 
 
Share 
capital
 .........................................  
77,979 
77,979 
77,979 
Profit 
(loss) 
brought 
forward
 .........................................  
665,186 
456,232 
314,431 
Other reserves - other
 .........................................  
42,481 
24,440 
109,116 
Profit 
for 
the 
period
 .........................................  
52,886 
116,953 
146,801 
Total 
shareholders’ 
equity
 .........................................  
838,532 
675,605 
648,328  
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Financial payables (non-
current)
 .........................................  
1,363,426 
1,625,212 
1,168,538 
Bonds 
issued
 .........................................  
3,383,711 
2,447,892 
2,109,484 
Leasing liabilities (non-
current)
 .........................................  
16,529 
18,202 
25,704 
Derivative 
financial 
instruments
 .........................................  
3,787 
36,119 
1,419 
Employee 
benefits
 .........................................  
3,919 
4,035 
3,976 
Provisions for risks and 
charges
 .........................................  
19,313 
20,310 
14,114 
Deferred tax liabilities
 .........................................  
82,928 
82,974 
89,415 
Total 
non-current 
liabilities
 .........................................  
4,873,614 
4,234,745 
3,412,650 
Financial 
payables 
(current)
 .........................................  
2,403,677 
2,004,868 
2,154,740 
Bonds 
issued
 .........................................  
1,318,695 
1,266,545 
- 
Leasing 
liabilities 
(current)
 .........................................  
3,232 
3,208 
7,585

--- Page 111 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
111 
 
 
Trade 
payables
 .........................................  
1,300,005 
973,727 
881,453 
Derivative 
financial 
instruments
 .........................................  
260 
979 
29,093 
Other current liabilities
 .........................................  
168,245 
134,402 
140,524 
Tax 
payables
 .........................................  
75,892 
51,045 
17,489 
Total current liabilities
 .........................................  
5,270,007 
4,434,776 
3,230,884 
Total 
shareholders’ 
equity 
and 
liabilities
 .........................................  
10,982,153 
9,345,126 
7,291,862 
(*) The numbers presented as at 31/12/2022 are those included in the 2022 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements. Certain 2022 numbers were 
reclassified in the comparative numbers included in the 2023 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements.

--- Page 112 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
112 
 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
 
In Euros (thousands) 
For the period 
ended 30/06/2024 
For the year ended 
31/12/2023 
For the year ended 
31/12/2022(*) 
Income 
from 
leases
 ...............................................  
702,428 
1,158,740 
965,503 
Write-downs 
from 
leases
 ...............................................  
(475,821) 
(832,366) 
(748,703) 
Costs from leases - loans
 ...............................................  
(121,191) 
(146,615) 
(41,658) 
Margin 
from 
leases
 ...............................................  
105,415 
179,759 
175,142 
Revenues 
from 
services
 ...............................................  
318,062 
560,877 
582,596 
Costs 
for 
services
 ...............................................  
(275,048) 
(497,013) 
(544,215) 
Margin 
on 
services
 ...............................................  
43,014 
63,863 
38,382 
Income 
from 
car 
sales
 ...............................................  
84,342 
151,452 
139,210 
Costs 
of 
cars 
sold
 ...............................................  
(52,664) 
(48,122) 
(38,943) 
Margin 
on 
cars 
sold
 ...............................................  
31,678 
103,330 
100,267 
Gross operating margin
 
 
180,108 
346,952 
313,791 
Payroll 
costs
 ...............................................  
(59,243) 
(89,201) 
(61,753) 
Other 
operating 
expenses
 ...............................................  
(23,221) 
(25,288) 
(17,912) 
Depreciation and 
amortisation
 ...............................................  
(6,167) 
(10,911) 
(11,546) 
Total operating expenses
 ...............................................  
(88,631) 
(125,399) 
(91,211) 
Credit 
losses 
(losses 
on 
receivables)
 ...............................................  
(15,034) 
(20,525) 
(18,285) 
Non-recurring 
income 
(expenses)
 ...............................................  
55 
(30,082) 
(34) 
Operating 
profit
 ...............................................  
76,497 
170,946 
204,261 
Profit 
before 
tax
 ...............................................  
76,497 
170,946 
204,261 
Income 
tax
 ...............................................  
(23,611) 
(53,993) 
(57,460)

--- Page 113 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
113 
 
 
Profit 
for 
the 
period
 ...............................................  
52,886 
116,953 
146,801 
(*) The numbers presented as at 31/12/2022 are those included in the 2022 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements. Certain 2022 numbers were 
reclassified in the comparative numbers included in the 2023 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for a greater representation of costs and 
revenues related to rental fees.

--- Page 114 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
114 
 
 
 
 
Alternative Performance Measures 
 
The following table sets out certain Alternative Performance Measures for the periods indicated. These APMs 
are not recognized as measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS or any other accounting 
standards. All Alternative Performance Measures are unaudited. For further information, see “Presentation 
of Financial and Other Information – Alternative Performance Measures.” 
 
For the year ended 
31/12/2022 
For the year ended 
31/12/2023 
For the period ended 
30/06/2024 
Cost of Risk (Credit Losses) to 
Average Earning Assets End of 
Period 
0.34% 
0.31%  
0.35% 
Gross Operating Margin to 
Average Earning Assets End of 
Period 
5.90% 
5.28%  
5.09% 
Operating Profit to Average 
Earning Assets End of Period  
3.84% 
2.60%17 
2.47% 
Total Operating Expenses to 
Average Earning Assets End of 
Period 
1.71% 
1.91%  
2.20% 
 
 
17 Non recurring expenses in 2023 amounted to €30,082 (€/thousands).

--- Page 115 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
115 
 
 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which could be made on a 
retroactive basis. 
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which 
may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of Notes or Coupons (if any) and 
does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which 
(such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to additional or special rules. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes or Coupons (if any) are advised to consult their own tax advisers 
concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership of the Notes or Coupons (if any). This summary 
will not be updated to reflect changes in laws or interpretation and if such a change occurs the information in 
this summary may become invalid. 
The following summary assumes that the Issuer is resident only in Italy for tax purposes and that the Notes 
will be listed upon their issuance on a regulated market or multilateral trading facility of an EU or EEA 
Member State which exchanges information with the Italian tax authorities. 
In any case, Italian legal or tax concepts may not be identical to the concepts described by the same English 
term as they exist under terms of different jurisdictions and any legal or tax concept expressed by using the 
relevant Italian term shall prevail over the corresponding concept expressed in English terms. 
Law No. 111 of 9 August 2023, published in the Official Gazette No. 189 of 14 August 2023 (“Law 111”), 
delegates power to the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-four months from its publication, one or 
more legislative decrees implementing the reform of the Italian tax system (the “Tax Reform”). According to 
Law 111, the Tax Reform will significantly change the taxation of financial incomes and capital gains and 
introduce various amendments in the Italian tax system at different levels. The precise nature, extent, and 
impact of these amendments cannot be quantified or foreseen with certainty at this stage. 
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY 
In this Italian Taxation section any reference to (i) the Notes includes also the Coupons (if any) and (ii) the 
Noteholders includes also the Couponholders (if relevant), where the context so admits. 
Tax treatment of interest and proceeds payable under the Notes qualifying as bonds or debentures similar 
to bonds 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended and supplemented (Decree No. 239) 
sets out the applicable regime regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including 
the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as 
Interest) deriving from notes falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds 
(titoli similari alle obbligazioni) traded on a regulated market or multilateral trading facility of an EU or EEA 
Member State which exchanges information with the Italian tax authorities. 
For this purpose, pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as amended and 
supplemented (Decree No. 917) bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) are securities that: (a) incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption or maturity, 
an amount not lower than their nominal value; (b) attribute to the holders no direct or indirect right to control 
or participate in the management of the issuer or in the management of the business in respect of which the 
notes have been issued; and (c) do not provide for a remuneration which is entirely linked to the profits of the 
issuer, or other companies belonging to the same group or to the business in respect of which the securities 
have been issued.

--- Page 116 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
116 
 
 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Italian resident individuals and non commercial entities  
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is the beneficial owner of Interest payments under the Notes and is: (a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected; (b) a partnership 
(other than a società in nome collettivo or a società in accomandita semplice or a similar partnership) or a de 
facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities; (c) a non-commercial private or public institution 
(other than a company), a trust not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities or the Italian State 
or other pubic and territorial entity; or (d) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, Interest 
deriving from the Notes and accrued during the relevant holding period is subject to a substitutive tax, referred 
to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. (either when Interest is paid or obtained by the holder 
upon disposal of the Notes), unless the relevant Noteholder referred to under (a) to (c) above holds the Notes 
in a discretionary investment portfolio managed by an authorized intermediary and, under certain conditions, 
has validly opted for the application of the risparmio gestito regime provided for by Article 7 of Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 461 of November 21, 1997 (Decree No. 461) (see “Capital gains tax” below).  
Where the resident holders of the Notes described above under (a) to (c) above are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax.  
Interest will be included in the relevant beneficial owner's Italian income tax return and will be subject to 
Italian ordinary income taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a credit that can be offset 
against the income tax due. 
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest 
relating to the Notes may be exempt from any income taxation (including from the 26 per cent. imposta 
sostitutiva) if the Noteholders are Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activity or social 
security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 
February 1996 and the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law as amended and supplemented 
from time to time. 
Italian Corporate investors (including banks and insurance companies) 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or a permanent establishment 
in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected, and the Notes are deposited with 
an Intermediary (as defined below), Interest from the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva but must 
be included in the relevant Noteholder’s income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate 
taxation (IRES) and, in certain circumstances, depending on the status of the Noteholder, also to regional tax 
on productive activities (IRAP). 
Italian Real Estate Funds 
Payments of Interest deriving from the Notes made to Italian resident real estate investment funds and Italian 
resident real estate investment companies with fixed capital (SICAF, i.e. società di investimento a capitale 
fisso) (the Real Estate Funds) complying with the relevant legal and regulatory requirements and subject to 
the regime provided for by, inter alia, Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 and/or Law Decree No. 44 
of 4 March 2014, each as amended, are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in 
the hands of such Real Estate Funds, provided that the Notes are timely deposited with an Intermediary (as 
defined below).  Subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders of the Real Estate 
Fund and income realised by the unitholders or shareholders in the event of redemption or sale of the units or 
shares in the Real Estate Fund may be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent..  
Moreover, subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor and the percentage of its 
participation, income realised by Real Estate Funds may be attributed to the relevant investors and subject to

--- Page 117 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
117 
 
 
tax in their hands irrespective of its actual collection and in proportion to the percentage of ownership of units 
or shares on a tax transparency basis. 
Italian Funds 
Where the Italian resident Noteholder is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund (other than a Real 
Estate Fund), an investment company with fixed capital (SICAF, i.e. società di investimento a capitale fisso, 
other than a Real Estate Fund) or an investment company with variable capital (SICAV, i.e. società di 
investimento a capitale variabile) (together, the Funds) and either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to 
the supervision of a regulatory authority and the Notes are deposited with an Intermediary (as defined below), 
payments of Interest on such Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the 
management results of the Fund.  The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such result, but a withholding 
tax of 26 per cent. may in certain circumstances apply to distributions made in favour of unitholders or 
shareholders or in case of redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Fund. 
Italian pension funds 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an Intermediary (as defined 
below), payments of Interest relating to the Notes accrued during the holding period will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax 
period to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at 
the end of each tax year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes).  Subject to certain 
conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the Notes 
may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-
term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
set forth by Italian law as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, investment companies (società di 
intermediazione mobiliare, SIMs), fiduciary companies, management companies (società di gestione del 
risparmio), stock brokers and other qualified entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance (together 
the Intermediaries and each an Intermediary).  An Intermediary must (a) be (i) resident in Italy, (ii) a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident Intermediary or (iii) an entity or a company not 
resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of securities and directly connected with 
the Italian tax authorities having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239, and 
(b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or, also as transferees, in transfers or disposals of the 
Notes.  For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any assignment 
or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant 
Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary meeting the requirements under (a) and (b) above, 
imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian intermediary paying Interest to the holders of the 
Notes or, absent that, by the Issuer and gross recipients that are Italian resident corporations or permanent 
establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled to 
deduct the suffered imposta sostitutiva from income taxes due. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders  
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies, provided that the non-Italian resident 
Noteholder is the beneficial owner of relevant Interest (certain types of institutional investors are deemed to 
be beneficial owners by operation of law) and is either: (a) resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows 
for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy included in the list provided for by Italian Ministerial 
Decree dated 4 September 1996, as amended from time to time (possibly further amended by future Ministerial

--- Page 118 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
118 
 
 
Decrees to be issued under Article 11, paragraph 4, let. c) of Decree No. 239) (the White List); or (b) an 
international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force 
in Italy; or (c) a central bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or 
(d) an institutional investor which is established in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with Italy listed in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer therein and 
provided that it timely files with the relevant depositary an appropriate self-declaration confirming its status 
of institutional investor. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders must be the beneficial owners of payments 
of Interest and (a) deposit, in due time, directly or indirectly, the Notes with a resident bank or a SIM or a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident entity or 
company participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via computer, with 
the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of 
Decree No. 239 (Euroclear and Clearstream qualify as such latter kind of depositary) and (b) file with the 
relevant depository a statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, 
in which the Noteholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta 
sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not required for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in case of foreign central banks or entities 
which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set forth 
by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, as subsequently amended. 
Failure of a non-Italian resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in 
Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementing rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on 
Interest payments to such non resident holder of the Notes. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. (or at the reduced rate provided for by the 
applicable double tax treaty, if any, and subject to timely filing of the required documentation) in respect to 
Interest accrued in the hands of Noteholders who are resident, for tax purposes, in countries which do not allow 
for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy not included in the White List. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to be bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to 
bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) under Article 44 of Decree No. 917 and qualify as titoli atipici 
(“atypical securities”) pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended (Decree 
No. 512), may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent.. For this purpose, bonds or 
debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption or 
maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value and which do not grant the holder any direct or indirect 
right of participation to (or control of) the management of the issuer. 
Where the holder of the Notes is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity, (c) a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign entity, (d) an Italian commercial partnership or (e) an Italian commercial 
private or public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax.  In all other cases the 
withholding tax is a final withholding tax.  For non-Italian resident holders of the Notes, the withholding tax 
rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty (to the extent the conditions for its application are met). 
The withholding is levied by the Italian intermediary, intervening in the collection of the relevant income or 
in the negotiation or repurchasing of the Notes. 
Subject to conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any income taxation, 
including the above mentioned withholding tax on Interest relating to the Notes which qualify as titoli atipici,

--- Page 119 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
119 
 
 
if such Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Capital gains tax 
Italian resident Noteholders individuals and non commercial entities 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or a società 
in accomandita semplice or a similar partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial 
activities, or (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution (other than a company), a trust not carrying 
out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or 
redemption of the Notes would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva provided for by Decree No. 461, levied at 
the rate of 26 per cent..  Under certain conditions and limitations Noteholders may set off capital gains with 
their capital losses. 
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers under (i) to (iii) above may opt for one of the 
three regimes described below:  
(a) 
under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the standard regime for 
taxation of capital gains realised by Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, imposta sostitutiva on capital 
gains will be chargeable, on a yearly cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital 
loss of the same kind, realised by the relevant investor holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given 
tax year.  The relevant Noteholder must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net 
of any relevant incurred capital loss of the same kind, in the annual tax return and pay imposta 
sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance of income tax due for such year.  Capital losses in 
excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four 
succeeding tax years; 
(b) 
as an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect to pay the 
imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (the 
risparmio amministrato regime provided for by article 6 of Decree No. 461).  Such separate taxation 
of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain 
authorised financial intermediaries (including permanent establishments in Italy of foreign 
intermediaries) and (ii) a valid express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being timely 
made in writing by the relevant Noteholder.  The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta 
sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in 
respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, 
and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, 
deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds 
provided by the Noteholder for this purpose.  Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale 
or redemption of the Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted only from capital gains 
subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following 
tax years up to the fourth.  Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required 
to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return; or 
(c) 
any capital gains realised by Italian Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have 
validly opted for the so called risparmio gestito regime provided for by Article 7 of Decree No. 461 
will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, 
even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing 
authorised intermediary.  Under the risparmio gestito regime, any decrease in value of the managed 
assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against any increase in value of the managed assets

--- Page 120 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
120 
 
 
accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years.  The Noteholder is not required to declare the capital 
gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Italian 
resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from 
Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale, transfer or 
redemption of the Notes, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale 
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
Italian Corporate investors (including banks and insurance companies) 
Any capital gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable 
income for IRES purposes and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also as 
part of the net value of the production for IRAP purposes, if realised by an Italian company or a similar 
commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are 
connected), an Italian resident commercial partnership or an Italian resident individual engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected. 
Italian Real Estate Funds 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder that is a Real Estate Fund will be subject neither to imposta 
sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund. Subsequent distributions made in 
favour of unitholders or shareholders of the Real Estate Fund and income realised by the unitholders or 
shareholders in the event of redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Real Estate Fund may be subject, 
in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.. Moreover, subject to certain conditions, 
depending on the status of the investor and the percentage of its participation, income realised by Real Estate 
Funds may be attributed to the relevant investors and subject to tax in their hands irrespective of its actual 
collection and in proportion to the percentage of ownership of units or shares on a tax transparency basis. 
Italian Funds 
Any capital gains realised by an Italian Noteholder that is a Fund will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but 
will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the relevant tax period which is 
exempt from income tax. Subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders and income 
realised by the unitholders or shareholders in the event of redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Fund 
may be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.. 
Italian pension funds 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder that is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided for 
by Article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain 
conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on the Notes may 
be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set 
forth by Italian law, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
The 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva may in certain circumstances be payable on any capital gains realised upon 
sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent

--- Page 121 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
121 
 
 
establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, if the Notes are held or deemed to be held 
in Italy. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes traded on regulated markets in Italy or 
abroad are neither subject to the imposta sostitutiva nor to any other Italian income tax (subject to timely filling 
of required documentation (in particular, a self-declaration stating that the Noteholder is not resident in Italy 
for tax purposes) with Italian qualified intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign 
intermediaries) with which the Notes are deposited).  The Italian tax authorities have clarified that the notion 
of multilateral trading facility (MTF) under EU Directive 2014/65/CE (so called MiFID II) can be assimilated 
to that of “regulated market” for income tax purposes; conversely, organized trading facilities (OTF) cannot 
be assimilated to “regulated market” for Italian income tax purposes.  
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of the Notes not traded on regulated 
markets are not subject to imposta sostitutiva provided that the Noteholder is the beneficial owner of the capital 
gain (certain types of institutional investors are deemed to be beneficial owners by operation of law) and is (i) 
resident for tax purposes in a country included in the White List; or (ii) an international entity or body set up 
in accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy; or (iii) a central bank or an entity which manages, 
inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) an institutional investor which is established in a 
country included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country of 
establishment, in any case, to the extent all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and 
in the relevant implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from 
imposta sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time, if applicable.  In this case, if the non Italian 
Noteholders have opted for the risparmio amministrato regime or the risparmio gestito regime, exemption 
from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they file in due course with the authorised financial 
intermediary an appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they meet the requirements 
indicated above. 
If none of the conditions described above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders 
from the sale or redemption of the Notes not traded on regulated markets and deemed to be held in Italy may 
be subject to imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent..  
In the case of Notes that qualify as atypical securities, based on a very restrictive interpretation, capital gains 
realised thereon could be treated as proceeds derived under the Notes, to be subject to the 26 per cent. 
withholding tax mentioned under paragraph “Atypical Securities”, above. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected that may benefit from a double tax treaty with Italy providing that capital 
gains realised upon the sale or redemption of the Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of 
the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale or 
redemption of the Notes provided all the conditions for its application are met.  In this case, if the non-Italian 
resident Noteholders have opted for the risparmio amministrato regime or the risparmio gestito regime, 
exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon the condition that they file in due course with the 
authorised financial intermediary appropriate documents which include, inter alia, a statement issued by the 
competent tax authorities of the country of residence of the non Italian Noteholders. 
The Risparmio Amministrato regime is the ordinary regime automatically applicable to non-resident persons 
and entities in relation to Notes deposited for safekeeping or administration at Italian banks, SIMs and other 
eligible entities, but non-resident Noteholders retain the right to waive this regime.  Such waiver may also be 
exercised by non-resident intermediaries in respect of safekeeping, administration and deposit accounts held 
in their names in which third parties’ financial assets are held.

--- Page 122 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
122 
 
 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11(2) of Decree No. 239, where the Issuer issues a new tranche forming part of a single 
series with a previous tranche, for the purposes of calculating the amount of Interest subject to imposta 
sostitutiva (if any), the issue price of the new tranche will be deemed to be the same as the issue price of the 
original tranche.   This rule applies where (a) the new tranche is issued within 12 months from the issue date 
of the previous tranche and (b) the difference between the issue price of the new Tranche and that of the 
original tranche does not exceed 1 per cent. of the nominal value of the Notes multiplied by the number of 
years of the duration of the Notes. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to registration tax as follows: (a) public deeds and 
notarised deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private autenticate) are subject to a fixed registration tax of €200; (b) 
private deeds (scritture private non autenticate) are subject to registration tax only in case of voluntary 
registration, explicit reference (enunciazione) or case of use (caso d'uso). 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law No. 346 of 31 October 1990 and Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, as subsequently 
amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including the Notes) as a result of gift, donation or succession of 
Italian residents and non-Italian residents (but in such latter case limited to assets held within the Italian 
territory – which, for presumption of law, includes bonds issued by Italian resident issuers) are subject to 
Italian inheritance and gift taxes as follows: 
(i) 
transfers in favour of the spouse and direct descendants or ascendants are subject to an inheritance and 
gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each 
beneficiary, €1,000,000; 
(ii) 
transfers in favour of the brothers or sisters are subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate 
of 6 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €100,000;  
(iii) 
transfers in favour of all other relatives up to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law up to the third 
degree, are subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of 
the inheritance or the gift; and 
(iv) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. 
on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned above 
in (i), (ii) and (iii) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, a threshold of €1,500,000.  
The transfer of financial instruments (including the Notes) as a result of death is exempt from inheritance tax 
when such financial instruments are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time. 
Moreover, an anti-avoidance rule is provided for by Article 16 of Law No. 383 of 18 October 2001 for any 
gift of assets (such as the Notes) which, if sold for consideration, would give rise to capital gains subject to the 
“imposta sostitutiva” provided for by Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997.  In particular, if the 
donee sells the Notes for consideration within 5 years from the receipt thereof as a gift, the donee is required 
to pay the relevant “imposta sostitutiva” on capital gains as if the gift was not made.

--- Page 123 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
123 
 
 
Stamp duties on financial instruments 
Pursuant to Article 13(2-ter) of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972, as 
amended (Decree 642), a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting 
communications which may be sent by an Italian based financial intermediary to its clients in respect of any 
financial product and instrument (including the Notes) which may be deposited with such financial 
intermediary in Italy.  The stamp duty is collected by the Italian resident financial intermediaries and applies 
at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and cannot exceed Euro 14,000 for taxpayers other than individuals.  This stamp duty 
is determined on the basis of the market value or, if no market value figure is available, on the basis of face 
value or redemption value, or in the case the face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the basis of 
purchase value of the financial assets held. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, including with respect to the instruments for which it 
is not mandatory the deposit, the release or the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods of less 
than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis. 
Pursuant to the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 May 2012, 
the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy 
on 29 July 2009, as subsequently amended, supplemented and restated) of an entity that exercises in any form 
a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
Stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and to non-Italian resident investors, to the extent that the relevant 
securities (including the Notes) are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary (and not directly held by 
the investor outside Italy), in which case Italian wealth tax (see below under “Wealth tax on financial products 
held abroad”) applies to Italian resident Noteholders only. 
Tax monitoring obligations  
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments by Law No. 227 of 
4 August 1990, as amended, individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or 
similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in Italy for tax purposes under 
certain conditions, are required to report for tax monitoring purposes in their yearly income tax return the 
amount of investments directly or indirectly held abroad. 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial instruments, 
are the beneficial owner of the instrument. 
No disclosure requirements exist, inter alia, for investments and financial activities (including the Notes) under 
management or administration entrusted to Italian resident intermediaries and for contracts concluded through 
their intervention, provided that the cash flows and the income derived from such activities and contracts have 
been subject to Italian withholding or substitute tax by the intermediaries themselves. 
Wealth tax on financial products held abroad 
In accordance with Article 19 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, converted with amendments by Law 
No. 214 of 22 December 2011, as amended, individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships 
(società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in Italy for 
tax purposes holding financial products – including the Notes – outside of the Italian territory are required to 
declare in their own annual tax return and pay a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 per cent. (IVAFE) (0.4 per cent., 
as of 2024, in case of financial assets held in States or territories with privileged tax regime identified by the 
Ministerial Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance of May 4, 1999).  For taxpayers other than 
individuals, IVAFE cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year.

--- Page 124 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
124 
 
 
The tax applies on the market value at the end of the relevant year (or, if earlier, at the end of the holding 
period) or – in the lack of the market value – on the basis of face value or redemption value, or in the case the 
face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the basis of purchase value of the financial assets held 
outside of the Italian territory.  Taxpayers can generally deduct from the tax a tax credit equal to any wealth 
taxes paid in the State where the financial products are held (up to the amount of the Italian wealth tax due). 
Financial assets (including the Notes) held abroad are excluded from the scope of IVAFE if they are 
administered by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement and the items of 
income derived from such instruments have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries. In this case, the 
above mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the Tariff attached to Decree 642 does apply. 
FATCA DISCLOSURE 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements.  The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions 
(including Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would 
not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not 
otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or 
prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date.  However, if additional Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents 
may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in Notes. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States).  However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State.  
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be “established” in a participating Member State in a broad

--- Page 125 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
125 
 
 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 126 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
126 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (such programme agreement as modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 23 September 2024, agreed with the 
Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes.  Any such 
agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”.  In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their 
expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes 
under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms will identify whether 
TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 127 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
127 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; 
and 
• 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended from time to 
time. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 128 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
128 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the 
United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
• 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;

--- Page 129 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
129 
 
 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that it undertakes to comply with applicable 
French laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the 
distribution in France of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, 
and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
To qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any application provision of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the Financial Services Act) and Italian Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(CONSOB) regulations; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must:

--- Page 130 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
130 
 
 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 
of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 september 
1993 (as amended, the Italian Consolidated Banking Act); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Italian 
Consolidated Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from 
time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Singapore 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS). Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to 
be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will 
it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be 
registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that 
it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription 
or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant 
to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or 
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA. 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme, 
all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and

--- Page 131 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
131 
 
 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 132 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
132 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer dated 30 July 2024.  
Legal entity identifier (LEI) 
The Legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 5493009CCXH3RNCA7U43. 
Listing and admission to trading of Notes 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank, as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Central Bank has only approved the Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that is the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the 12 months 
from the date of the Base Prospectus to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on its regulated 
market. Euronext Dublin’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. However, 
Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on Euronext Dublin’s regulated 
market or any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) may agree.  
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection from https://corporate.leasys.com/english/investor-relations:   
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(c) 
the Financial Statements of the Issuer; 
(d) 
any future Base Prospectus, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference; 
(e) 
the Green Bond Framework; and 
(f) 
the Second Party Opinion. 
In addition, this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin’s regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are available on Euronext 
Dublin’s website at www.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the 
Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 133 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
133 
 
 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.  
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield.   
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group since 30 
June 2024 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Group 
since 31 December 2023. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus at page 102, neither the Issuer nor any member of its Group is or has 
been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document 
which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuer or the Group. 
Auditors  
At the general meeting of the shareholders held on 29 March 2021, PricewaterhouseCoopers SpA was 
appointed as auditors of the Issuer for the years ending 31 December 2021 to 2023. PricewaterhouseCoopers 
SpA is registered under number 119644 in the Register of Accountancy Auditors (Registro dei Revisori 
Legali), held by the MEF, in compliance with the provisions of the Legislative Decree of 27 January 2010, 
No. 39. PricewaterhouseCoopers SpA, which is located at Piazza Tre Torri 2, 20145, Milan, Italy, is also a 
member of ASSIREVI, the Italian association of auditing firms. PricewaterhouseCoopers SpA’s independent 
auditor’s reports on the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements and the 2022 Consolidated Financial 
Statements are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Post-issuance information 
Save as set out in the Final Terms, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in 
relation to any issues of Notes.  
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business, and for which such Dealers have received or may receive customary fees, 
commissions, reimbursement of expenses and indemnification. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates 
(including parent companies) may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the 
Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging 
strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their

--- Page 134 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
134 
 
 
exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their 
business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates (including parent companies) that have a lending relationship 
with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Such 
Dealers have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
In relation to the issue and subscription of any Tranche of Notes, fees and/or commissions may be payable to 
the relevant Dealer(s). 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to 
the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading 
on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 135 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
135 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
 
Leasys S.p.A. 
Corso Orbassano, 367 
10137 Turin 
Italy 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
12 Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France  
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
33 Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English and Italian law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling Studio Legale Associato 
Via Ansperto, 5 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 284 
00186 Rome 
Italy 
 
To the Arranger and Dealer as to English and Italian law 
 
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
Via Tommaso Grossi, 2 
Citypoint 
20121 Milan 
One Ropemaker Street 
Italy 
London EC2Y 9SS 
United Kingdom

--- Page 136 ---
0135021-0000015 EUO2: 2004591983.14 
136 
 
 
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers SpA 
Piazza Tre Torri, 2 
20145, Milan 
Italy 
LISTING AGENT 
 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited  
10 Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland  
D02 T380