--- Page 1 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
 
55-41010271 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 1 APRIL 2021 
 
LeasePlan 
LeasePlan Corporation N.V. 
EUR 15,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Under this EUR 15,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme (the "Programme") LeasePlan 
Corporation N.V. ("LPCorp" or the "Issuer") may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") 
which may be senior ("Senior Notes") or subordinated ("Subordinated Notes") and 
denominated in any currency agreed by the Issuer of such Notes and the relevant Dealer (as 
defined below). 
Subject as set out herein, the Notes will not be subject to any maximum maturity but will have a 
minimum maturity of 1 month and the maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from 
time to time outstanding will not exceed EUR 15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described herein). 
The Notes will be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified herein 
and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a "Dealer" and together 
the "Dealers"). The Dealer or Dealers with whom the Issuer agrees or proposes to agree on the 
issue of any Notes is or are referred to as the "relevant Dealer" in respect of those Notes. 
The Notes of each Tranche (as defined below) will (unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
final terms (the "Final Terms")) initially be represented by a global Note (a "Global Note") 
which will be deposited on the issue date thereof either (i) with a common depositary or a 
common safekeeper on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other agreed clearance system or (ii) 
with Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V. ("Euroclear Netherlands"). 
See "Form of the Notes" herein. 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") constitutes a base prospectus within the 
meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus 
has been approved by The Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Stichting Autoriteit 
Financiële Markten, the "AFM") as the competent authority in the Issuer's home member state 
of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") (a "Member State") pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation. The AFM has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement 
of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. 
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, this Base Prospectus is valid for a period 
of twelve months from the date of approval and its validity will expire on 1 April 2022. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
Application may be made for Notes to be listed on Euronext Amsterdam ("Euronext") or to be 
listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg), on any other 
regulated or unregulated market in the EEA or any other stock exchange(s). The Programme 
also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further listing authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer.

--- Page 2 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 2 - 
55-41010271 
 
The Issuer has requested the AFM to provide the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier in Luxembourg with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has 
been drawn up in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation (a "Notification"). 
The AFM may be requested to provide other competent authorities within the EEA with a 
Notification so that application may be made for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on other regulated markets within the EEA. Euronext and the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) are regulated markets for 
the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "EU 
MiFID II"). 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Senior Notes is 
rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to this Programme. 
Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme may be rated on a case by case basis as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Community and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation") unless the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
operating in the European Community before 7 June 2010 which has submitted an application 
for registration in accordance with the CRA Regulation and such registration has not been 
refused. Each of Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"), S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, 
France Branch ("S&P") and Fitch Ratings Ireland Ltd. ("Fitch") are credit rating agencies 
established in the European Community and are registered under the CRA Regulation. A rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which case a supplementary Base 
Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the 
agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is issued in replacement of a base prospectus dated 27 March 2020 
relating to the EUR 15,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of the Issuer and accordingly 
supersedes that earlier base prospectus. This does not affect any Notes issued prior to the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any amendments or 
supplements hereto and with any documents incorporated by reference herein, and in relation 
to any Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes, this Base Prospectus should be read and 
construed together with the Final Terms. Any such supplement, amendment and/or replacement 
will only be made in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation unless in relation to an Issue of 
Notes under the Programme which falls outside the scope of the Prospectus Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the "IDD"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA which were relied on immediately before exit day to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional

--- Page 3 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 3 - 
55-41010271 
 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (an  "EU 
distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, an EU 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU 
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID 
Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MIFID Product Governance 
Rules. 
UK MIFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "UK 
distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK 
distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Benchmark Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to 
certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate 
does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark 
is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmark Regulation may have the result that 
the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any 
administrator under the EU Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any 
change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may, inter alia, be calculated by reference to London inter-
bank offered rate ("LIBOR"), which is provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), which is provided by the Bank of England and the 
Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate ("EURIBOR") which is provided by the European Money 
Markets Institute. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute 
appears, and ICE Benchmark Administration Limited and the Bank of England do not appear, 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 4 - 
55-41010271 
 
As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA does not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product 
Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 
309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the "SFA"). The Issuer 
will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" 
in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of 
section 309B(1)(a) and section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
THERE ARE CERTAIN RISKS RELATED TO ANY ISSUE OF NOTES UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME WHICH INVESTORS SHOULD ENSURE THEY FULLY UNDERSTAND (SEE 
"RISK FACTORS" BELOW). THIS BASE PROSPECTUS DOES NOT DESCRIBE ALL OF THE 
RISKS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES. 
Arranger 
ABN AMRO 
Dealers 
 
ABN AMRO 
ANZ 
BNP PARIBAS 
Danske Bank 
Citigroup 
HSBC 
Deutsche Bank 
J.P. Morgan 
ING 
Santander 
Corporate 
& 
Investment 
Banking 
Mizuho Securities 
 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment 
Banking

--- Page 5 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 5 - 
55-41010271 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................... 6 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................... 15 
RISK MANAGEMENT ................................................................................................................. 43 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .............................................................................................................. 50 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................. 53 
FORM OF THE NOTES .............................................................................................................. 56 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................ 59 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................... 96 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................ 109 
DESCRIPTION OF LEASEPLAN CORPORATION N.V. ("LPCorp") ....................................... 111 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................. 117 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ..................................................................................................... 121 
GENERAL INFORMATION ....................................................................................................... 128

--- Page 6 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 6 - 
55-41010271 
 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description of the key features of the Programme does not purport to be complete 
and is taken from, and is qualified by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to 
the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Any 
decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a 
whole, including any amendment and supplement thereto and the documents incorporated by 
reference. Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes" below shall have the same meanings in this description. 
Issuer: 
LeasePlan Corporation N.V. 
Description: 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Arranger: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Dealers: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
 
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
 
BNP Paribas 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
 
J.P. Morgan AG 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
 
Société Générale 
Competent Authority for the 
purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation: 
The Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements 
apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Size: 
Up to EUR 15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described herein below) outstanding 
at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche 
will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such 
currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, including, without limitation, Australian 
dollars, Canadian dollars, euro, Hong Kong dollars, Sterling, 
Swiss francs, U.S. dollars and Yen. 
Redenomination: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Notes 
may be redenominated in euro. The relevant provisions 
applicable to any such redenomination are contained in 
Condition 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to applicable laws, regulations and 
restrictions and subject to a minimum maturity of one (1)

--- Page 7 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 7 - 
55-41010271 
 
month. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue 
price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be in bearer form. Each Tranche of Notes will 
(unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
initially be in the form of either a temporary global Note or a 
permanent global Note, in each case as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Each global note which is not intended 
to be issued in New Global Note ("NGN") form (a "Classic 
Global Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant Issue Date 
either (i) with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearance 
system or (ii) with Euroclear Netherlands. Each global Note 
which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
Luxembourg. 
Each 
temporary 
global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable for a permanent global Note or, if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, for definitive Notes upon certain 
conditions including, in the case of a temporary global Note 
where the issue is subject to TEFRA D selling restrictions, 
upon certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership as required 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. The applicable Final Terms will 
specify that a permanent global Note is exchangeable for 
definitive Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event, as described in "Form of the Notes" below, and in 
respect of global Notes deposited with Euroclear Netherlands 
only in the limited circumstances as described in the 
Securities Giro Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer) and in 
accordance with the rules and regulations of Euroclear 
Netherlands. Any interest in a global Note will be transferable 
only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time 
being of either (i) Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other agreed clearance system or (ii) Euroclear 
Netherlands, as appropriate. 
Interest: 
Interest in respect of the Notes may have a Fixed Rate, a 
Floating Rate or a CMS-Linked Interest Rate, or may not bear 
interest (Zero Coupon) or a combination of any of the above, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on the date or dates specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms). 
Floating Rate Notes/CMS-
Linked Interest Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined as 
follows: (i) on the same basis as the floating rate under a 
notional interest-rate swap transaction in the relevant 
Specified Currency governed by an agreement incorporating 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series) or (ii) on the basis of a reference 
rate on the agreed screen page of a commercial quotation 
service or (iii) using any other method of determination as may 
be provided in the applicable Final Terms. CMS-Linked 
Interest Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the

--- Page 8 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 8 - 
55-41010271 
 
basis of a CMS reference rate on the agreed screen page of a 
commercial quotation service. The Margin (if any) relating to 
such floating rate will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Other provisions in relation 
to interest-bearing Notes: 
Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate and/or both. Terms applicable to step-up Notes, step-
down Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes (also called Reverse 
Floating Rate Notes), Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, snowball 
Notes and any other type of Note that the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) may agree to issue under the Programme 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount or at par and will not bear interest other 
than in the case of late payment. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable for taxation reasons, at the option of the Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice as is indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as 
the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such terms as 
are indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Regulatory Call Option 
 
If Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of Subordinated Notes such Notes will be redeemable 
at the option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event or an MREL Disqualification Event at the amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms subject to: 
(a)  
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 
Notes, (i) the prior written permission of the 
Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR and 
(ii) the Issuer demonstrating to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that the Issuer complies with 
Article 78 CRR, which may include the replacement of 
the Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of 
equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable 
for the income capacity of the Issuer, or  
(b)  
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities, (i) the prior permission of the 
Competent Authority pursuant to article 77 CRD 
Regulation and (ii) compliance with any other pre-
conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such 
redemption as may be required by the Competent 
Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations at such 
time,  
and upon giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
irrevocable notice.

--- Page 9 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 9 - 
55-41010271 
 
 
"Capital Event", "CRR", "Competent Authority" and "MREL 
Disqualification Event" have the meaning ascribed thereto in 
Condition 7(e) (Redemption, Substitution and Variation for 
regulatory purposes of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms save that Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
EEA or offered to the public in a Member State in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation will be issued with a 
minimum denomination of € 100,000 or its equivalent in 
another currency. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made free and 
clear of withholding or deducting taxes of The Netherlands, 
unless the withholding is required by law. In that event, the 
Issuer will either (i) subject to certain exceptions as provided 
in Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, pay 
such additional amounts (other than, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes only, in respect of any amount of 
principal) as will result in the Noteholders receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect of the Notes 
had no such withholding been required or (ii) make the 
required withholding or deduction but the Issuer will not pay 
any additional amounts to compensate Noteholders, as will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time 
of issue of the Notes, specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and summarised in the relevant issue specific summary 
annexed to the applicable Final Terms. If the applicable Final 
Terms provides that payments in respect of the Notes are to 
be made as provided in (ii) above, it will also specify that 
Condition 7(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes will 
not apply to such Notes. 
Negative Pledge: 
See Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in 
relation to the Senior Notes only. 
Cross Default: 
See Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in 
relation to the Senior Notes only. 
Status of the Senior Notes: 
All Notes issued by the Issuer other than Subordinated Notes 
shall be Senior Notes (the "Senior Notes"). The Senior Notes 
will constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer and will rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves and with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save 
for those preferred by mandatory provisions of law and other 
than those unsecured and unsubordinated obligations having 
a lower ranking in reliance on article 212rb of the Dutch 
Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision 
implementing article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as 
amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in The Netherlands).

--- Page 10 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 10 - 
55-41010271 
 
Status of the Subordinated 
Notes: 
Status and subordination 
The 
Subordinated 
Notes 
will 
constitute 
unsecured 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank (i) pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and with all 
other present and future unsecured and equally subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer (other than those subordinated 
obligations expressed by their terms or by mandatory and/or 
overriding provisions of law to rank either junior or senior to 
the Subordinated Notes) and (ii) junior to those obligations 
expressed by their terms to rank in priority to the Subordinated 
Notes and those preferred by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law, including as a result of the Amending Act. 
As a result, the claims of the holders of the Subordinated 
Notes of each Series and the relative Coupons (the 
"Subordinated Holders") against the Issuer will, in the event 
of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, be subordinated 
to (a) the claims of depositors (other than in respect of those 
whose deposits are expressed by their terms to rank equally 
to or lower than the Subordinated Notes), (b) unsubordinated 
claims with respect to the repayment of borrowed money, (c) 
the claims of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the 
Issuer 
pursuant 
to 
Article 
72a(2) 
CRR, 
(d) 
other 
unsubordinated claims and (e) subordinated claims expressed 
by their terms or by law to rank in priority to the Subordinated 
Notes (collectively, "Senior Claims"). 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Subordinated 
Holder will, in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer, only be made after all obligations of the Issuer 
resulting from Senior Claims have been satisfied. 
Events of Default of Subordinated Notes are restricted to 
bankruptcy and liquidation and repayment following an Event 
of Default may be subject to the prior permission of the 
Competent Authority. 
The Subordinated Notes of a Series may qualify as Tier 2 
capital ("Tier 2 Notes") as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms for the purposes of the regulatory capital rules 
applicable to the Issuer from time to time. 
 
The Subordinated Notes and relative Coupons are not eligible 
for any set-off or netting by any Subordinated Holder or 
Couponholder and no Subordinated Holder or Couponholder 
shall be able to exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting 
in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under 
or in connection with the Subordinated Notes or relative 
Coupons. 
 
Variation or Substitution 
 
If the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Subordinated 
Notes will be subject to Variation or Substitution and if a 
Capital Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer 
may, subject to the prior written permission of the Competent 
Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR (but without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Subordinated 
Holders) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days' notice (which notice shall be irrevocable), either 
substitute all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes or 
vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes so that they remain 
or, as appropriate, become compliant with CRD or such other

--- Page 11 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 11 - 
55-41010271 
 
regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant 
time, provided that such variation or substitution shall not 
result in terms that are materially less favourable to the 
Subordinated Holders and that the resulting securities must 
have at least, inter alia, the same ranking, interest rate, 
maturity date, redemption rights, existing rights to accrued 
interest which has not been paid and assigned the same 
ratings as the Subordinated Notes. 
 
"CRD" and "Capital Event" have the meanings ascribed 
thereto in Condition 7(e) (Redemption, Substitution and 
Variation for regulatory purposes of Subordinated Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation 
 
Subordinated Notes may become subject to the determination 
by the Resolution Authority or the Issuer (following instructions 
from the Resolution Authority) that without the consent of the 
Subordinated Holder (a) all or part of the nominal amount of 
the Subordinated Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect thereof, must be written down, reduced or redeemed 
and cancelled or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, 
subject to write-up by the Resolution Authority (such loss 
absorption, "Statutory Loss Absorption") or (b) all or part of 
the nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes, including 
accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be 
converted into claims which may give right to common equity 
Tier 1 instruments (such conversion, "Recapitalisation"), all 
as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework. Upon 
any such determination, (i) the relevant proportion of the 
outstanding nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes subject 
to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall be 
written down, reduced, redeemed and cancelled or converted 
into claims which may give right to common equity Tier 1 
instruments or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, as 
prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, (ii) such 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall not 
constitute an Event of Default and (iii) the Subordinated 
Holders will have no further claims in respect of the amount so 
written down or subject to conversion or otherwise as a result 
of such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation. 
 
"Resolution Authority", "Applicable Resolution Framework" 
and "Statutory Loss Absorption" have the meanings 
ascribed thereto in Condition 7(j) (Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Ranking in resolution: 
In the event of a resolution of the Issuer, the Resolution 
Authority must in principle apply the following order of priority: 
1. 
CET1 capital instruments; 
2. 
Additional Tier 1 capital instruments; 
3. 
Tier 2 capital instruments (such as Subordinated 
Notes qualifying as Tier 2 instruments); 
4. 
eligible liabilities in the form of subordinated debt 
that is not (or no longer) Additional Tier 1 capital 
or Tier 2 capital in accordance with the hierarchy 
of claims in normal bankruptcy proceedings; 
5. 
eligible liabilities qualifying as statutory senior non-

--- Page 12 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 12 - 
55-41010271 
 
preferred obligations; 
6. 
the rest of eligible liabilities (such as the Senior 
Notes) in accordance with the hierarchy of claims 
in normal bankruptcy proceedings, 
provided always that no creditor may be worse off than in 
bankruptcy. 
Rating: 
S&P has confirmed the following ratings to this Programme: 
- 
Unsecured and Unsubordinated Notes: 'BBB-' / 'A-3' 
representing respectively the long and short term rating. 
An S&P issue credit rating is a forward-looking opinion about 
the creditworthiness of an obligor with respect to a specific 
financial obligation, a specific class of financial obligations, or 
a specific financial program (including ratings on medium-term 
note programs and commercial paper programs). It takes into 
consideration the creditworthiness of guarantors, insurers, or 
other forms of credit enhancement on the obligation and takes 
into account the currency in which the obligation is 
denominated. The issue credit rating is not a recommendation 
to purchase, sell, or hold a financial obligation, inasmuch as it 
does not comment as to market price or suitability for a 
particular investor. 
An obligation rated 'BBB' exhibits adequate protection 
parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or 
changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened 
capacity of the obligor to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation. Ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified by the 
addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative 
standing within the major rating categories. 
A short-term obligation rated 'A-3' exhibits adequate protection 
parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or 
changing circumstances are more likely to weaken an 
obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the 
obligation. 
Moody's has confirmed the following ratings to this 
Programme: 
- 
Unsecured and Unsubordinated Notes: 'Baa1' / 'P-2' 
representing respectively the long and short term rating. 
The purpose of Moody's ratings is to provide investors with a 
simple system of gradation by which relative creditworthiness 
of securities may be noted. Gradations of creditworthiness are 
indicated by rating symbols, with each symbol representing a 
group in which the credit characteristics are broadly the same. 
Moody's assigns long-term ratings to individual debt securities 
issued from medium-term note (MTN) programs, in addition to 
indicating ratings to MTN programs themselves. Notes issued 
under MTN programmes with such indicated ratings are rated 
at issuance at the rating applicable to all pari passu notes 
issued under the same programme, at the programme's 
relevant indicated rating, provided such notes do not exhibit 
any of the characteristics listed below: 
- 
Notes containing features that link interest or principal 
to the credit performance of any third party or parties;

--- Page 13 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 13 - 
55-41010271 
 
- 
Notes allowing for negative coupons, or negative 
principal; 
- 
Notes containing any provision that could obligate the 
investor to make any additional payments; and 
- 
Notes containing provisions that subordinate the 
claim. 
For notes with any of these characteristics, the rating of the 
individual note may differ from the indicated rating of the 
programme. 
Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and 
subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess 
certain 
speculative 
characteristics. 
Moody's 
appends 
numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating 
classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates 
that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating 
category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and 
the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that 
generic rating category. 
Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated 'P-2' have a strong 
ability to repay short-term debt obligations. 
Fitch has confirmed the following ratings to this Programme: 
- 
Unsecured and Unsubordinated Notes: 'BBB+' / 'F2' 
representing respectively the long and short term rating. 
Fitch's credit ratings provide an opinion on the relative ability 
of an entity to meet financial commitments, such as interest, 
preferred dividends, repayment of principal, insurance claims 
or counterparty obligations. Credit ratings are used by 
investors as indications of the likelihood of receiving their 
money back in accordance with the terms on which they 
invested. Fitch's credit ratings cover the global spectrum of 
corporate, sovereign (including supranational and sub-
national), financial, bank, insurance, municipal and other 
public finance entities and the securities or other obligations 
they issue, as well as structured finance securities backed by 
receivables or other financial assets. The rating is not a 
recommendation or suggestion, directly or indirectly, to buy, 
sell, make or hold any investment, loan or security or any 
Issuer. The ratings do not comment on the adequacy of 
market price, the suitability of any investment, loan or security 
for a particular investor (including without limitation, any 
accounting and/or regulatory treatment), or the tax-exempt 
nature or taxability of payments made in respect of any 
investment, loan or security. 
'BBB' ratings indicate that expectations of default risk are 
currently low. The capacity for payment of financial 
commitments is considered adequate but adverse business or 
economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. 
The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended to a rating to denote 
relative status within major rating categories. 
'F2' ratings denote good intrinsic capacity for timely payment 
of financial commitments. 
This information has been accurately reproduced and as far 
as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by S&P, Moody's, and Fitch, no facts

--- Page 14 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 14 - 
55-41010271 
 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
Subordinated Notes will be rated as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will be 
specified in the Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the 
relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under the CRA Regulation unless the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency operating in the 
European Union before 7 June 2010 which has submitted an 
application for registration in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation and such registration is not refused. 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
Application may be made for the Notes as described herein to 
be issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext or to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de 
Luxembourg). The Notes may also be listed on such other 
regulated or unregulated market(s) as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to each 
issue. Unlisted Notes may also be issued. The Final Terms 
relating to each issue will state whether or not the Notes are to 
be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, and, if so, 
on which exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, the laws of The Netherlands. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are selling restrictions in relation to the EEA (and also 
specifically in respect of The Netherlands, Italy and 
Luxembourg), the United Kingdom, Japan, Singapore and the 
United States, and such other restrictions as may be required 
in connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche 
of Notes. See "Subscription and Sale" below.

--- Page 15 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 15 - 
55-41010271 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons. The 
risks described below are not the only risks the Issuer faces. Additional risks and uncertainties 
not presently known to the Issuer or that it currently believes to be immaterial could also have a 
material impact on its business operations. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. 
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the 
order in which the remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood 
of the risks actually materialising, of the potential significance of the risks or of the scope of any 
potential negative impact to the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. The Issuer may face a number of these risks described below simultaneously and 
some risks described below may be interdependent. While the risk factors below have been 
divided into categories, some risk factors could belong in more than one category and 
prospective investors should carefully consider all of the risk factors set out in this section. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. Investing in the Notes involves 
certain risks. Prospective investors should consider, among other things, the following: 
Each prospective investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (i) the Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) the Notes can be used as underlying 
securities for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or 
pledge of any Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER 
Throughout this Base Prospectus "LeasePlan", "LeasePlan Group" or "Group" is used as 
reference to the group of companies which is headed by LPCorp as common shareholder, and 
which has common business characteristics. 
LeasePlan's activities are subject to the normal risks associated with every business such as, 
and not limited to, legal risks, regulatory risks, credit risks, operational risks, compliance risks, 
insurance risks and treasury risks. However, additionally and particularly they are related to 
movements in the residual values of cars. 
(A) 
Risks related to the Issuer's financial situation 
1. 
The Issuer is exposed to credit risk from customers who may default on leasing 
and/or fleet management contracts 
Credit risk is the risk that the Issuer's customers or contractual counterparties will be unable to 
fulfil financial obligations under the terms of a contract with the Issuer, when due. This includes 
the risk of a default on lease payments and other accounts receivable due to the Issuer. 
The Issuer's credit risk is heavily dependent upon its client concentration, the geographic and 
industry segmentation of its credit exposures, the nature of its credit exposures, as well as 
economic factors that may influence the ability of customers to make scheduled payments, 
including business failures, corporate debt levels and debt service burdens and demand for the 
products and services of its customers. For example, there were higher default rates with the 
Issuer's corporate and small and medium sized enterprises ("SME") in 2008 and 2009 during 
the economic crisis. 
The Issuer's credit risk also depends on used vehicle prices, overall demand for new and used 
vehicles and the quality of its portfolio of used vehicles. While the Issuer generally has the 
ability to recover and resell the leased vehicle(s) following a customer default, the resale value 
of the recovered vehicle(s) may not be adequate to cover its loss as a result of a default. 
Although the Issuer estimates impairment charges in its consolidated annual financial

--- Page 16 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 16 - 
55-41010271 
 
statements for possible losses on its existing debtors based on its past experience and general 
economic conditions, there can be no assurance that its impairment charges will be sufficient to 
cover actual losses resulting from customer defaults, particularly if the rate of customer default 
increases significantly. 
For the Issuer's corporate counterparties, the Issuer assesses and monitors the probability of 
default of individual counterparties using data from external sources (e.g., rating agencies) and 
determines an internal rating based on customer data, external data and statistical models. The 
internal rating is used to support the (manual) decision making process and for managing 
portfolio risk. Although the Issuer's local credit acceptance policies, which are reviewed on a 
regular basis, take into account market conditions, an increase in credit risk could increase the 
Issuer's provisions for credit losses. There can be no assurance that the Issuer's origination 
procedures, monitoring of credit risk, payment servicing activities, maintenance of customer 
account records or repossession policies are or will be sufficient to prevent a material adverse 
effect on its liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
2. 
The Issuer is exposed to credit risk from its counterparties on financial 
instruments and reinsurance contracts 
The Issuer manages its interest rate risk, its currency risk and its balance sheet as a whole by 
entering into derivative transactions with financial institutions and through short-term 
placements of cash and current account balances with financial institutions. The Issuer also 
enters into reinsurance agreements with various reinsurers with respect to third-party liability 
and catastrophic events. Its ability to engage in derivatives transactions could be adversely 
affected by the actions and commercial soundness of financial institutions who are its hedge 
counterparties. The Issuer's derivative contracts, reinsurance agreements and deposit 
arrangements expose LeasePlan to credit risk in the event of a default by its counterparty. It is 
possible that the Issuer could suffer losses as a result of its counterparty exposures and such 
losses could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. 
In 2020, the net impairment charges on lease receivables from clients of the Issuer was EUR 
77.3 million, compared to EUR 30.8 million in 2019. 
3. 
Changes in interest rates may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
financial condition and results of operations 
The Issuer accepts and offers lease contracts to clients at both fixed and floating interest rates, 
for various periods and in various currencies. It is the Issuer's policy to seek to match the 
interest rate risk profile of its contract portfolio of leases with a corresponding interest rate 
funding profile to seek to minimize its interest rate risks at the Group level. This matching 
principle is monitored through interest rate gap reports. The Issuer has interest bearing assets 
(mainly lease contracts) which are funded through interest bearing liabilities (mainly debt 
securities issued, funds entrusted and borrowings from financial institutions) and non-interest 
bearing liabilities (net working capital and equity). However, any mismatch between these 
interest rates could expose the Issuer to losses or reduced earnings or income. 
Due to the accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments, the Issuer is exposed to 
volatility in its income statement caused by interest rate fluctuations, particularly regarding 
derivative financial instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting. As at 31 December 
2020, such instruments amounted to €201,181,168.  
Any of the above factors may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition 
and results of operations. 
4. 
Changes in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect the Issuer's 
financial condition and results of operations 
The Issuer's functional currency and its reporting currency for its consolidated financial 
statements is the euro. However, because of the Issuer's presence in around 30 countries some 
of which are outside the Eurozone, the Issuer has substantial assets, liabilities, revenues and 
costs denominated in currencies other than the euro. The global nature of the Issuer's 
operations therefore exposes it to exchange rate volatility as a result of potential mismatches 
between the currencies in which assets and liabilities are denominated and as a result of the 
translation effect on the Issuer's reported earnings, cash flow and financial condition.

--- Page 17 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 17 - 
55-41010271 
 
The Issuer is exposed to transactional foreign exchange rate risk when a subsidiary enters into 
a transaction in a currency other than the subsidiary's functional currency. For example, the 
Turkish lira is a currency where the Issuer in the past bore, and in the future may bear, an 
increased transactional foreign exchange rate risk due to the weakened correlation between the 
euro and the Turkish lira from late 2017 onwards, which has been driven by the exceptional 
period of volatility and overall depreciation of the Turkish lira resulting from political and 
economic uncertainty. This led to decreasing used car prices in Turkey in euro terms. At such 
time, the Issuer recognised for the year ended 31 December 2018 an impairment charge of 
€103.5 million on its equipment under operating lease contracts, comprising €88.2 million for 
loss-making lease contracts and €15.3 million for the write-down of inventory related to its 
Turkish fleet. The impairment recognised in Turkey during 2018 was partially reversed in 2019. 
The reversal in the amount of €40.9 million was due to the positive impact of fluctuation of the 
forward rates in Turkey. The remaining impairment was reversed during 2020. 
The Issuer seeks to manage its transactional foreign exchange rate risk by attempting to limit 
the exposure to the effects of fluctuations in currencies on its financial condition and cash flows 
through funding its debt directly or through derivatives in the currency in which assets are 
originated and allocating the Issuer's capital in the currencies in which assets are denominated. 
There can be no assurance that the Issuer's efforts to mitigate the effects of currency exchange 
rate fluctuations will be successful, and its failure to do so could have a material adverse effect 
on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition, the Issuer has in the past accessed, and plans to continue to access, the 
international capital markets by borrowing in a variety of available currencies, which subjects 
the Issuer to risks inherent in borrowing funds in other currencies and using such funds to 
transact business predominantly in euro. Although the Issuer seeks to minimize such risks by 
entering into hedging arrangements, there is no guarantee that these measures will be 
effectively implemented or that they will be available on favourable terms or at all. In which case 
fluctuations in exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer is also subject to translation risk, which is the risk associated with consolidating the 
financial statements of subsidiaries that conduct business in currencies other than the euro or 
have a functional currency other than the euro. As the Issuer does not hedge its equity 
positions, fluctuations in the value of the euro relative to currencies in which the Issuer conducts 
operations will affect the Issuer's consolidated financial statements as a result of translation 
exposure and may adversely affect the Issuer's financial condition and results of operations. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates could also significantly affect the comparability of the Issuer's 
results of operations between periods. 
5. 
The Issuer is subject to changes in financial reporting standards, such as IFRS 17 
Insurance contracts, or policies, including as a result of choices made by the 
Issuer, which could materially adversely affect Issuer's reported results of 
operations and financial condition and may have a corresponding material 
adverse impact on capital ratios 
The Issuer's consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with IFRS as 
adopted by the European Union. Accordingly, from time to time the Issuer is required to adopt 
new or revised IFRS issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB") and 
adopted by the European Union. 
The Issuer will adopt IFRS 17 (as issued by the IASB in May 2017) by the required effective 
date of 1 January 2023. IFRS 17 includes a current measurement model where estimates are 
re-measured each reporting period. The standard is expected to impact the damage risk 
retention provision. The measurement of the insurance liabilities present value of future cash 
flows, incorporating an explicit risk adjustment, remeasured every reporting period (the fulfilment 
cash flows). A contractual service margin defers any day one gain. The standard allows a 
choice between recognizing changes in discount rates either in the income statement or directly 
in other comprehensive income. A simplified premium allocation approach may be applied for 
contracts that meet specific conditions which might apply to most of Issuers contracts. This 
approach is quite similar to current accounting under IFRS 4. The Group is currently assessing 
the impact of IFRS 17, and as such is not able to quantify its impact.

--- Page 18 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 18 - 
55-41010271 
 
These and further changes in financial reporting standards or policies, including as a result of 
choices made by the Issuer, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's reported 
results of operations and financial condition and may have a corresponding material adverse 
effect on capital ratios. 
6. 
The Issuer's business requires substantial funding and liquidity, and disruption in 
the Issuer's funding sources or access to the capital markets could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, liquidity, cash flows, financial condition 
and results of operations 
The Issuer's continued operations and expansion require access to significant amounts of 
funding. The Issuer wants to strengthen its presence in current markets. The Issuer intends to 
meet a substantial portion of its funding needs with debt. Historically, the Issuer has satisfied its 
funding requirements principally through the issuance of long and short-term debt securities, 
bank loans, operating cash flows and the securitisation of lease receivables including residual 
values and it is therefore dependent on continued access to these funding sources. The Issuer 
has also been able to rely on retail deposits to meet part of its funding needs since 2010. 
However, this diversification may be limited in the future by potential market or regulatory 
changes in the banking sector in The Netherlands and the European Union, in particular 
developments with respect to capital and liquidity requirements (including the net stable funding 
ratio ("NSFR")). Due to the Issuer's ongoing funding needs, it is exposed to liquidity risk in the 
event of prolonged closure of debt or credit markets or limited credit availability. Liquidity risk is 
the risk that the Issuer will have insufficient liquidity to finance new vehicle purchases for lease 
contracts and meet its obligations as they fall due. If the Issuer cannot access existing or new 
sources of funds on favourable terms, insufficient liquidity would have a material adverse effect 
on its business, liquidity, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition, the Issuer is significantly affected by the policies of national governments and EU 
institutions, such as the European Central Bank, which regulates the money and credit supply in 
the Eurozone. For example, during the global economic crisis the Issuer used securitisations of 
its lease receivables as collateral for loans from the European Central Bank and LeasePlan was 
able to access the 2008 Credit Guarantee Scheme of the State of The Netherlands for the 
issuance of medium term debt. These funding options may or may not be available in the event 
of any similarly adverse economic conditions in the future. Changes in such policies, including 
as to the types of collateral available for European Central Bank funding or special legislation by 
national governments, are beyond the Issuer's control, may be difficult to predict and could 
adversely affect its liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
There can be no assurance that the Issuer's current financing arrangements will provide it with 
sufficient liquidity under various market and economic scenarios. Retail deposits are subject to 
fluctuation due to certain factors, such as a loss of confidence, increasing competitive pressures 
or the encouraged or mandated repatriation of deposits, which could result in a significant 
outflow of deposits within a short period of time. Similarly, on 23 June 2016 the United Kingdom 
voted to leave the European Union in a referendum (the "Brexit"). The consequences of the 
Brexit remain uncertain. The Brexit may lead to volatility in financial markets and may lead to 
liquidity disruptions or market dislocations. After several extensions, the Brexit took place on 31 
January 2020. From such date, the EU treaties ceased to apply to the United Kingdom and the 
United Kingdom left the EU and entered a transition period which was set to expire on 31 
December 2020. On 1 January 2021, the transitional phase in which the rules and regulations of 
the European Union remained applicable for the United Kingdom ceased to apply. Although the 
European Union and the UK agreed a post-Brexit "EU-UK Trade and Cooperation" Agreement 
on 24 December 2020, it is not yet fully certain what arrangements will define the future 
relationship between the European Union and the UK, or the length of time that this may take. 
Even if the Issuer's assets and available funding arrangements provide the Issuer with sufficient 
liquidity, its costs of funding could increase, including as a result of utilisation of such funding 
arrangements. 
Furthermore, factors such as political events and trends, terrorism, volatility and strength of the 
capital markets, pandemics and epidemics or other health emergencies all impact the business 
and economic environment in which the Issuer operates. Certain of these risks are often 
experienced globally as well as in specific geographic regions where the Issuer does business. 
An example of a global epidemic is the coronavirus (or Covid-19) outbreak, which has spread 
globally in 2020 and has disrupted various markets and resulted in uncertainty about the

--- Page 19 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 19 - 
55-41010271 
 
development of the economies affected by the outbreak. The exact ramifications of the 
coronavirus outbreak are highly uncertain and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, it is 
difficult for the Issuer to predict the spread or duration of the pandemic. See also the section 
"Recent Developments - Impact of the coronavirus (or Covid-19)" for further information in 
respect of the impact of the coronavirus outbreak on the Issuer. Any of the foregoing factors 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, liquidity, cash flows, financial 
condition and results of operations as well as the residual values of the Issuer's leased vehicles. 
In addition, any disruption of markets due to the coronavirus outbreak may impact the Issuer's 
ability to raise funds. 
The Issuer has historically benefited from an investment grade credit rating and any negative 
change in its current rating could reduce its access to and increase the cost of future funding 
from its funding arrangements. A credit rating deterioration could reduce public confidence in 
the Issuer and its operating subsidiaries and thereby (a) make it more difficult and/or more 
costly to access additional debt and equity capital, including hybrid capital and the Group's 
securitisation programme, or to redeem and replace such capital, (b) increase collateral 
requirements, give rise to additional payments, or afford termination rights, to counterparties 
under derivative contracts or other agreements, and (c) impair, or cause the termination of, the 
Issuer's relationships with creditors, distributors or trading counterparties. 
Additionally, any changes to its credit rating or the credit ratings of its significant corporate 
customers, the lease receivables which it has used and may use to fund its securitisation 
programme, could affect its securitisation programme's rating and the costs of any new 
issuances. To the extent that the Issuer is unable to pass on any increased borrowing costs to 
customers, its financial condition, results of operations and potentially the Issuer's ability to raise 
funds, could be materially adversely affected. 
(B) 
Risks related to the Issuer's business activities and industry 
7. 
A decrease in the residual values (or the sales proceeds) of the Issuer's leased 
vehicles could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial 
condition and results of operations 
The proceeds invoiced upon the sale of a used vehicle ("Vehicle Sales") and the risk of such 
Vehicle Sales proceeds being less than the contract end book value (i.e., the book value of a 
vehicle at the contractual end date as determined at the inception of a lease contract (the 
"Initial Contract-End Book Value"), modified for any adjustments with respect to contract 
duration and mileage requested by a customer, including informal lease extensions and early 
termination fees ("Interim Contract Adjustments") between the start and the end of the 
contract and including fees for excessive wear and tear and mileage variation adjustments 
charged to customers at the conclusion of the contract) (the "Actual Contracted-End Book 
Value"), is mainly affected by external factors, including, among others and not limited to, 
changes in economic conditions, consumer confidence, consumer preferences, exchange rates, 
emissions regulations and other government policies, new vehicle pricing, new vehicle sales, 
new vehicle brand images or marketing programs, the actual or perceived quality, safety or 
reliability of vehicles, the mix of used vehicle supply, the liquidation of car manufacturers, the 
levels of current used vehicle values, emission values and fuel prices. For example, the global 
economic crisis in 2008 resulted in a significant decrease of used car values (on average more 
than 10 per cent. in 2008), resulting in a significant decrease in Vehicle Sales proceeds during 
that year. After 2008, price levels gradually improved, although they only fully recovered to pre-
crisis levels in 2016. 
The Issuer is exposed to potential loss from Vehicle Sales declining below the Actual 
Contracted-End Book Value and has a number of off-balance sheet residual value 
commitments, which are related to contracts with customers that own the vehicles themselves 
but outsource the market price risk to the Issuer. However, the Issuer does not retain residual 
value risk for all of its funded vehicles. The Issuer does not run residual value risk on vehicles 
that are classified as finance leases in the annual accounts. The Issuer depreciates the leased 
vehicles during the life of the lease on a straight line basis based on its estimates at lease 
inception of the resale value of the leased vehicle at lease termination. However, the Issuer 
reassesses its depreciation costs on leased vehicles throughout the life of the lease to reflect 
any changes to the estimated residual values of the leased vehicles. As a result, reductions in 
today's Vehicle Sales proceeds not only cause losses for vehicles terminated now, but also

--- Page 20 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 20 - 
55-41010271 
 
increase the risk of having to take additional (prospective) depreciation charges into the current 
accounting period. Further, even if the Issuer is able to successfully pass the increased 
depreciation costs on to customers in a timely manner, these additional costs could make its 
services less attractive to customers, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, there can be no assurance 
that the adjustments the Issuer makes to the Issuer's depreciation costs during the life of the 
lease contract reflect the full decline of the residual value of the leased vehicle based on the 
Vehicle Sales proceeds from such vehicle. A decrease in the expected Vehicles Sales of the 
Issuer's used operating lease vehicles could increase the prospective depreciation or 
impairment charges while the vehicle is leased. For example, during the year ended 31 
December 2018, the Issuer recorded a € 28.5 million impairment for loss-making lease 
contracts based on the expected sales proceeds of our German fleet for the following two years. 
As of 31 December 2019, after having terminated part of the loss-making lease contracts and 
released the associated impairment, the total cumulative impairment on our balance sheet 
relating to German lease contracts amounted to € 21.5 million.  During 2020, an amount of € 7.3 
million was recognised due to true-up for the operating lease impairment. The remaining 
impairment amount on the balance sheet is € 28.8 million as of 31 December 2020. The 
valuation of the Issuer's German leasing portfolio and the assessment of the value in use is 
performed based on a discounted cash-flow-to-equity model which applies a discount rate of 
10.4 per cent. During 2020, the Issuer recognised operating lease assets impairment in an 
amount of € 97.9 million related to loss-making lease contracts and book value losses for cars 
from defaulted customers. 
Since January 2014, the strong recovery of the second-hand car market has led the Issuer to 
increase residual values it set at contract inception, which could increase its exposure to the 
risks described above. To the extent that market prices of second-hand vehicles fail to develop 
as anticipated over the life of these contracts, the Issuer's results of vehicles sold could be 
negatively affected and the Issuer could suffer losses from increased (prospective) depreciation 
expenses or on the resale of these vehicles at lease termination. 
The Issuer's ability to efficiently process and effectively market off-lease vehicles affects the 
disposal costs and proceeds realized from Vehicle Sales. Any of the factors that reduce the 
Vehicle Sales proceeds of leased vehicles could force the Issuer to reduce concurrently the 
estimated residual values of the leased vehicles in its fleet and cause a loss from increased 
prospective depreciation expenses or cause a loss on the sale of the vehicle on lease 
termination, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
8. 
The Group may suffer from adverse developments in the automotive industry, 
including regarding diesel vehicles, and the other markets directly related to its 
business. Technology changes could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations 
General developments in the automotive industry are important for the Group, due to their 
effects on the terms and conditions (including price levels) for purchasing, servicing and 
eventually reselling its vehicles, which in turn could impact the demand for, and pricing of, the 
Group's services. 
The Group is dependent on developments in automotive trends and technology changes, which 
are subject to a variety of factors that it cannot influence. These include, for example, the 
evolution of oil prices and renewable energy prices and infrastructure, the expansion of public 
transport infrastructure, availability of popular electric vehicle models, new technologies such as 
autonomous driving software, urban policies adversely affecting personal car use, changes in 
government policies affecting diesel vehicles in Europe or other markets in which the Group 
operates, the imposition of carbon taxes and other regulatory measures to address climate 
change, pollution or other negative impacts of mass transport. A negative development of these 
factors may affect the use of vehicles in general and therefore the business of the Group. 
In addition, the Group is dependent on being able to purchase popular vehicle models on 
competitive terms. The factors mentioned above also influence both the purchase prices of 
vehicles and the resale prices of used vehicles. Market consolidation or down-sizing or 
liquidations of individual car manufacturers could also materially affect the availability of certain

--- Page 21 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 21 - 
55-41010271 
 
vehicles and the bargaining power of the Group when negotiating competitive prices for the 
vehicles it purchases to satisfy the Group's customer needs. 
The Group operates in a highly competitive environment characterised by a process of 
consolidation in a number of its core markets, particularly in the more mature European and 
North American markets. This reflects the relatively limited opportunities for further penetration 
in the corporate customer segment and the increasing importance of scale for Car-as-a-Service 
("CaaS") providers such as the Group. 
In recent years, some car manufacturers have been accused of manipulating emission levels. 
Such scandals may induce stricter regulations, influence customer purchasing decisions and 
the market prices of certain affected vehicle models. Although the Group has a relatively short 
cycle of refreshing its entire fleet every three to four years, emission scandals in the past or 
future could potentially negatively affect the market prices of certain of its used vehicles 
(including diesel powered vehicles) and have other adverse effects on the business of the 
Group. 
Furthermore, the Issuer is subject to risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy. 
Given the nature of its business, the risks the Issuer faces are linked to its transition from 
internal combustion engines ("ICE") vehicles in the Issuer's fleet to low and zero emission 
alternatives. Such transition could impact aspects of the Issuer's business model, which is 
predominantly based on the procurement, management and disposal of ICE vehicles. In some 
cases, the profitability of parts of the Issuer's value chain could be adversely affected. For 
example, depreciation of the average electric vehicles is greater than that of other types of 
vehicles, which may lead the Issuer to reconfigure its business model. The Issuer is currently 
not in a position to quantify any potential impact. 
Finally, prices for petroleum-based products, which include petrol, diesel and tyres, have 
experienced volatility in recent years. If oil prices were to recover and return to higher levels, 
automotive travel patterns might be adversely affected in many ways. 
The materialisation of any of the risks described above could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
9. 
The Issuer faces risks related to its motor insurance business and local risk 
retention schemes 
The Issuer is, amongst others, exposed to claims for third-party liability (which includes personal 
injury, death and property damage), motor material damage, passenger indemnity and legal 
assistance. These claims are retained by the Issuer's wholly owned specialist motor insurance 
company, Euro Insurances DAC which trades as LeasePlan Insurance ("Euro Insurances"), or, 
for motor material damages, locally by Group companies under local risk retention schemes. 
During 2020, Euro Insurances has closed its business in the UK, Australia and New Zealand. 
As of 31 December 2020, Euro Insurances is active in 20 countries and provides insurance 
coverage to Group companies and their customers in most of these markets. Euro Insurances is 
based in Dublin, Ireland and is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland. Euro Insurances 
provides insurance to Group companies and their customers for third-party liability, passenger 
indemnity and legal assistance risks, among others, in relation to vehicle leasing and fleet 
management. However, the Group is still exposed to these risks as Euro Insurances is a 
consolidated subsidiary of the Group. Although the Issuer purchases external reinsurance cover 
on an excess loss basis for two principal risks, motor third-party liability and catastrophic events, 
to seek to minimize the financial impact of a single large accident or event, it remains exposed 
to significant claims, insufficient premiums to cover its risk exposure, ineffective (re)insurance 
coverage for its insurance business, delays in the recovery of funds owed under reinsurance 
policies and regulatory sanctions (including loss of its insurance, insurance mediation and/or 
claim handling licenses). 
The Issuer may have difficulty reinsuring its motor third-party liability exposure, or may be able 
to reinsure such exposure only on less favourable terms. With respect to catastrophic events, 
there can be no assurance that liabilities in respect of existing or future claims will not exceed 
the limits of the insurance or reinsurance policies the Issuer has taken out. 
Some of the Issuerʼs subsidiaries provide a service to their customers to repair and pay for the 
damages that occur to the leased vehicles during the lease contract. The customers pay a fee

--- Page 22 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 22 - 
55-41010271 
 
for this service as part of the leasing product. This is known as a local risk retention scheme. 
Under a risk retention scheme, damage risk, which is the risk that the cost of vehicle repair 
exceeds the fee paid by the customer, is borne by the Issuer and is not transferred to an 
internal or external insurer. Local pricing managers set the price for local risk retention schemes 
based on strict procedures and based on a risk and return analysis that is required to comply 
with the Issuerʼs risk appetite. However, the Issuer is exposed to the risk under the local risk 
retention schemes of the damages to the leased vehicles being higher than the service fees 
received, resulting in losses. 
In relation to damage insurance underwritten by Euro Insurances and local risk retention 
schemes, the Issuer has chosen not to purchase external insurance coverage against these 
risks based on its risk assessment and risk appetite. However, there can be no assurance that 
the Issuer will not be exposed to uninsured liability for fleet damage or theft at levels in excess 
of historical or expected levels. 
The occurrence of any of the foregoing events could materially adversely affect the Issuerʼs 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
10. 
The Issuer is exposed to operational risks in connection with its activities, 
including 
(simplifying 
its) 
information 
technology 
systems, 
information 
technology security and cybercrime, data protection, outsourcing risks and 
changes in interest rates 
After leasing a vehicle to a customer the Issuer services the lease receivables. Any disruption of 
its servicing activity, due to inability to access or accurately maintain the Issuer's customer 
account records or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to 
collect on those receivables and/or satisfy its customers. 
The Issuer relies on internal and external information and technological systems to manage its 
operations and is exposed to risk of loss resulting from breaches of security, system or control 
failures, inadequate or failed processes, human error, business interruptions and external 
events. In addition, the Issuer is subject to the risk of cybercrime by employees or third parties. 
Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on its ability to conduct its business 
operations, increase its risk of loss resulting from disruptions of normal operating procedures, 
cause the Issuer to incur considerable information retrieval and verification costs, and 
potentially result in financial losses or other damage to the Issuer, including damage to its 
reputation. 
The Issuer traditionally operated a decentralized (i.e., separate for each country) IT landscape 
consisting of bespoke local applications and a dated system to handle its core leasing and other 
processes (New Operational Leasing System, "NOLS"). The Issuer is currently focused on its 
global infrastructure, the development of a governance and control framework, as well as on 
designing the future global processes to be supported by and implemented through the Issuer's 
'Next Generation Digital Architecture' ("NGDA"). This includes developing the NGDA itself. The 
NGDA consists of various modules (e.g. predictive maintenance, insurance claims and contract 
management) based on existing Issuer's best practices and third-party components. The NGDA 
modules are designed to be scalable, with the aim of allowing the Issuer to add more cars to its 
platforms at marginal cost, facilitate incremental product deployments and updates and enable 
integration with third-party systems through advanced application program interfaces ("APIs"). 
The first components of NGDA are already in place in some markets with the remainder 
scheduled in the next years. Over the course of the next 5 years, all LeasePlan countries will be 
folded into NGDA, which is expected to result in a single, global, scalable digital IT architecture. 
Any failure by the Issuer to properly implement the NGDA could result in operational disruptions 
and could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
The Group is subject to complex, evolving and stringent Dutch, European and other 
jurisdictions' laws and regulations regarding the processing (including the collection, access, 
use, handling, retention, sharing and protection) of personal data which the Group receives 
from, and which concern, customers, as well as its personnel and third parties it deals with. Any 
failure to comply with data protection laws may lead to high fines and may undermine the 
Group's reputation and may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 23 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 23 - 
55-41010271 
 
In addition, the Group has outsourcing arrangements with a number of third parties and to a 
number of countries, including for a large part to India, notably in respect of IT and back office 
activities. Other services for which the Group uses outsourcing include parts of its primary 
business operations (including repair, maintenance and tyres, "RMT"), insurance activities 
(including claim handling) and banking services of the Issuer. 
Any failure of counterparties to deliver the contracted services or to deliver these services in 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations and at an adequate and acceptable level could 
all result in reputational damage, claims, fines, losses and damages and could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer accepts and offers lease contracts to customers at both fixed and floating interest 
rates, for various periods and in various currencies. Variable interest rates may be affected by 
changes to or the replacement and discontinuation of certain "benchmarks," including the 
London Inter-Bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), the daily Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") 
and similar interest indices. See also the risk factor entitled "24. The regulation and reform of 
"benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes, such as Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate Notes which are subject to one or more resets linked to such "benchmarks" in respect of 
the impact of benchmark reform on the value of the Notes. Any reforms, variation to, or 
discontinuation of, benchmarks that are used by the Issuer could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer's operations, including the Issuer's derivative transactions, hedge accounting, risk 
modelling, treasury management system and lease contracts and interest-bearing liabilities that 
are linked to such benchmarks. 
11. 
The Issuer may have difficulty in executing its strategy 
An important element of the Issuer's historical growth in both mature and developing vehicle 
fleet markets has been expanding its client base. This includes in particular a faster growth 
planned in SME and Private segments, and in certain sub-segments of the Corporate segment 
(especially international, small corporates and the public sector), and better retention of existing 
customers. If this does not yield the expected results or if the Issuer is unable to retain its 
existing corporate customers, this could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any future recession could have a 
material adverse effect on the execution of the Issuer's growth strategy and this could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The expansion of the Issuer's business may also place disproportionate demands on the 
Issuer's management and on the Issuer's operational and financial personnel and systems. If 
the Issuer is unable to effectively and successfully execute its growth strategy as a result of this 
or any other reason, the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations could be 
materially adversely affected. The Issuer is currently not in a position to assess the likelihood of 
this risk occurring. However, for example, in 2019 the Issuer was forced to recognize an 
impairment loss of €92 million as it determined that the strategy in relation to its main IT 
development project, CLS, was not successful (see for other operational factors that may affect 
the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations also the risk factor entitled 
"10. The Issuer is exposed to operational risks in connection with its activities, including 
(simplifying its) information technology systems, information technology security and 
cybercrime, data protection, outsourcing risks and changes in interest rates"). 
Also, the Issuer's business, future growth and success depend to a significant extent on the 
experience, knowledge and business relationships of members of its senior management who 
could be difficult to replace. In particular, the Issuer believes that the implementation and 
execution of its strategy depends on the continued availability of its senior management and 
other key personnel. 
If the Issuer is unable to successfully implement its strategy or if it does not yield the expected 
results, this could have a material adverse effect on its reputation, business, financial condition, 
revenues and results of operations.

--- Page 24 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 24 - 
55-41010271 
 
12. 
The Issuer continues to review strategic alternatives with regard to CarNext.com 
and cannot guarantee that one of the selected alternatives will not have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations 
The Issuer continues to review various strategic alternatives with respect to CarNext.com. A 
failure to effectively address risks which may arise out of any action with regard to CarNext.com, 
which may include the potential full or partial separation of CarNext.com from the Group, may 
result in a decrease in the Issuer's profitability. Such actions could result in sales of LeasePlan's 
fleet through the CarNext.com B2B and B2C platforms becoming subject to a fee. As a result, 
the Issuer could experience a decline in profitability, driven by either a decrease in its revenues 
or through a net increase in its costs following the separation. 
While the Issuer currently exceeds its regulatory capital requirements imposed as a result of 
extensive applicable banking and insurance regulations, it cannot exclude the possibility that the 
minimum requirement could increase or that the ECB will impose additional prudential 
requirements as a result of any action with regard to CarNext.com. The Issuer is dependent on 
the ECB in this respect and as such not in a position to assess any potential impact at this time.  
Any such action may also result in a loss of assets, key talent, access to vehicle pricing data 
and expertise, which the Issuer may not be able to sufficiently replace, if at all, which could have 
a material adverse effect on its remaining operations, as well as involving significant 
management time and cost. For example, it may entail procuring works council approvals in 
various jurisdictions in which the Issuer operates, which could be time consuming, expensive 
and result in unanticipated delays. Finally, since the Issuer's review is ongoing, any risk analysis 
and planning remains subject to change and as such, the impacts are also subject to change. 
The materialization of any of the risks described above could have a material adverse effect on 
its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
(C) 
Legal and regulatory risk 
13. 
The Issuer is subject to a bank supervisory regime in The Netherlands and other 
regulatory regimes and regulatory actions in the jurisdictions in which it operates, 
including The Netherlands, and changes in these regulatory regimes could 
adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of operations and 
liquidity 
The Group has a number of licensed and regulated entities, of which the Issuer as a bank and 
Euro Insurances as an insurance company are highly regulated. The Group also has a number 
of subsidiaries which are regulated because of the provision of financial services in direct 
connection with the leasing business (such as insurances intermediaries and offerors of credit). 
Non-compliance with applicable regulations could subject the Group to administrative penalties, 
criminal penalties and other enforcement measures imposed by a particular governmental or 
self-regulatory authority, and could lead to unanticipated costs associated with remedying such 
failures and adverse publicity. It could also harm the Group's reputation and the relationships 
with supervisory authorities, cause temporary interruption of operations, and could cause 
revocation or temporary suspension of licences. In addition, the non-compliance with laws and 
regulations may give rise to litigation. Each of these risks, should they materialise, could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's reputation, business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
As the Issuer's balance sheet total of €30 billion on the regulatory consolidated level was 
surpassed, the Issuer was qualified as a significant institution and as a result, as of 1 January 
2021, the Issuer's supervision has been transferred from the DNB to the European Central Bank 
(the "ECB"). Therefore, from such date, the Issuer falls under the direct supervision of the ECB. 
The transition of prudential supervision from DNB to the ECB may for the years to come have a 
significant impact on supervision of the Issuer. As the relationship between the Issuer and the 
ECB will likely be different from the Issuer’s relationship with DNB, the Issuer may be forced to 
significantly invest in resources to familiarise the new supervisory authority with the Issuer’s 
business and financial position and to adapt to the new supervisory approach.

--- Page 25 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 25 - 
55-41010271 
 
CRD IV / CRR 
The Issuer is required by regulators in The Netherlands, the European Union and in other 
jurisdictions in which it undertakes regulated activities, to maintain adequate capital resources. 
The maintenance of adequate capital is also necessary for the Issuer's financial flexibility in the 
face of continuing turbulence and uncertainty in the global economy. New regulatory capital 
requirements including the initiatives informally known as Basel IV (as mentioned below) could 
also affect the scope, coverage, or calculation of capital, all of which could require the Issuer to 
reduce business levels or restrict certain activities or to raise additional capital, including in 
ways that may adversely impact the Issuer's creditors, including the Noteholders. 
The Issuer evaluates the adequacy of its capital and its liquidity under both forecast and stress 
conditions as part of the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process ("ICAAP") and the 
Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process ("ILAAP"), in which it may conclude that 
additional capital or liquidity would be required over the minimum requirements set out above. It 
is possible that the ECB would require the Issuer in its Supervisory Review and Evaluation 
Process ("SREP"), amongst others, to hold more capital because of a perceived inappropriate 
risk management framework, risk culture and governance. The ECB may demand the Issuer to 
take measures, for example requiring improvement of systems or reduction of risks. Any such 
measures may materially and adversely affect the Issuer's business and may force the Issuer to 
make substantial investments to meet the requirements. 
If the Issuer's capital position were to deteriorate or its minimum capital requirements were to 
increase, it could be required to raise additional regulatory capital, or become subject to 
supervisory interventions, limitations or a prohibition to pay dividends and variable 
remuneration, the occurrence of any of which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") 
published its final standards. These standards are informally known as Basel IV and being 
implemented in the Capital Requirements Directive (2013/36/EU) known as "CRD IV" and 
Capital Requirements Regulation ((EU) No 575/2013) known as "CRR". Of the Basel IV 
standards, the constraints on the use of internal model approaches is expected to have the 
most significant impact on the Issuer. As a result of the implementation of these constraints, the 
Issuer will no longer be allowed to apply the Internal Rating Based (“IRB”) approach for certain 
exposures and model parameter floors will be introduced. The new market risk framework, 
adopted by the Basel Committee in January 2016, may similarly have a significant impact on 
the calculation of the Issuer's risk weighted assets, although its exact implementation through 
European Union regulation and impact remains subject to uncertainty.  
The Issuer currently exceeds its regulatory capital requirements and reported a CET1 ratio of 
16.7% as per 31 December 2020. As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer's liquidity coverage ratio 
("LCR") calculated under CRD IV as at that date would be above the prescribed minimum. The 
NSFR calculated under CRD IV as at that date would be slightly above the prescribed minimum 
thresholds. However, no assurance can be given that the Issuer will be able to maintain these 
ratios or that the minimum requirements will not increase.  
Based on the Issuer's preliminary assessment, the impact of future changes in regulatory capital 
and liquidity requirements as a result of the implementation of the Basel III reforms as published 
on 7 December 2017 (the "Basel III Reforms") could be substantial. 
Although management options are available to the Issuer in order to reduce the impact of the 
reforms described above (especially regarding the effects of the new definition of default) on its 
total risk exposure amount ("TREA") and CET1 ratio, the impact may still be substantial. Absent 
the impact of any such mitigating actions and based on an assessment taking into account data 
up until June 2020, the Issuer estimated that its TREA could increase due to the impact of the 
implementation of the European Banking Authority ("EBA") guidelines on the definition of 
default during the course of 2021 with an amount of up to € 2.7 billion, causing a decrease of up 
to 2.4 per cent. in its CET1 ratio, in each case compared to 31 December 2020. Together with 
the impact from the implementation of all Basel III Reforms, the Issuer has estimated a 
decrease of its CET1 ratio of up to approximately 5 per cent to the extent these proposals are 
implemented in full by 2023 (for the avoidance of doubt reflecting the cumulative impact of the 
implementation of the EBA guidelines on the definition of default and the implementation of all 
Basel III Reforms), compared to 31 December 2020. While the Issuer would expect its required

--- Page 26 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 26 - 
55-41010271 
 
regulatory capital ratios to fall as a result of the implementation of the Basel III Reforms, the net 
effect of these changes may result in a material increase in the absolute amount of capital the 
Issuer is required to hold. Discussions between the (financial services) industry and regulatory 
authorities with respect to the effects of the proposed implementation of the Basel III Reforms in 
conjunction with the new guidelines and technical standards on the definition of default are still 
ongoing and the exact impact of these changes on the Issuer is therefore yet to be fully 
determined by the Issuer.  
These and other future changes to capital adequacy and liquidity requirements in the 
jurisdictions in which the Issuer operates may require it to raise additional Tier 1, Common 
Equity Tier 1 and/or Tier 2 capital. If the Issuer is unable to raise the requisite Tier 1 and Tier 2 
capital, it may be required to reduce the amount of its TREA and engage in the disposition of 
businesses or assets, which may not occur on a timely basis or at prices which would otherwise 
be attractive to the Issuer. Any change that limits the Issuer's ability to manage effectively its 
balance sheet and capital resources going forward (including, for example, reductions in profits 
and retained earnings as a result of write-downs or otherwise, increases in risk-weighted 
assets, delays in the disposal of certain assets, a growth in unfunded pension exposures or 
otherwise) or to access funding sources, may have a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial condition, regulatory capital position and liquidity. 
BRRD / SRM 
The BRRD sets out a common European recovery and resolution framework which is composed 
of three pillars: (i) preparation (by requiring banks to draw up recovery plans and resolution 
authority to draw up resolution plans), (ii) early intervention powers and (iii) resolution powers. 
(i) Preparation 
In accordance with the BRRD, the Issuer is required to draw up and maintain a recovery plan.  
Furthermore, the resolution authorities responsible for a resolution in relation to the Issuer (the 
European Single Resolution Board and/or any other resolution authority, the "Resolution 
Authority") may draw up the Issuer's resolution plan providing for resolution actions it may take 
if the Issuer would fail or would be likely to fail. Although the Issuer currently is not subject to 
any minimum amount of own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") requirements, the Resolution 
Authority may in the future determine, after consultation with competent authorities, a minimum 
requirement for MREL, calculated as a percentage of total liabilities and own funds and taking 
into account the resolvability, risk profile, systemic importance and other characteristics of the 
bank, which the Issuer would be required to meet. Any such future MREL requirement may 
result in higher capital and funding costs for the Issuer, and as a result adversely affect the 
Issuer's profit. 
(ii) Early intervention powers 
If the Issuer does not comply with or, due to a rapidly deteriorating financial position, would be 
likely not to comply with capital or liquidity requirements in the near future, the supervisory 
authorities will have the power to impose early intervention measures. A rapidly deteriorating 
financial position could, for example, occur in the case of a deterioration of the Issuer's liquidity 
situation, increasing level of leverage and non-performing loans. Intervention measures include 
the power to require changes to the legal or operational structure of the Issuer, the power to 
make changes to the Issuer's business strategy, and the power to require the Issuer's managing 
board (the "Managing Board") to convene a general meeting of shareholders, set the agenda 
and require certain decisions to be considered for adoption by the general meeting. 
Furthermore, if these early intervention measures are not considered sufficient, the Resolution 
Authority may replace management or install a temporary administrator. A special manager may 
also be appointed who will be granted management authority over the bank instead of its 
existing board members, in order to implement the measures decided on by the Resolution 
Authority. 
If the Issuer or the group were to reach a point of non-viability, the Resolution Authority could 
take pre-resolution measures. These measures include the write down and cancelation of 
shares, and the write down and conversion of capital instruments into shares (such as 
additional tier 1 notes and Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes) (the "Write-Down 
and Conversion Power") (see also the risk factor entitled "32. Banking legislation for ailing

--- Page 27 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 27 - 
55-41010271 
 
banks give regulators resolution powers (including powers to write down and convert debt) that 
could negatively affect the position of certain categories of the Noteholders" for further 
information in respect of regulators' resolution powers). A write down or conversion of capital 
instruments into shares could adversely affect the rights and effective remedies of Noteholders 
and the market value of their Notes could be negatively affected resulting in losses for 
Noteholders. 
(iii) Resolution powers 
Furthermore, the BRRD and regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (as amended, the "SRM") provide a 
Resolution Authority with broader powers to implement resolution measures with respect to 
banks which meet the conditions for resolution, which may include (without limitation) the sale of 
the bank's business to a third party or a bridge institution, the separation of assets, the power to 
ensure that capital instruments and certain eligible liabilities (which may include the Notes) 
absorb losses when the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution, through the write-down or 
conversion to equity of such instruments (the "Bail-In Tool"), the replacement or substitution of 
the bank as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt 
instruments and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. 
Noteholders may not be able to anticipate the exercise of any resolution power by the 
Resolution Authority nor the potential effect of any exercise of such powers on the Issuer or the 
Noteholders' rights under the Notes. 
Subject to certain exceptions, as soon as any of these proposed proceedings have been 
initiated by the Resolution Authority, as applicable, the relevant counterparties of such bank 
(including the Noteholders in case any such proceedings are directed against the Issuer) would 
not be entitled to invoke events of default or set off their claims against the bank for this 
purpose. 
Due to the size of the banking business of the Issuer and the assessment of the risks posed by 
its operations to the entire financial system, it was stated following the last review by the 
Resolution Authority that the Issuer did not meet the conditions for a resolution under the SRM 
and BRRD should it reach a point of non-viability. This means the Issuer would be subject to 
national insolvency proceedings or could be subjected to special measures (bijzondere 
maatregelen) within the meaning of Chapter 6 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op 
het financieel toezicht, the "FMSA"). However, the Resolution Authority could decide differently 
(i) following its assessment in the annual cycle this year or (ii) at any time and impose resolution 
powers in relation to the Issuer should it reach a point of non-viability. 
The EU Banking Reforms, BRRD and SRM may increase the Issuer's cost of funding and 
thereby have an adverse impact on the Issuer's funding ability, financial position and results of 
operations. 
14. 
The Issuer's participation in the Deposit Guarantee Scheme could have a material 
adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations 
The Issuer as a bank, must contribute to the deposit guarantee scheme ("DGS"), a resolution 
fund for failing banks and in the near future also to the guarantee scheme with respect to 
insurances. These contributions or premiums are costly and the costs may be increased over 
time. For example, for the year 2020, the Issuer was invoiced for advanced contribution to the 
DGS of €14.4 million in total. Increases in these contributions or premiums could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition and results of operations.  
15. 
The Issuer is subject to periodic stress testing 
The banking sector, including the Issuer, is subject to periodic stress testing and other 
regulatory enquiries in respect of the resilience of banks to adverse market developments. Such 
stress tests are initiated and coordinated by the EBA. Stress tests and the announcements of 
their results by supervisory authorities can destabilise the banking or financial services sector 
and lead to a loss of trust with regard to individual banks or the financial services sector as a 
whole. The outcome of stress tests could divulge certain information that would not otherwise 
have surfaced or which until then, the Group had not considered to be material and worth taking 
remedial action on, and/or materially and adversely affect the Group's reputation, financing 
costs and trigger enforcement action by supervisory authorities. The outcome of stress tests 
could also result in the Group having to meet higher capital and liquidity requirements, which

--- Page 28 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 28 - 
55-41010271 
 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's reputation, business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
16. 
The Group's risk management policies and procedures may be ineffective, may 
fail or may not be complied with 
The Group's business activities expose it to a wide variety of risks, including asset risk 
(including market price risk on used vehicles owned by the Group), credit risk, capital adequacy 
risk, liquidity and funding risk, interest rate risk, currency risk, motor insurance risk, operational 
risk, reputational risk, legal, privacy and compliance risk, among others. 
Any material deficiency in the Group's risk management or internal control policies or 
procedures, including the measures, instruments or strategies the Group uses to assess, hedge 
and mitigate risk, could have a material adverse effect on its reputation, business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
17. 
The Issuer is subject to risks arising from legal disputes and may become the 
subject of governmental or regulatory investigations or proceedings (including in 
connection with its trademarks and intellectual property rights) 
As the Group currently operates in around 30 countries, it is subject to risks associated with 
doing business internationally in around 30 different jurisdictions. In connection with its general 
business activities, the Issuer is subject to legal disputes, government investigations and actual 
and potential claims in a number of the countries in which it operates, and may continue to be 
so in the future. In connection with these matters, the entities concerned may be required to pay 
fines or penalties, take certain actions or refrain from taking other actions. Administrative 
sanctions imposed by regulatory or supervisory authorities in relation to non-compliance with 
(financial) regulations may or must be published by such authorities and they may also issue 
public warnings for consumers which could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's reputation. 
Furthermore, any damage to the reputation of the Issuer could cause disproportionate damage 
to its business, regardless whether the negative publicity is factually accurate. In addition, 
clients are entitled to withdraw their flexible savings deposits and any material adverse effect on 
the Issuer's reputation could cause withdrawals to accelerate over a short period of time.  
Complaints brought by or against suppliers, customers or other third parties (such as legal and 
regulatory authorities, contractors, competitors and current and/or former employees) may result 
in significant costs, risks or damages. It is also possible that there may be investigations by 
governmental or regulatory authorities into matters of which the Issuer is currently not aware, or 
which have already arisen or will arise in the future including, among others, possible financial 
regulatory, data protection, consumer protection, anti-money-laundering, counter-terrorist 
financing, anti-bribery, anti-trust and competition law or state aid issues. 
In particular, as the Issuer increasingly offers its products and services to private individuals, the 
risk of complaints by private individuals (e.g. in case the Issuer's products sold or services 
provided do not conform to their governing contracts) may significantly increase over time for 
example because private individuals state that fiduciary duty of care or consumer protection 
requirements are breached. Persons who have taken the so-called bankers' oath with respect to 
the banking business of the Issuer may, as a result of the aforementioned, be involved in 
disciplinary proceedings. 
The Group depends on its brands and relies primarily on trademarks and similar intellectual 
property rights to protect them. The success of the Group's business depends on its continued 
ability to use its existing trademarks and domain names to increase brand awareness and 
further develop its business. The failure by the Group to adequately protect the intellectual 
property crucial to it could lead to a loss of customers to competitors and a corresponding loss 
in revenue. At the same time, there is a risk that third parties may assert claims against the 
Group based on their trademarks and other intellectual property rights. 
In certain cases, the Issuer has purchased insurance coverage to protect against these risks or 
have made provisions in respect of specific matters. However, as a number of risks cannot be 
estimated or can be estimated only with difficulty, the Issuer cannot rule out that damages will 
nevertheless occur that are not covered by the insured amounts or amounts set aside as 
provisions. The Issuer has made provisions to cover legal, regulatory and administrative claims 
and proceedings, including those that arise in the ordinary course of business. However,

--- Page 29 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 29 - 
55-41010271 
 
adverse developments in connection with legal disputes or governmental or regulatory 
investigations or proceedings could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
18. 
Changes in (the interpretation of) tax regulations, treaties or other arrangements 
may affect the Issuer's business 
Due to its international presence in around 30 countries, the Group is subject to a wide range of 
tax laws and regulations as well as to treaties or other arrangements between or among the 
countries in which it operates and other jurisdictions. Tax laws, regulations, treaties and other 
arrangements are subject to change and may be subject to different interpretations. The Group 
cannot guarantee that its interpretations of such laws will be accepted by the relevant 
authorities. Any failure to comply with the tax laws or regulations applicable to the Group may 
result in reassessments, late payment interest, fines and penalties for the Group and could 
materially impact its reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects. Also, a material change in applicable tax laws and regulations, or in their 
interpretation or enforcement, could force the Group to alter its business strategy, leading to 
additional costs or loss of revenue, which could materially and adversely impact the Group's 
business, results of operations and financial condition. If, as a result of a particular tax risk 
materialising, the tax costs associated with particular transactions are greater than anticipated, 
it could affect the profitability of those transactions, which could materially impact the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES 
(A) 
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
19. 
The Notes may be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specify 
otherwise, in the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in 
respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of The Netherlands or any political subdivision thereof or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the Notes are redeemable at the 
Issuer's option or the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are redeemable at the 
Issuer's option in certain other circumstances the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at 
times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an investor 
may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective 
interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect, or the likelihood (or perceived likelihood) that the Issuer may be able 
to elect, to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
20. 
Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor may lead to volatile 
market values of the Notes 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or 
other similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for 
securities that do not include those features. A decrease in market value may lead to losses for 
the Noteholders.  
21. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes may be more volatile than other conventional floating 
rate debt securities based on the same reference rate 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes (also called Reverse Floating Rate Notes) have an interest rate 
which is determined as a difference between a fixed interest rate and a floating rate reference 
rate such as EURIBOR (Euro Interbank Offered Rate) or LIBOR (London Interbank Offered 
Rate) which means that interest income on such Notes falls if the reference interest rate

--- Page 30 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 30 - 
55-41010271 
 
increases. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of 
other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with 
otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an 
increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also 
reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value 
of these Notes. 
22. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may be subject to greater 
market price volatility 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing Notes. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing Notes with comparable 
maturities. 
23. 
A reset of the interest rate could affect the market value of an investment in the 
Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes may bear interest at an initial Rate of Interest subject to one or more resets 
during the tenor of the Notes. Such reset rate could be less than the initial Rate of Interest and 
could affect the market value of an investment in the Notes. 
24. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of 
Notes, such as Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes which are subject to one 
or more resets linked to such "benchmarks" 
LIBOR, EURIBOR and other indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of 
recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of 
these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may 
cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a "benchmark". 
The EU Benchmark Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 
and applies from 1 January 2018. The EU Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within 
the EU. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised 
or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a rate or 
index deemed to be a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
"benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation or "benchmarks" could be eliminated entirely. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the "benchmark" and therefore the interest rate of such Notes. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any 
such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmarks" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the 
"benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmark Regulation reforms, investigations and

--- Page 31 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 31 - 
55-41010271 
 
licensing issues in making any investment decision with respect to the Notes linked to a 
"benchmark". 
On 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which 
regulates LIBOR, announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit 
rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021. The announcement 
indicates that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed 
after 2021. 
Separate workstreams are also underway in Europe to reform EURIBOR using a hybrid 
methodology and to provide a fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro 
overnight risk-free rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate). A working group on 
euro risk-free rates was established to identify and recommend risk-free rates that could serve 
as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and 
contracts in the euro area, such as the euro overnight index average (EONIA) and EURIBOR. 
This is a private sector working group; the ECB provides the secretariat and attends as an 
observer only. The group recommended on 13 September 2018 that the euro short-term rate 
("€STR") be used as the risk-free rate for the euro area and is now focused on supporting the 
market with transitioning. The ECB published the €STR for the first time on 2 October 2019, 
reflecting trading activity on 1 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to 
comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it 
will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or 
an alternative benchmark. 
The potential elimination of, or the potential changes in the manner of administration of, the 
LIBOR and EURIBOR benchmark or any other benchmark could require an adjustment to the 
terms and conditions to reference an alternative benchmark, or result in other consequences, 
including those which cannot be predicted, in respect of any Notes linked to such benchmark 
(including but not limited to Notes whose interest rates are linked to LIBOR or EURIBOR). 
Investors should be aware that, if LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other benchmark were discontinued 
or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on any Notes which reference any such benchmark 
will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes. 
Depending on the manner in which the relevant benchmark rate is to be determined under the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, this may (i) be reliant upon the provision by reference 
banks of offered quotations for such rate which, depending on market circumstances, may not 
be available at the relevant time, (ii) be reliant on the Independent Advisor or the Issuer being 
able to determine a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (each as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) or (iii) result in the effective application of a 
fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the relevant benchmark 
was available. The effective application of a fixed rate to what was previously a Floating Rate 
Note could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.  
Furthermore, it is possible that the Issuer may itself determine a fall-back interest rate (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) if the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a 
Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (each as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes). In such case, the Issuer will make such determinations and 
adjustments as it deems appropriate, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes. In making such determinations and adjustments, the Issuer may be entitled to exercise 
substantial discretion and may be subject to conflicts of interest in exercising its discretion. 
Uncertainty as to the continuation of a benchmark, the availability of quotes from reference 
banks to allow for the continuation of the benchmark rate on any Notes, the ability of any agent 
or the Issuer to establish a fall-back interest rate for any Notes (including the possibility that a 
license or registration may be required for such agent or the Issuer under the relevant 
legislation to be able to calculate a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference 
Rate), and the rate that would be applicable if the relevant benchmark is discontinued may 
adversely affect the trading market and the value of the Notes and the determination of any 
successor rate could lead to economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors. At this 
time, it is not possible to predict what the effect of these developments will be or what the 
impact on the value of the Notes will be. More generally, any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes to LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other "benchmark" as a result of

--- Page 32 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 32 - 
55-41010271 
 
international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any 
further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes, 
could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and value of, and return on, any Notes 
based on or linked to a "benchmark". 
25. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a series of Floating Rate Notes specifies that the interest 
rate for such Floating Rate Notes will be determined by reference to the Sterling Overnight 
Index Average ("SONIA"), interest will be determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA 
(as defined in the Conditions of the Notes). Compounded Daily SONIA differs from LIBOR in a 
number of material respects, including (without limitation) that Compounded Daily SONIA is a 
backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas LIBOR is expressed on the 
basis of a forward-looking term and includes a credit risk-element based on inter-bank lending. 
As such, investors should be aware that LIBOR and SONIA may behave materially differently 
as interest reference rates for Floating Rate Notes. The use of SONIA as a reference rate for 
Eurobonds is nascent, and is subject to change and development, both in terms of the 
substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for 
the issuance and trading of debt securities referencing SONIA. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a 
reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to LIBOR. For example, 
in the context of backwards-looking SONIA rates, market participants and relevant working 
groups are, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, currently assessing the differences between 
compounded rates and weighted average rates, and such groups are also exploring forward-
looking 'term' SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation 
of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). The adoption of SONIA may also see 
component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from LIBOR or another 
reference rate to SONIA. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions of the Notes in the case of Floating Rate Notes 
for which Compounded Daily SONIA is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms that are issued under this Programme. Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future issue 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of the interest 
determination provisions when compared with the provisions for such determination as set out 
in the Conditions of the Notes as contained in this Base Prospectus. The nascent development 
of Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as 
continued development of SONIA-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure 
for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise 
affect the market price of any SONIA-referenced Floating Rate Notes issued under the 
Programme from time to time. 
Furthermore, interest on Floating Rate Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA is only 
capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Observation Period (as defined in 
Condition 5 (Interest) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) and immediately prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Floating Rate Notes which 
reference Compounded Daily SONIA to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be 
payable on such Floating Rate Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade 
such Floating Rate Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could 
adversely impact the liquidity of such Floating Rate Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based 
Floating Rate Notes, if Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA become due 
and payable as a result of an event of default under Condition 10 (Events of Default) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an 
Interest Payment Date, the final rate of interest payable in respect of such Floating Rate Notes 
shall only be determined immediately prior to the date on which the Floating Rate Notes 
become due and payable. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other 
markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any 
mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference rates across these markets may impact

--- Page 33 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 33 - 
55-41010271 
 
any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA. 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with 
respect to any such Notes. 
26. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
seeking exposure to green assets. Any failure to use the net proceeds of any 
Series of Green Bonds in connection with green projects, and/or any failure to 
meet, or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of certain 
environmentally focused investors with respect to such Green Bonds may affect 
the value and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, and/or may have 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green 
assets 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme where the use of an amount equivalent to 
the net proceeds is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be for the financing and/or 
refinancing of projects and activities that promote climate and other environmental purposes, in 
accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria as in such case shall be set out in item 4 of 
Part B ('Reasons for the offer') of the applicable Final Terms (any Notes which have such a 
specified use of proceeds are referred to as "Green Bonds"). 
In connection with an issue of Green Bonds, the Issuer may request a sustainability rating 
agency or sustainability consulting firm to issue an independent opinion (a "Compliance 
Opinion") confirming that any Green Bonds are in compliance with the Green Bond Principles, 
as published by the International Capital Market Association (which serves as the secretariat to 
the Green Bond Principles) (the "Green Bond Principles"). The Green Bond Principles are a 
set of voluntary guidelines that recommend transparency and disclosure and promote integrity 
in the development of the green bond market. While the Green Bond Principles do provide a 
high level framework, there is currently no market consensus on what precise attributes are 
required for a particular project to be defined as "green", and therefore no assurance can be 
provided to potential investors that the green projects and activities to be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms will meet all investors' expectations regarding environmental 
performance or continue to meet the relevant eligibility criteria (including Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, the so called 
"EU Taxonomy"). Although applicable green projects and activities are expected to be selected 
in accordance with the categories recognised by the Green Bond Principles, and are expected 
to be developed in accordance with applicable legislation and standards, there can be no 
guarantee that adverse environmental and/or social impacts will not occur during the design, 
construction, commissioning and/or operation of any such green or sustainable projects or that 
the anticipated environmental benefits will be realised. Where any negative impacts are 
insufficiently mitigated, green projects and activities may become controversial, and/or may be 
criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders. Potential investors should be aware that any 
Compliance Opinion will not be incorporated into, and will not form part of, this Base Prospectus 
or the applicable Final Terms. Any such Compliance Opinion may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks related to the structure of the relevant Series of Green Bonds, their 
marketability, trading price or liquidity or any other factors that may affect the price or value of 
the Green Bonds. Any such Compliance Opinion is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and is only current as of its date of issue. Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers make 
any representation as to the suitability for any purpose of any Compliance Opinion or whether 
any Green Bonds fulfil the relevant environmental criteria. Prospective investors should have 
regard to the eligible green bond projects or activities and eligibility criteria described in the 
applicable Final Terms. Each potential purchaser of any Series of Green Bonds should 
determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and in 
the applicable Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of any Green Bonds 
should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers will verify 
or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under the Programme. 
Further, although the Issuer may agree at the issue date of any Green Bonds to certain 
allocation and/or impact reporting and to use the proceeds for the financing and/or refinancing 
of green projects and activities (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), it would not be an 
event of default under the Green Bonds if (i) the Issuer were to fail to comply with such 
obligations or were to fail to use the proceeds in the manner specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 34 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 34 - 
55-41010271 
 
Terms and/or (ii) the Compliance Opinion were to be withdrawn. Furthermore, any such event or 
failure by the Issuer will not (i) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Green Bonds 
or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional 
redemption rights in respect of any Green Bonds or (ii) affect the qualification of such Green 
Bonds which are also Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Notes or as MREL Eligible Liabilities (as 
applicable). Notes issued as Green Bonds will be subject to bail-in and resolution measures 
provided by the BRRD in the same way as any other Notes issued under the Programme. As to 
such measures see the risk factor "13. The Issuer is subject to a bank supervisory regime in 
The Netherlands and other regulatory regimes and regulatory actions in the jurisdictions in 
which it operates, including The Netherlands, and changes in these regulatory regimes could 
adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity". There 
would therefore be no possibility for Noteholders to demand repayment in such circumstances. 
Without limiting the foregoing, the Issuer has the intention to use the net proceeds for the 
financing and/or refinancing of projects and activities that promote climate and other 
environmental purposes (i.e. green purposes). 
Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Green Bonds in connection with 
green projects and activities and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the investment 
requirements of certain environmentally focused investors with respect to such Green Bonds 
may affect the value and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, and/or may have consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets, which may cause one or 
more of such investors to dispose of the Green Bonds held by them, which may affect the value, 
trading price and/or liquidity of the relevant Series of Green Bonds. 
(B) 
Risks related to Subordinated Notes 
27. 
Holders of Subordinated Notes have limited rights to accelerate 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme which are subordinated to the extent 
described in Condition 2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Any such Subordinated 
Notes will constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank (i) pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and with all other present and future 
unsecured and equally subordinated obligations of the Issuer (other than those subordinated 
obligations expressed by their terms or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank 
either junior or senior to the Subordinated Notes) and (ii) junior to those obligations expressed 
by their terms to rank in priority to the Subordinated Notes and those preferred by mandatory 
and/or overriding provisions of law, including as a result of the Amending Act. As a result, the 
claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes of this Series and the relative Coupons (the 
"Subordinated Holders") against the Issuer are, in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer, subordinated to (a) the claims of depositors (other than in respect of those whose 
deposits are expressed by their terms to rank equally to or lower than the Subordinated Notes), 
(b) unsubordinated claims with respect to the repayment of borrowed money, (c) the claims of 
creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) CRR, (d) other 
unsubordinated claims and (e) subordinated claims expressed by their terms or by law to rank 
in priority to the Subordinated Notes (collectively, "Senior Claims"). By virtue of such 
subordination, payments to a Subordinated Holder will, in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer, only be made after all obligations of the Issuer resulting from Senior Claims have 
been satisfied. A Subordinated Holder may therefore recover less than the holders of deposit 
liabilities or the holders of other unsubordinated or senior subordinated liabilities of the Issuer. 
Furthermore, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not limit the amount of the liabilities 
ranking senior to any Subordinated Notes which may be incurred or assumed by the Issuer from 
time to time, whether before or after the issue date of the relevant Subordinated Notes. See 
also the risk factor entitled "31. No limitation to issue senior or pari passu ranking Notes". 
In addition, the rights of Subordinated Holders are limited in certain respects. In particular, (i) 
redemption of Subordinated Notes expressed to qualify as Tier 2 Notes pursuant to Conditions 
7(b), (c) or (e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may only be effected after the Issuer 
has obtained the prior written permission of the Competent Authority and (ii) the Issuer may be 
required to obtain the prior written permission of the Competent Authority before effecting any 
repayment of Subordinated Notes expressed to qualify as Tier 2 Notes following an Event of 
Default. See Condition 10(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for further details. See

--- Page 35 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 35 - 
55-41010271 
 
also the risk factor entitled "28. There is a redemption risk in respect of certain Series of 
Subordinated Notes". 
Subordinated Holders will only have limited rights to accelerate repayment of the principal 
amount of Subordinated Notes. See Condition 10 (Events of Default) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, which limits the events of default to (i) any order being made by any 
competent court or resolution being passed for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer 
(unless this is done for the purpose of or pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
reconstruction where either (a) prior consent thereto has been given by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders or (b) under which the continuing entity effectively assumes all of 
the rights and obligations of the Issuer) or (ii) if the Issuer is declared bankrupt. Accordingly, if 
the Issuer fails to meet any interest payment or other obligation under the Subordinated Notes, 
such failure in itself will not give the Subordinated Holder any right to accelerate repayment of 
the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes. In the case of Subordinated Notes which are 
issued as Green Bonds, please also see the risk factor 26. "Notes issued as Green Bonds may 
not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets. Any failure to 
use the net proceeds of any Series of Green Bonds in connection with green projects, and/or 
any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of certain 
environmentally focused investors with respect to such Green Bonds may affect the value 
and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, and/or may have consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets". Furthermore, the Subordinated Notes and 
relative Coupons are not eligible for any set-off or netting by any Subordinated Holder or 
Couponholder and no Subordinated Holder or Couponholder shall be able to exercise or claim 
any right of set-off or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or 
in connection with the Subordinated Notes or relative Coupons. 
Given these features of Subordinated Notes, there is a risk that an investor in Subordinated 
Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
28. 
There is a redemption risk in respect of certain Series of Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer may redeem Subordinated Notes expressed to qualify as Tier 2 Notes, at the 
amount and on the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms if the applicable Final Terms 
in respect of such Subordinated Notes indicate that such Subordinated Notes are redeemable 
at the option of the Issuer if there is a change in the regulatory classification of such 
Subordinated Notes that has resulted or would be likely to result in such Subordinated Notes 
being excluded, in whole but not in part, from the Tier 2 capital (within the meaning of the CRR 
as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) of the Issuer or reclassified as own funds 
of lower quality of the Issuer, which change in regulatory classification (or reclassification) (i) 
becomes effective on or after the Issue Date and, if redeemed within five years after the Issue 
Date (ii) is considered by the Competent Authority to be sufficiently certain and (iii) the Issuer 
has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of their issuance as required by Article 78(4) CRR, and provided the 
Issuer has notified the holders of the relevant Subordinated Notes accordingly. If, for any 
reason, the Subordinated Notes are or will be excluded from MREL Eligible Liabilities, the 
Issuer may be able to redeem the Subordinated Notes if an MREL Disqualification Event has 
occurred. 
In case the Issuer decides to redeem Subordinated Notes as described above, an investor may 
suffer losses due to a reinvestment risk or reduced market value of such Subordinated Notes. 
See also the risk factor entitled "19. The Notes may be subject to optional redemption by the 
Issuer".  
29. 
There is variation or substitution risk in respect of certain Series of Subordinated 
Notes 
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if a Capital Event (as 
defined in Condition 7(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) has occurred and is 
continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to the prior written permission of the Competent 
Authority if required at the relevant time (but without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Subordinated Holders), substitute Subordinated Notes expressed to qualify as 
Tier 2 Notes or vary the terms of such Subordinated Notes in order to ensure that they remain 
or, as appropriate, become compliant with CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable 
to the Issuer at the relevant time. The terms and conditions of such varied or substituted

--- Page 36 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 36 - 
55-41010271 
 
Subordinated Notes may have terms and conditions that contain one or more provisions that 
are substantially different from the terms and conditions of the original Subordinated Notes. No 
assurance can be given as to whether any changes to the terms and conditions will negatively 
affect any particular Subordinated Holder. For example, the tax and stamp duty consequences 
of holding such varied or substituted Notes could be different for some categories of 
Subordinated Holders from the tax and stamp duty consequences of their holding the 
Subordinated Notes prior to such variation or substitution. See Condition 7(e) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes for further details. 
The Competent Authority has discretion as to whether or not it will approve any substitution or 
variation of the Subordinated Notes expressed to qualify as Tier 2 Notes. Any such substitution 
or variation which is considered by the Competent Authority to be material shall be treated by it 
as the issuance of a new instrument. Therefore, such Subordinated Notes, as so substituted or 
varied, must be eligible as Tier 2 capital in accordance with the then prevailing regulatory capital 
rules applicable to the Issuer, which may include a requirement that (save in certain prescribed 
circumstances) such Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed or repurchased prior to five 
years after the effective date of such substitution or variation. Any such substitution or variation 
may therefore result in an extension of the effective maturity date of such Subordinated Notes 
which means that Noteholders are required to hold the Subordinated Notes longer than 
anticipated at the time of issuance. 
30. 
Statutory loss absorption or Recapitalisation of Subordinated Notes could have 
an adverse effect on the market price of the relevant Subordinated Notes  
The Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes stipulate that the Subordinated Notes 
may become subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority or the Issuer (following 
instructions from the Resolution Authority) that without the consent of the Subordinated Holder 
(a) all or part of the nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes, including accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect thereof, must be written down, reduced or redeemed and cancelled or 
otherwise be applied to absorb losses, subject to write-up by the Resolution Authority (such loss 
absorption, "Statutory Loss Absorption") or (b) all or part of the nominal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be converted 
into claims which may give right to common equity Tier 1 instruments (such conversion, 
"Recapitalisation"), all as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework. Upon any such 
determination, (i) the relevant proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the Subordinated 
Notes subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall be written down, reduced, 
redeemed and cancelled or converted into claims which may give right to common equity Tier 1 
instruments or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, as prescribed by the Applicable 
Resolution Framework, (ii) such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall not 
constitute an Event of Default and (iii) the Subordinated Holders will have no further claims in 
respect of the amount so written down or subject to conversion or otherwise as a result of such 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation. Failure to provide any notice to Subordinated 
Noteholders that any Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation has occurred will not have 
any impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, any such Statutory Loss Absorption 
or Recapitalisation or give Subordinated Noteholders any rights as a result of such failure. 
Furthermore, the occurrence of any Statutory Loss Absorption, Recapitalisation, Moratorium (as 
defined in Condition 7(j)) and/or any other event as described in Condition 7(j) shall not 
constitute an Event of Default. 
Subject to any write-up by the Resolution Authority, any written-down amount as a result of 
Statutory Loss Absorption shall be irrevocably lost and holders of such Subordinated Notes will 
cease to have any claims for any principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest which has 
been subject to write down. 
The determination that all or part of the nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes will be 
subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation may be inherently unpredictable and 
may depend on a number of factors which may be outside of the Issuer's control. Accordingly, 
trading behaviour in respect of Subordinated Notes which are subject to Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation is not necessarily expected to follow trading behaviour 
associated with other types of securities. Any indication, likelihood or perceived likelihood that 
Subordinated Notes may become subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation could 
have an adverse effect on the market price of the relevant Subordinated Notes. Potential 
investors should consider the risk that a Subordinated Holder may lose all of its investment in

--- Page 37 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 37 - 
55-41010271 
 
such Subordinated Notes, including the principal amount plus any accrued but unpaid interest, 
in the event that Statutory Loss Absorption occurs. 
See also the risk factor entitled "32. Banking legislation for ailing banks give regulators 
resolution powers (including powers to write down and convert debt) that could negatively affect 
the position of certain categories of the Noteholders" for further information in respect of 
regulators' resolution powers. 
31. 
No limitation to issue senior or pari passu ranking Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not restrict the amount of securities which the Issuer 
may issue and which rank senior or pari passu in priority of payments with the Subordinated 
Notes. 
The issue of any such securities may reduce the amount recoverable by Subordinated Holders 
on a winding-up of the Issuer. Also, there is a risk that, following the implementation of article 
48(7) of Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
in Dutch law (the "Amending Act"), a Series of Subordinated Notes in respect of which a 
Capital Event has occurred, will in the Issuer's bankruptcy rank senior to other Subordinated 
Notes qualifying as own funds. See also Condition 2(b) of the Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes, which provides that the status and ranking of the Subordinated Notes is subject to 
mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law, including as a result of the Amending Act. 
Accordingly, in the winding-up of the Issuer and after payment of the claims of senior creditors 
and of depositors, there may not be a sufficient amount to satisfy the amounts owing to the 
Subordinated Holders. 
(C) 
Risks related to all Series of the Notes 
32. 
Banking legislation for ailing banks give regulators resolution powers (including 
powers to write down and convert debt) that could negatively affect the position 
of certain categories of the Noteholders 
The Special Measures Financial Institutions Act (Wet bijzondere maatregelen financiële 
ondernemingen, the "SMFI"), the BRRD and the SRM set out the intervention and resolution 
framework applicable to the Issuer. 
The SRM establishes a single European resolution board (the "Resolution Authority") having 
resolution powers over the institutions that are subject to the SRM, thus replacing or exceeding 
the powers of the national resolution authority within the Eurozone. The Resolution Authority 
shall perform resolution tasks and responsibilities under the SRM with respect to the Issuer.  
Under the BRRD, the resolution authority is expected to be required to exercise the Bail-In Tool 
in a way that results in (i) common equity Tier 1 instruments being written down first in 
proportion to the relevant losses and (ii) thereafter, the principal amount of other capital 
instruments (including Tier 2 instruments such as Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 
Notes) being written down or converted into common equity Tier 1 on a permanent basis and 
(iii) thereafter, eligible liabilities (which the Senior Notes may be) being written down or 
converted in accordance with a set order of priority (subject to certain exceptions). The point at 
which the resolution authority determines that the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution is 
defined as: 
(a) 
the Issuer is failing or likely to fail, which means (i) the Issuer has incurred/is 
likely to incur in the near future losses depleting all or substantially all its own 
funds, and/or (ii) the assets are/will be in the near future less than its liabilities, 
and/or (iii) the Issuer is/will be in the near future unable to pay its debts as they 
fall due, and/or (iv) the Issuer requires public financial support (except in limited 
circumstances); 
(b) 
there is no reasonable prospect that a private action or supervisory action would 
prevent the failure within a reasonable timeframe; and 
(c) 
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
However, the resolution authority could take pre-resolution actions when the Issuer or the group 
reaches the point of non-viability and apply the Write-Down and Conversion Power to 
Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes. See also the risk factor "13. The Issuer is

--- Page 38 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 38 - 
55-41010271 
 
subject to a bank supervisory regime in The Netherlands and other regulatory regimes and 
regulatory actions in the jurisdictions in which it operates, including The Netherlands, and 
changes in these regulatory regimes could adversely affect its business, financial condition, 
results of operations and liquidity" above for other factors, such as changes in laws and 
regulations the Issuer is subject to, which may result in additional capital and/or liquidity 
requirements for the Issuer. 
Noteholders may have only very limited rights to challenge and/or seek a suspension of any 
decision of the resolution authority to exercise its (pre-)resolution powers or to have that 
decision reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or otherwise. Application of any of the 
measures, as described above, shall not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes and 
Noteholders will have no further claims in respect of any amount written down or subject to 
conversion or otherwise as a result of the application of such measures. Accordingly, if the Bail-
In Tool or the Write-Down and Conversion Power is applied, this may result in claims of 
Noteholders being written down or converted into equity. Furthermore, it is possible that 
pursuant to the BRRD, the SMFI or other resolution or recovery rules which may in the future be 
applicable to the Issuer, new powers may be given to the resolution authority which could be 
used in such a way as to result in the debt instruments of the Issuer absorbing losses in the 
course of any resolution of the Issuer or otherwise affecting the rights and effective remedies of 
Noteholders. 
The determination that all or part of the nominal amount of the Notes will be subject to the Bail-
In Tool or the Write-Down and Conversion Power may be inherently unpredictable and may 
depend on a number of factors which may be outside of the Issuer's control. Accordingly, 
trading behavior in respect of Notes which are subject to the Bail-In Tool or the Write-Down and 
Conversion Power is not necessarily expected to follow trading behavior associated with other 
types of securities. Any indication, likelihood or perceived likelihood that the Notes will become 
subject to the Bail-In Tool or the Write-Down and Conversion Power could have an adverse 
effect on the market price of the relevant Notes. Potential investors should consider the risk that 
a Noteholder may lose all of its investment in such Notes, including the principal amount plus 
any accrued but unpaid interest, in the event that the Bail-In Tool or the Write-Down and 
Conversion Power is applied. In addition, even in circumstances where a claim for 
compensation is established under the 'no creditor worse off' safeguard in accordance with a 
valuation performed after the resolution action had been taken, it is unlikely that such 
compensation would be equivalent to the full losses incurred by the Noteholders in the 
resolution and there can be no assurance that Noteholders would recover such compensation 
promptly. 
The SMFI, BRRD and/or SRM could negatively affect the position of certain categories of the 
Noteholders and the credit rating attached to certain categories of debt instruments then 
outstanding, in particular if and when any of the above proceedings would be commenced 
against the Issuer. The rights and effective remedies of the Noteholders, as well as their market 
value, may be affected by any such proceedings. 
33. 
Since the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of a Specified Denomination, 
that is not an integral multiple, you may need to purchase additional Notes in 
order to be able to transfer your holdings or to receive definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is 
possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time (i) may not be able to transfer 
such Notes and (ii) may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should 
definitive Notes be printed) and in each case would need to purchase a principal amount of 
Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade.

--- Page 39 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 39 - 
55-41010271 
 
34. 
Modification and waiver which may affect the rights of Noteholders 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders 
to consider matters affecting their interest generally. These provisions permit defined majorities 
to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Such Noteholders 
may need to accept changes which affect the rights of Noteholders against the Issuer or the 
value of the Notes. 
35. 
Payments on certain Notes may be subject to Dutch withholding tax under the 
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 
Pursuant to the Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021) which entered into force in 
the Netherlands on 1 January 2021, as of this date, Dutch withholding tax may be imposed on 
certain (deemed) payments of interest made to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity to the Issuer, if 
such entity (i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly 
updated Dutch Regulation on low taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax 
purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor 
belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which 
the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose or one 
of the main purposes to avoid taxation for another person, or (iv) is a not considered to be the 
recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats another 
(lower tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (a hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as 
resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), all within the meaning of the Withholding Tax Act 
2021. 
Generally, an entity is considered an affiliated (gelieerde) entity if (i) it has a qualifying interest in 
the Issuer, (ii) the Issuer has a qualifying interest in the entity or (iii) a third party has qualifying 
interest in both the Issuer and the entity. Generally, the term “qualifying interest” means a direct 
or indirectly held interest, individually or jointly as part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende 
groep), that gives the holder of such interest definite influence over the decisions of the entity in 
which the interest is held and allows determination of its activities. 
If any withholding or deduction is made for or on account of withholding tax imposed by the 
Netherlands due to the application of the Withholding Tax Act 2021, payments by the Issuer to 
certain holders of Notes may be affected given that the Issuer does not have to pay any 
additional amounts in respect hereof, pursuant to the application of the exclusion in either 
paragraph (a) or (b)(iv) of Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Consequently, 
in such event the affected holders of Notes will only be entitled to receive interest payments 
under the Notes net; meaning that the amount of the payment due from the Issuer will be made 
after any withholding or deduction is made for or on account of withholding tax imposed by the 
Netherlands due to the application of the Withholding Tax Act 2021 and will not be increased to 
an amount which after the withholding or deduction leaves an amount equal to the payment 
which would have been due if no such withholding or deduction had been required.  Potential 
investors should consult their professional advisers as to the tax consequences of the 
introduction of the Withholding Tax Act 2021 in Dutch law in relation to their investment in the 
Notes. 
36. 
Payments on certain Notes may be subject to U.S. withholding tax under FATCA 
The United States has enacted rules, commonly referred to as "FATCA", that generally impose 
a new reporting and withholding regime with respect to certain U.S. source payments (including 
dividends and interest), gross proceeds from the disposition of property that can produce U.S. 
source interest and dividends and certain payments made by entities that are classified as 
financial institutions under FATCA. The United States has entered into an intergovernmental 
agreement regarding the implementation of FATCA with the Netherlands (the "IGA"). Under the 
IGA, as currently drafted, the Issuer does not expect payments made on or with respect to the 
Notes to be subject to withholding under FATCA. However, significant aspects of when and how 
FATCA will apply remain unclear, and no assurance can be given that withholding under 
FATCA will not become relevant with respect to payments made on or with respect to the Notes 
in the future. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the potential 
impact of FATCA.

--- Page 40 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 40 - 
55-41010271 
 
(D) 
Risks related to the holding of the Notes 
37. 
Because the Notes may be held in global form and, therefore, by or on behalf of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg you will need to rely on the procedures 
of these organisations for transfers, payments and communications with the 
Issuer. Further, your ability in respect of Notes in global form to pledge your 
holdings will be limited to the extent that the party demanding the pledge requires 
securities in physical form 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Where 
such Global Notes will be held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, such 
Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant 
Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade 
their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its 
payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to or to the order of the common 
depositary or common safekeeper (as applicable) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must 
rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under 
the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. Any failure by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg to transfer payments under any Notes to investors could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of such Notes or result in losses. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of 
the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are 
enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. There can 
be no assurance that procedures implemented for the granting of such proxies will be sufficient 
to enable investors to vote on any matters affecting their interests on a timely basis. 
38. 
Potential conflict of interest; information and past performance 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (which includes for the purpose of this risk factor, 
parent companies) have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the 
Dealers may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for 
their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. The 
relevant Final Terms will specify any other interests of natural and legal persons involved in 
each issue/offer of Notes under the Programme. 
The Issuer, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may engage in trading activities (including 
hedging activities) related to interests underlying any Notes and other instruments or derivative 
products based on or related to interests underlying any Notes for their proprietary accounts or 
for other accounts under their management. The Issuer and its affiliates may also issue other 
derivative instruments in respect of interests underlying any Notes. Such activities could present 
certain conflicts of interest, could influence the prices of such shares or other securities and 
Noteholders should be aware that such activities could also adversely affect the value of such 
Notes. 
(E) 
Risks Relating to the Market Generally 
39. 
There can be no assurance that a secondary market for the Notes will develop or 
provide sufficient liquidity. Upon purchase of the Notes you may bear the risk of 
limited liquidity and its effect on the value of the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed 
and for which there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular 
Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of

--- Page 41 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 41 - 
55-41010271 
 
Notes which is already issued). If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade 
at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market 
for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. 
Although application may be made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
listing on Euronext, any other regulated or unregulated market within the EEA or any further or 
other stock exchange(s), there is no assurance that such applications will be accepted, that any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. 
Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for 
any particular Tranche of Notes. A decrease in the liquidity of an issue of Notes may cause, in 
turn, an increase in the volatility associated with the price of such issue of Notes. Any investor in 
the Notes must be prepared to hold such Notes for an indefinite period of time or until 
redemption of the Notes. If any person begins making a market for the Notes, it is under no 
obligation to continue to do so and may stop making a market at any time. Illiquidity may have a 
severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
40. 
If your financial activities are denominated principally in a currency unit other 
than the Specified Currency you will be subject to exchange rate risks and, 
potentially, exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the currency specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (the "Specified Currency"). This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may change significantly (including changes due to depreciation of the 
Specified Currency or appreciation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may 
receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
41. 
Changes in prevailing bond interest rates may adversely affect the value of the 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest 
rates may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. Any such changes may lead to 
losses under such Fixed Rate Notes. 
42. 
Interest rates of Floating Rate Notes and CMS-Linked Interest Notes may fluctuate 
and provide uncertain interest income 
A Holder of Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest Notes is exposed to the risk of 
fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels 
make it impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate Notes and CMS-Linked Interest 
Notes in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate or 
CMS rate should be taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate or 
CMS rate during the term of any Floating Rate Notes, respectively CMS-Linked Interest Notes. 
43. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and may not properly reflect the value of 
the Notes and credit rating deteriorations or withdrawals may reduce the market 
value of the Notes 
One of more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not

--- Page 42 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 42 - 
55-41010271 
 
been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by 
non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-
registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, 
has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the event that a rating assigned to the Notes or the Issuer is subsequently suspended, 
lowered or withdrawn for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional 
support or credit enhancement with respect to the Notes, the market value of the Notes is likely 
to be adversely affected and the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes may be 
adversely affected.

--- Page 43 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 43 - 
55-41010271 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Below is a brief description of certain aspects of the Issuer's risk management. The below 
description does not purport to give a complete overview of all risk management measures 
taken by the Issuer. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any decision. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. Investing in the Notes involves 
certain risks. Prospective investors should consider, among other things, the following: 
Risk Management Approach 
The Group is a vehicle leasing and vehicle management company also offering retail deposits in 
the Netherlands and Germany and is regulated by the ECB. Its risk profile differs from most 
other banks due to the nature of its business. The largest part of its portfolio consists of 
operational leasing of vehicles, in which the Group bears the market price risk of used vehicles. 
This risk constitutes the main difference between the Group's risk profile and most other banks' 
risk profiles. 
Risk Management Framework 
As its reference model, the LeasePlan framework applies the principles of the Enterprise Risk 
Management ("ERM") framework and the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the 
Treadway Commission ("COSO"). The COSO definition of ERM (2004) is "a process affected by 
an entity's board of directors, management, and other personnel, applied in strategy setting and 
across the enterprise, designed to identify potential events that may affect the entity, and 
manage risk to be within the risk appetite, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
achievement of entity objectives". In other words, ERM is about managing risks whilst 
supporting the realisation of the entities' targets. In September 2017, the COSO Board 
published an ERM Framework update, which addresses "the evolution of enterprise risk 
management and the need for organisations to improve their approach to managing risk to meet 
the demands of an evolving business environment". 
Risk management and control are closely linked with the Group's strategic aims. The Group 
considers controlled and balanced risk taking - accommodated by a strong risk organisation and 
risk governance, and supported by a clear tone at the top - key elements in driving its strategy. 
Using COSO ERM as a reference model, the Group has introduced a risk management cycle 
that links the various building blocks of the risk process and risk governance. The risk 
governance is based on the three lines of defence model as set out in the EBA Guidelines on 
Internal Governance ("GL 44 and GL 2017/11"). The three lines of defence model distinguishes 
among functions that own and manage risks (first line), functions that oversee and advise on 
risk management practices (second line) and functions that provide assurance (third line). 
Risk Management Strategy 
Risk, being the chance of occurrence of an event that will have a negative impact on the 
objectives of the organisation, is inherent to the Group's business operations. As part of the risk 
strategy process, the Group identifies and assesses the risks it is exposed to on an annual 
basis. This strategic risk assessment considers the current business, external trends and 
emerging developments. The assessment includes a heatmap of the risk environment (in terms 
of probability and impact), concludes which risks are part of the risk universe and as such under 
active management, and defines the risk taxonomy. The approach of risk identification and 
assessment aims to ensure that the Group actively manages and mitigates the impact of these 
risks on strategic goals, reputation and financial results. This assessment takes place prior to 
the risk appetite process and is presented by the Managing Board to the Issuer's supervisory 
board (the "Supervisory Board") for approval. 
The risk strategy is to support the overall strategy of the Group, by enabling controlled risk 
taking and ensuring regulatory compliance. Regulatory compliance means compliance with, in 
particular, the applicable rules and guidelines of or pursuant to the: 
• 
FMSA; 
• 
CRR;

--- Page 44 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 44 - 
55-41010271 
 
• 
CRD IV; 
• 
BCBS Corporate Governance Principles (2015); 
• 
Social Charter and Rules of Conduct associated with the bankers' oath; 
• 
Dutch Banking Code (2015); and 
• 
Dutch Corporate Governance Code (2016). 
Risk Governance 
In order to provide a clear and comprehensive overview of the Group's risk management and 
control approach, the Group has implemented a Risk Charter. The Risk Charter emphasises the 
importance the Managing Board sees in establishing sound risk management and applying it in 
the Group's daily business approach. As such, the Risk Charter defines the general principles, 
the mandate and key responsibilities of the Risk function, and the risk framework. 
The Group is governed by a two-tier board structure comprising of a Supervisory Board and a 
Managing Board. Core risk management responsibilities are embedded in the Managing Board. 
The Supervisory Board approves the risk strategy and risk appetite and regularly monitors the 
risk profile and governance. 
The Risk function, which co-operates with all relevant disciplines within the Group, is 
independent from the business and is represented by the Chief Risk Officer ("CRO") in the 
Managing Board. As a member of the Managing Board, the CRO is also fully involved in the 
Group's strategy setting and other relevant executive decision making. The Managing Board is 
responsible for ensuring that risk management is fully taken into account in the decision-making 
process. The CRO can independently decide to escalate risk related issues to the chairman of 
the Risk Committee of the Supervisory Board.  
The Supervisory Board may adopt rules of procedure concerning the division of its duties and 
its working method (and that of its committees) (the "Supervisory Board Rules"), which 
include, among others, the following reserved matters: 
• 
any material change to the overall Financial and Risk Policy (or any part thereof); and 
• 
leasing, renting of assets to third parties with an investment over a certain value per 
transaction or series of related transactions. 
The Supervisory Board has appointed a Risk Committee, whose tasks include: 
• 
review and preparation for final decision by the Supervisory Board, of the yearly RAS 
and any changes thereof during the year; 
• 
on a quarterly basis review the integrated risk management report, which includes an 
analysis of developments of the various risk types, to the extent that these could 
significantly impact the Group's risk profile and financial performance and includes the 
performance of key risk indicators against the targets and tolerance levels set in the 
RAS; and 
• 
review and decide on credit proposals for which the ultimate exposure is over a certain 
value. 
All other decisions with respect to risk management are in the approval authority of the 
Managing Board, who can subsequently decide to delegate certain decisions and reviews to 
other bodies or persons within the Group. Any changes to the delegation authority need explicit 
approval of the Managing Board via the Group Risk Committee. 
Risk Committees 
The setup of the risk committees is driven by the ambition to manage and monitor risk on an 
integrated and holistic basis. In addition to the management and monitoring on an integrated 
basis, the identification, assessment, mitigation, monitoring and reporting per risk type will 
continue to be important ingredients in the various risk committees. 
In addition to the Risk Committee of the Supervisory Board, the Group has set up a Group Risk 
Committee, a Group Tactical Risk Committee and a Group Model Risk Committee. All risk 
related decisions, except for the risk matters which fall under the final decision authority of the

--- Page 45 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 45 - 
55-41010271 
 
Supervisory Board, are in the approval authority of the Managing Board. The Group Risk 
Committee is a dedicated committee of the Managing Board, consisting of all Managing Board 
Members. 
Terms of reference Group Risk Committee 
The Group Risk Committee delegates certain authorities to subcommittees as the Group 
Tactical Risk Committee, Group Model Risk Committee and, in the near future, to local risk 
committees. In addition, certain authorities are delegated to the Group Risk department. 
The main task of the Group Risk Committee is to enable controlled risk taking and ensuring 
regulatory compliance by but not limited to: 
• 
providing annually a strategic risk assessment; 
• 
defining the risk strategy, risk appetite and capital/liquidity planning; 
• 
setting the policies/standards, models and limits for individual risk types; 
• 
monitoring and managing of the actual risk profile against the risk appetite and risk 
strategy; 
• 
monitoring existing and emerging risk developments and trends; 
• 
monitoring changes in regulations; 
• 
defining the delegation of authorities for risk decisions to subcommittees, Group Risk 
and local entities; and 
• 
defining the key (regulatory) processes such as ICAAP/ILAAP/Recovery Plan/Pillar 3. 
The Group Risk Committee meets at least on a quarterly basis. 
Terms of reference Group Tactical Risk Committee 
The main task of the Group Tactical Risk Committee is to enable controlled risk taking by but 
not limited to: 
• 
monitoring risk exposures and emerging risks; 
• 
monitoring of compliance with risk appetite on a monthly level and triggering 
corrective/preventive action; 
• 
review of existing risk policies and standards as under the Policy Framework; 
• 
monitoring of adherence to policy, standards and local limits; 
• 
approve risk proposals or incidents above threshold of local entities, including credit 
proposal up to level of risk committee of the Supervisory Board; and 
• 
have oversight on (re) insurance programmes. 
The Group Tactical Risk Committee meets at least on a monthly basis. 
Terms of reference Group Model Risk Committee 
The main task of the Group Model Risk Committee is overseeing the Group's risk models in the 
domain of credit risk, asset risk, operational risk, strategic risk, stress testing and ensuring 
regulatory compliance by: 
• 
model (re) development and model review (global and local); 
• 
monitoring of model performance (global and local); 
• 
review and approval of model governance, policies and methodologies; 
• 
identification and review of key data issues; 
• 
approving new developed risk models; 
• 
deciding on actions in case risk models are performing outside thresholds; 
• 
review validation reports (global and local); and

--- Page 46 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 46 - 
55-41010271 
 
• 
determining the stress test scenarios. 
The Group Model Risk Committee meets at least on a quarterly basis. 
As mentioned above, the Group Model Risk Committee will delegate certain authorities to 
individual risk officers of Group Risk and Group Companies (local risk committees). Group Risk 
will, on at least an annual basis, submit a review and proposal to the Group Risk Committee 
which includes details of such delegation. Basic principles for delegation to individual risk 
officers are: 
• 
"four eyes principle": every risk decision requires the approval of two risk officers with 
delegated authority; 
• 
granting of authority should be based on knowledge and experience of risk officer; and 
• 
authority levels should preferably be risk based. 
Basic principles for delegation to LeasePlan entities are: 
• 
entities need to show proper local (risk) governance; 
• 
granting of authority should be based on the quality of the control framework in place, 
quality of output (e.g., credit proposals), knowledge and the maturity of the local (risk) 
organisation; and 
• 
authority levels should preferably be risk based. 
Except for a Model Risk Committee, the committee structure at entity level should mirror the 
Group structure as follows: 
• 
on a quarterly basis the entity management team discusses the integrated risk profile 
and risk developments, including compliance with local risk appetite and policies and 
standards in an entity risk committee; 
• 
on a monthly basis all relevant developments, incidents, reports, credit proposals and 
self-assessments are discussed in the entity tactical risk committee; and 
• 
in addition to the two risk committees above, asset risk and pricing can continue to be 
discussed in a dedicated business committee, which is overseeing the day-to-day 
operations of asset pricing and management, and in which the Entity Risk Officer will be 
invited (on a non-voting basis). 
Risk Appetite Statement (RAS) 
On an annual basis, the Managing Board is required to submit the Group's RAS to the 
Supervisory Board for approval. The RAS represents the overall risk the Group is willing and 
able to assume in order to achieve its strategic objectives, defined by quantitative and/or 
qualitative metrics (for example minimum debt rating and minimum capital levels, or any other 
parameter as the case may be). Secondly, risk appetite is set for the defined risk types as 
determined in the risk strategy, by using specific risk tolerance metrics across the risk universe. 
Subsequently, local entities are assigned local limits that are in line with the Group's overall risk 
appetite and commensurate with the local entity's budget. This is referred to as Country Based 
Risk Appetite. 
Depending on the risk metric, compliance with the risk appetite is monitored on a daily, monthly 
or quarterly basis. The Managing Board, through the Group Risk Committee, monitors, reviews 
and challenges the actual performance against the RAS and discusses potential corrective 
measures on (at least) a quarterly basis. 
Breaching of risk tolerance levels is always subject to a materiality check. If the breach is a non-
material variation, then no specific management action is required. A comprehensive report 
across all risk types of the RAS is provided on at least a quarterly basis to the Group Risk 
Committee and the Supervisory Board. This report includes as a minimum all material risk 
developments, deviations and potential future breaches. 
Group Risk will monitor developments on a consolidated as well as an entity level monthly and 
will report any relevant trends and deviations to the appropriate risk committees. The RAS will

--- Page 47 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 47 - 
55-41010271 
 
be translated into a set of local limits (Country Based Risk Appetite) and will be communicated 
to all entities. 
Policies, Standards, Models, Limits 
To mitigate and control risk, Group Risk sets policies, standards, models and limits for the 
individual risk types. All such policies, standards, models and limits are reviewed at least on an 
annual basis. 
The Risk Policy provides the overall structure for all policies and standards for the individual risk 
type as defined in the risk strategy. As such, it is the "top policy" in terms of hierarchy. All 
charters, frameworks, policies and standards for individual risk types fall under the hierarchy 
and standards as set out in the Risk Policy. The Risk Policy will be reviewed on an annual 
basis. 
Risk Function 
Group Risk and the risk function at entity level, are jointly referred to as Risk function. The 
strategy of the Risk function is to implement group wide professional risk management that 
ensures regulatory compliance and a risk profile within the set risk appetite, by challenging and 
assisting the business and promoting risk awareness at all levels within the Group. 
The Risk function challenges and creates awareness for risk management within the Group and 
is responsible for coordination and execution of the Risk Management Cycle and the Risk 
Decision Framework. With a centralised risk framework and the implementation of best 
practices, the Risk function ensures that there is uniformity between the risk assessment 
approaches in the entities in which the Group operates. It also identifies the need for training 
and education and coordinates such activities. 
Group Risk further ensures that the Managing Board and the Supervisory Board are made 
aware of all material risk developments and provides adequate risk reporting and advice to 
these bodies that allow for comprehensive and proper decision making. Group Risk also 
ensures adequate knowledge of the risk types as included in the risk universe, sound 
knowledge of the regulatory requirements and maintenance of risk charters, policies, standards, 
models and limits. The Risk function at Group Company level ensures proper monitoring and 
reporting of risks at entity level and adherence to all relevant limits, policies, standards and 
models. 
Asset Risk 
The term asset risk is used within the Group as a combination of market price risk of used 
vehicles and risk related to the repair, maintenance and tyre replacement services. Market price 
risk of used vehicles, being the prominent risk under asset risk, is defined as the exposure to 
potential losses at contract end date due to the Vehicles Sales proceeds declining below the 
Contract End Book Value. The risk related to repair, maintenance and tyre replacement is 
considered the exposure to potential losses due to the actual costs of the services repair, 
maintenance and tyre replacement exceeding the estimates made at the start of the lease. The 
Group considers both elements under asset risk as being inextricably linked and manage asset 
risk accordingly. 
Credit Risk 
As a result of its normal business activities, the Group is exposed to credit risk which is the risk 
that a counterparty will not be able to fulfil its financial obligations when due. In the Group's core 
business, this credit risk mainly relates to objects leased to clients, represented by the 
amortisation of leased objects that still needs to be invoiced in future lease rentals and lease 
rentals that have become due. Within the leasing industry, credit risk is mitigated materially by 
the underlying value of the available collateral (i.e., leased object). 
In addition, the Group is exposed to credit risk originating from its banking and treasury 
activities, which includes deposits placed with banks or other financial institutions and hedging 
instruments, such as derivatives and reinsurance activities. Finally, the Group is exposed to 
credit risk as a result of insurance activities as well as to discounts to be received from vehicle 
manufacturers and other suppliers.

--- Page 48 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 48 - 
55-41010271 
 
Operational Risk 
Operational risk involves the risk of a positive, negative or potential loss resulting from 
inadequate or failed internal processes, human behaviour and systems or from external 
incidents. Business continuity risk, financial reporting risk and HR risk are within the scope of 
the Group's operational risk management. An operational loss is the financial impact that arises 
from the occurrence of an operational risk event. Operational incidents and losses in all (risk) 
areas are recorded in the Operational Incident Database. 
Insurance Risk 
Insurance risk is the exposure to potential loss due to costs related to damages and 
compensation paid or payable. This risk consists of long-tail risks (e.g., motor third-party liability 
and legal defence) and short-tail risks (e.g., motor material damage and passenger indemnity). 
These risks are partially retained by the Group's insurance entity, Euro Insurances. Re-
insurance cover is arranged by Euro Insurances on an excess of loss basis with an external re-
insurance panel. Some LeasePlan subsidiaries have a local risk retention scheme for motor 
damage and retain the damage risk, while also offering insurance coverage through either Euro 
Insurances or external providers. 
Treasury Risk 
Treasury risk within the Group entails liquidity risk, interest rate risk and currency risk. 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is not able to meet its obligations for (re)payments, due to 
a mismatch between the run-off of its assets and liabilities. 
Interest rate risk is the risk that the profitability and shareholders' equity is affected by 
movements in interest rates. The Group accepts and offers lease contracts to clients at both 
fixed and floating interest rates, for various durations and in various currencies. Interest rate risk 
within the Group is managed separately for: 
• 
Group Companies and joint ventures, carrying interest bearing assets (mainly lease 
contracts), and funding on their balance sheet, which mainly is intercompany funding 
supplied by the Group's central treasury; and 
• 
The central treasury, concluding external funding, external derivatives and granting 
intercompany loans to Group Companies. 
Currency risk entails the risk that currency fluctuations have an adverse impact on the capital 
ratios, result and shareholders' equity. It arises from the change in price of one currency against 
another, where positions are not hedged. Due to the Group's activities in around 30 countries, it 
is exposed to currency exchange rates. The Group uses the Euro as its functional currency. 
Strategic Risk 
Strategic risk is defined as the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital arising from 
changes in the business environment, lack of responsiveness to changes in the business 
environment, from adverse business decisions or improper implementation of decisions. Model 
Risk is included under Strategic Risk. The Group recognises three types of strategic risk: 
• 
Macro environment risks – risks from uncontrollable external forces; 
• 
Micro environment risks – risks from immediate areas of operation affecting 
performance and decision making; and 
• 
Corporate governance risk – risks from the way the governance structure is set, 
implemented and communicated. 
Reputational risk 
Reputational risk within the Group is defined as the current or prospective risk to earnings, 
liquidity and/or capital arising from an adverse perception of the image of the Group on the part 
of current or prospective employees, clients, counterparties, shareholders, investors/media and 
regulators. It is a risk which is a derivative of possible exposures in other risk areas.

--- Page 49 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 49 - 
55-41010271 
 
Information Security Risk 
Within the Group, information security risk is defined as 'the risk of loss due to inadequate ICT 
controls, failed components, human behaviour or external events, resulting in a loss of 
information confidentiality and/or integrity and/or availability'. The availability, integrity and 
confidentiality of information assets are essential in maintaining the Group's competitive edge, 
cash-flow, profitability, regulatory and legal compliance and the Group's overall brand image. 
Legal, Compliance and Privacy Risk 
The Group defines legal risk as the risk of loss that is primarily caused by (i) an unauthorised or 
defective transaction, (ii) a claim being made or some other event occurring that results in a 
liability or other loss, (iii) failing to take appropriate measures to protect assets owned by the 
Group, and (iv) a change in applicable law. Compliance risk is defined as the risk of legal or 
regulatory sanctions, material financial loss or loss to reputation as a result of its failure to 
comply with relevant laws, regulations, rules, internal policies, standards and code of conduct 
applicable to its business activities and in scope of the Compliance function. Privacy risk is part 
of the Compliance function. 
Within the Group for legal, compliance and privacy there are separate charters in place. The 
Group's Legal Charter describes the governance of the legal function and the legal risk cycle. 
The Legal Charter aims to help the Group's business functions understand their role and 
position in relation to the Group's Legal function and to detail the Group's approach to managing 
legal risks. The Legal Charter mandates the Group's Legal function to manage legal risks, 
outlines the scope, organisation, operations and governance of the Legal function within the 
Group and defines the Group's Legal function's role and responsibilities. 
The Group's Privacy and Compliance Charter and Compliance Risk Management Framework 
form the basis for the governance of the compliance function and compliance risk cycle; the 
compliance, legal and privacy risks are assessed and monitored by the Compliance function, 
the Legal function has a first line role in this respect. The Privacy and Compliance Charter 
introduces a clear allocation of tasks and responsibilities expected of management and staff 
involved in compliance within the Group. The Compliance Risk Management Framework details 
the approach the Group follows in order to manage its exposure to compliance risk, being the 
compliance risk cycle, i.e. the identification, assessment, mitigation, monitoring and reporting on 
compliance risk. The independence of its compliance officers is embedded in the Privacy and 
Compliance Charter as well as their reporting lines. 
Each entity of the Group performs at least an annual compliance risk assessment. The 
outcomes are integrated in a compliance risk assessment. The assessment is discussed within 
the Managing Board. The compliance officers of such entities report to the Group Compliance 
Officer on a monthly basis. The Group Compliance Officer reports to the Risk Committee of the 
Supervisory Board via the Group Risk Committee on a quarterly basis and timely reports to the 
Managing Board.

--- Page 50 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 50 - 
55-41010271 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Final Terms and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended in a manner which would make the 
Base Prospectus, as supplemented, inaccurate or misleading, a new Base Prospectus will be 
prepared. 
In relation to each separate issue of Notes, the issue price and the amount of such Notes will be 
determined, before filing of the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") and interest (if any) 
payable in respect of Notes of each issue, based on then prevailing market conditions at the 
time of the issue of the Notes, and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Final Terms 
will be provided to investors and filed with the relevant competent authority for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation when any Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market as 
soon as practicable and if possible in advance of admittance to trading on a regulated market. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AFM as the competent authority in the Issuer's 
home Member State of the EEA pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AFM has only 
approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes 
that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). This 
Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are 
incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The information on the websites to which a hyperlink has been included in this Base Prospectus 
(other than the hyperlinks contained in the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" 
below) does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the AFM. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme and, if given or made, such information or representation must 
not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme should purchase any Notes. No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or 
implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Dealers or the Arranger in their 
respective capacities, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer. No Dealer accepts any liability 
in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or 
any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers 
to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. This Base Prospectus may only be 
used for the purposes for which it has been published. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers 
represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that Notes may be lawfully 
offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction. 
In particular, further action may be required under the Programme in order to permit a public 
offering of the Notes or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall 
in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is

--- Page 51 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 51 - 
55-41010271 
 
correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus 
has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme. Investors should review, inter 
alia, the most recent financial statements of the Issuer when deciding whether or not to 
purchase any Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law 
in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes come 
must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the EEA 
(including The Netherlands, Italy, Luxembourg), the United Kingdom, Japan and the United 
States (see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state 
or jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes are in bearer form and are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the registration requirement of the Securities Act. 
Neither the Programme nor the Notes has been approved or disapproved by the United States 
Securities Exchange Commission, any state securities commission in the United States or any 
other United States regulatory authority, nor have any of the foregoing authorities passed upon 
or endorsed the merits of any offering of Notes or the accuracy or adequacy of this Base 
Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. 
All references in this document to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" refer to the currency of the 
United States of America, those to "Japanese yen", "Yen" and "¥" refer to the currency of 
Japan, those to "Sterling" and "£" refer to the currency of Great Britain and those to "EUR", "€" 
and "euro" refer to the currency of the Member States of the European Union participating in the 
economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 
of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) 
named as the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with 
a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, 
but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Benchmark Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to 
certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate 
does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark 
is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmark Regulation may have the result that 
the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any 
administrator under the EU Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any 
change in the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 52 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 52 - 
55-41010271 
 
Amounts payable under the Notes may, inter alia, be calculated by reference to London inter-
bank offered rate ("LIBOR"), which is provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), which is provided by the Bank of England and the 
Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate ("EURIBOR") which is provided by the European Money 
Markets Institute. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute 
appears, and ICE Benchmark Administration Limited and the Bank of England do not appear, 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. 
As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA does not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for you 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of 
its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the 
Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
the Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different 
from the potential Investor's Currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios relating to the economic interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Furthermore, each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent 
review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its 
acquisition of the Notes (i) is fully consistent with its (or if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary 
capacity, the beneficiary's) financial needs, objectives and condition, (ii) complies and is fully 
consistent with any investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it (whether 
acquiring the Notes as principal or in a fiduciary capacity) and (iii) is a fit, proper and suitable 
investment for it (or, if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, for the beneficiary). In 
particular, investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.

--- Page 53 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 53 - 
55-41010271 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published 
simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and have been filed with the AFM, shall be deemed to 
be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the deed of incorporation (akte van oprichting) of the Issuer which can be obtained from 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/~/media/Files/L/Leaseplan/deedofincorp.pdf;  
(b) 
the articles of association (statuten) of the Issuer which can be obtained from 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/~/media/Files/L/Leaseplan/documents/media-
library/2018/articles-of-association.pdf; 
(c) 
the publicly available audited consolidated and company financial statements of LPCorp 
for 2019 (as set out on pages 116 through 195 and pages 196 through 207 of the 2019 
annual report in respect of LPCorp, including the auditor's report thereon on pages 209 
through 220) which can be obtained from; and the publicly available audited 
consolidated and company financial statements of LPCorp for 2020 (as set out on pages 
125 through 207 and pages 208 through 216 of the 2020 annual report in respect of 
LPCorp, including the auditor's report thereon on pages 219 through 236) which can be 
obtained 
from 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/~/media/Files/L/Leaseplan/documents/news-
articles/2019/annual-report-2019.pdf 
and 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/investors/annual-report-2020; 
(d) 
the terms and conditions (including the form of final terms) set out on pages 55-77 and 
78-89 of the base prospectus prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme 
dated 18 June 2013 (the "2013 Conditions") which can be obtained from 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/~/media/Files/L/Leaseplan/documents/media-
library/2013/base-prospectus-18-june-2013.pdf; 
(e) 
the terms and conditions (including the form of final terms) set out on pages 55-77 and 
78-89 of the base prospectus prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme 
dated 17 June 2014 (the "2014 Conditions") which can be obtained from 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/~/media/Files/L/Leaseplan/documents/media-
library/2014/base-prospectus-17-june-2014.pdf; 
(f) 
the terms and conditions (including the form of final terms) set out on pages 62-86 and 
86-98 of the base prospectus prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme 
dated 12 June 2015 (the "2015 Conditions") which can be obtained from 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/~/media/Files/L/Leaseplan/documents/media-
library/2015/base-prospectus-12-june-2015.pdf; 
(g) 
the terms and conditions (including the form of final terms) set out on pages 45-66 and 
72-82 of the base prospectus prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme 
dated 24 March 2017 (the "2017 Conditions") which can be obtained from 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/~/media/Files/L/Leaseplan/documents/media-
library/2017/base-prospectus-24-march-2017.pdf; 
(h) 
the terms and conditions (including the form of final terms) set out on pages 52-88 of the 
base prospectus prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme dated 29 
March 
2018 
(the 
"2018 
Conditions") 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/~/media/Files/L/Leaseplan/documents/investors/fu
nding-strategy-statement/leaseplan-mtn-programme-2018-update-base-prospectus.pdf; 
(i) 
the terms and conditions (including the form of final terms) set out on pages 52-93 of the 
base prospectus prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme dated 20 
March 
2019 
(the 
"2019 
Conditions") 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/~/media/Files/L/Leaseplan/documents/leaseplan-
mtn-programme-2019-update-base-prospectus.pdf; and 
(j) 
the terms and conditions (including the form of final terms) set out on pages 53-104 of 
the base prospectus prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme dated 27 
March 
2020 
(the 
"2020 
Conditions") 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from

--- Page 54 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 54 - 
55-41010271 
 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/~/media/Files/L/Leaseplan/documents/2020-
update-base-prospectus.pdf. 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus. Any statements on the Issuer's competitive position included in a 
document which is incorporated by reference herein and where no external source is identified 
are based on the Issuer's internal assessment of generally available information. 
The Issuer will provide, free of charge, to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus 
has been delivered, upon the oral or written request of such person, a copy of any or all of the 
documents which are incorporated herein by reference and any further prospectus or 
prospectus supplement prepared by the Issuer for the purpose of updating or amending any 
information contained herein or therein and, where appropriate, English translations of any or all 
such documents. Requests for such documents should be directed to the Issuer in writing at the 
registered office set out at the end of this Base Prospectus or by email to 
financelegal@leaseplan.com or telephone at +31 20 709 3000 with regard to LPCorp. 
In addition, such documents will be available, free of charge, from the office in London of 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in its capacity as Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and 
on the investors section of the Issuer's website https://www.leaseplan.com. Copies of 
documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can also be obtained from 
https://www.leaseplan.com. Any information contained in or accessible through any website, 
including https://www.leaseplan.com, does not form a part of the Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the AFM, unless specifically stated in the Base Prospectus, in 
any supplement hereto or in any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus that all or any portion of such information is incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in case of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
the information included in the Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
the Notes to be issued under the Programme, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 55 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 55 - 
55-41010271 
 
Cross-Reference List 
The Annual Report 2019 
Financial Statements 
pages 116-206 
Auditor's Report 
pages 209-220 
 
The Annual Report 2020 
Financial Statements 
pages 125-216 
Auditor's Report 
pages 219-236 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement will only be valid for the issue of Notes under the 
Programme in an aggregate nominal amount which, when added to the aggregate nominal 
amount then outstanding of all Notes previously or simultaneously issued under the Programme, 
does not exceed EUR 15,000,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies. For the purpose of 
calculating the aggregate amount of Notes issued under the Programme from time to time: 
(a) 
the euro equivalent of Notes denominated in another Specified Currency (as defined 
under "Form of the Notes" below) shall be determined, at the discretion of LPCorp, as of 
the date of agreement to issue such Notes (the "Agreement Date") or on the preceding 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
London, in each case on the basis of the spot rate for the sale of the euro against the 
purchase of such Specified Currency in the London foreign exchange market quoted by 
any leading bank selected by LPCorp on such date; and 
(b) 
the amount (or, where applicable, the euro equivalent) of Zero Coupon Notes (as 
defined under "Form of the Notes" below) and other Notes issued at a discount or 
premium shall be calculated (in the case of Notes not denominated in euro, in the 
manner specified above) by reference to the net proceeds received by the Issuer for the 
relevant issue.

--- Page 56 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 56 - 
55-41010271 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more Tranches issued on 
different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that 
the issue date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect of 
different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all 
respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global Note or a 
permanent global Note, without interest coupons or talons. Each temporary global Note or, as 
the case may be, permanent global Note, which is not intended to be issued in new global note 
("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with (i) a depositary or common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearing system or (ii) be 
deposited with Euroclear Netherlands. Each global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN 
form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the ECB announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the 
"Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in the European System of Central 
Banks ("ESCB") credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the 
"Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also 
announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form 
issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be 
eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B.1210 Brussels, Belgium, the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 12 Rue Eugène Ruppert, 2453 Luxembourg, and the 
address of Euroclear Netherlands is Herengracht 459-469, 1017 BS Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a temporary global Note and subject to TEFRA D selling 
restrictions, payments of principal and interest (if any) due prior to the Exchange Date (as 
defined below) will be made against presentation of the temporary global Note only to the extent 
that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of such Note 
are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required 
by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by the relevant clearing system(s) and the 
relevant clearing system(s) have given a like certification (based on the certifications they have 
received) to the Agent. Any reference in this section to the relevant clearing system(s) shall 
mean the clearance and/or settlement system(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is not less than 40 days nor (if the 
temporary global Note has been deposited with Euroclear Netherlands) more than 90 days after 
the date on which the temporary global Note is issued, interests in the temporary global Note 
will be exchangeable (free of charge), upon request as described therein, either for interests in 
a permanent global Note without interest coupons or talons or for definitive Notes (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) in each case (if the Notes are subject to TEFRA D selling 
restrictions) against certification of beneficial ownership as described in the second sentence of 
the preceding paragraph unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a 
temporary global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest or principal due on 
or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the temporary global 
Note for an interest in a permanent global Note or definitive Notes is improperly withheld or 
refused. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
below) the Agent shall arrange that, where a temporary global Note representing a further 
Tranche of Notes is issued, the Notes of such Tranche shall be assigned an ISIN and a 
common code by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which are different from the ISIN 
and the common code assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series. Payments of 
principal and interest (if any) on a permanent global Note will be made through the relevant 
clearing system(s) against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the permanent

--- Page 57 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 57 - 
55-41010271 
 
global Note without any requirement for certification. Definitive Notes will be in the standard 
euromarket form. 
In case of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified Denomination 
plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be 
traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. So 
long as such Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note 
and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, these Notes will be tradable only in the minimum 
Specified Denomination increased with integral multiples of such a smaller amount, 
notwithstanding that definitive Notes shall only be issued up to, but excluding, twice the 
minimum Specified Denomination. 
A permanent global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole or (subject to the 
Notes which continue to be represented by the permanent global Note being regarded by the 
relevant clearing system(s) as fungible with the definitive Notes issued in partial exchange for 
such permanent global Note) in part, in accordance with the applicable Final Terms, for security 
printed definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons or coupon sheets and talons 
attached. Such exchange may be made, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, only upon 
the occurrence of any Exchange Event. 
An "Exchange Event" means (1) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, if applicable, Euroclear Netherlands have been closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done 
so and no successor clearing system is available or (2) the Issuer has or will become obliged to 
pay additional amounts as provided for or referred to in Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes which would not be required were the Notes represented by the permanent global 
Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event. 
In the event of the occurrence of any Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or Euroclear Netherlands acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest 
in the global Note may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and in the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described above, the Issuer may also give notice to the 
Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur no later than 15 days after the date 
on which the relevant notice is received by the Agent. Global Notes and definitive Notes will be 
issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement. At the date hereof, neither Euroclear nor 
Clearstream, Luxembourg regards Notes in global form as fungible with Notes in definitive form. 
In case of Notes represented by a permanent global Note deposited with Euroclear 
Netherlands, on the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described above, an exchange for 
definitive Notes will only be possible in the limited circumstances as described in the Dutch 
Securities Giro Transfer Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer) and in accordance with the rules and 
regulations of Euroclear Netherlands. 
The following legend will appear on all permanent global Notes, definitive Notes and interest 
coupons (including talons) which are subject to TEFRA D selling restrictions: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of 
Notes or interest coupons. The following legend will appear on all global Notes held in Euroclear 
Netherlands: 
"Notice: This Note is issued for deposit with Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal 
Effectenverkeer B.V. ("Euroclear Netherlands") at Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Any person 
being offered this Note for transfer or any other purpose should be aware that theft or fraud is 
almost certain to be involved".

--- Page 58 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 58 - 
55-41010271 
 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in 
Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Notes. In such circumstances, 
where any Note is still represented by a global Note and a holder of such Note so represented 
and credited to his account with the relevant clearing system(s) (other than Euroclear 
Netherlands) gives notice that it wishes to accelerate such Note, unless within a period of 15 
days from the giving of such notice payment has been made in full of the amount due in 
accordance with the terms of such global Note, holders of interests in such global Note credited 
to their accounts with the relevant clearing system(s) (other than Euroclear Netherlands) will 
become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account 
provided by the relevant clearing system(s) (other than Euroclear Netherlands) on and subject 
to the terms of the relevant global Note. In the case of a global Note deposited with Euroclear 
Netherlands, the rights of Noteholders will be exercised in accordance with the Securities Giro 
Transfer Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer).

--- Page 59 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 59 - 
55-41010271 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of Notes which will be incorporated by reference 
into each global Note and which will be endorsed on (or, if permitted by the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, incorporated by reference into) each definitive Note in the standard euromarket form. 
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following 
Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of 
such Tranche of Notes. The applicable Final Terms will be endorsed on, incorporated by 
reference into, or attached to, each global Note and definitive Note in the standard euromarket 
form. Reference should be made to "Form of the Notes" above for a description of the content of 
Final Terms which includes the definition of certain terms used in the following Terms and 
Conditions. 
This Note is one of a series of Notes issued by the Issuer named in the Final Terms endorsed 
on, incorporated by reference into or attached to this Note (the "Issuer" and the "Final Terms", 
respectively) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). References herein to the 
"Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series (as defined below) and shall mean (i) in 
relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, units of the lowest Specified Denomination 
in the Specified Currency, (ii) definitive Notes issued in exchange (or part exchange) for a global 
Note and (iii) any global Note. The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) also have the 
benefit of an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as further 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") 
dated 1 April 2021 and made, inter alia, between the Issuer, Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the "Agent", which expression 
shall include any successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with 
the Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor 
paying agents). 
Interest bearing definitive Notes in the standard euromarket form (unless otherwise indicated in 
the Final Terms) have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, if indicated in the Final Terms, talons 
for further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons 
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or 
talons. Any reference herein to "Noteholders" shall mean the holders of the Notes, and shall, in 
relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, be construed as provided below. Any 
reference herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons, and shall, unless 
the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. Any holders mentioned above 
include those having a credit balance in the collective depots held by Nederlands Centraal 
Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V. ("Euroclear Netherlands") or one of its participants. 
The Final Terms for this Note are endorsed hereon or attached hereto or incorporated by 
reference herein and supplement these Terms and Conditions and may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these Terms 
and Conditions, replace or modify these Terms and Conditions for the purposes of this Note. 
References herein to the "applicable Final Terms" are to the Final Terms for this Note. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to 
listing) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) are 
identical in all respects (including as to listing) from the date on which such consolidation is 
expressed to take effect. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms are available at the specified 
offices of each of the Agent and the other Paying Agents save that a Final Terms relating to an 
unlisted Note will only be available for inspection by a Noteholder upon such Noteholder 
producing evidence as to identity satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent. The Noteholders 
and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are binding on them. 
Words and expressions used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings 
where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated. Any amendments to the Terms and Conditions required in connection with 
such additional or alternative clearing systems shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 60 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 60 - 
55-41010271 
 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
Specified Currency, the Specified Denomination(s) and the Specified Form(s). This Note may 
be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a CMS-Linked Interest Note or a Zero Coupon 
Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis shown in the 
Final Terms. 
This Note may be a Senior Note or a Subordinated Note, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Notes in definitive form are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes 
in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are 
not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. For Notes held by 
Euroclear Netherlands deliveries will be made in accordance with the Dutch Securities Giro 
Transfer Act ("Wet giraal effectenverkeer"). Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law or applicable regulations, the Issuer, the Agent and any Paying 
Agent may deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof 
(whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or 
notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any global Note, 
without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream, Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in 
the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall 
be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such 
Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on the 
Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant global Note shall be treated by the Issuer 
and any Paying Agent as the holder of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms 
of the relevant global Note which, for so long as the relevant global Note is held by a depositary 
or common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN, 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or (except in the case of an NGN) any other 
relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, 
common safekeeper (and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly). Notes which are represented by a global Note held 
by a common depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. In case of Notes represented by a permanent global Note 
deposited with Euroclear Netherlands, a Noteholder shall not have the right to request delivery 
(uitlevering) of his Notes under the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act ("Wet giraal 
effectenverkeer") other than as set out in the global Note and in accordance with the rules and 
regulations of Euroclear Netherlands. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms but shall not include Euroclear Netherlands. 
2. 
Status of the Notes 
(a) 
Senior Notes 
This Condition 2(a) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the Final Terms as 
being Senior Notes. The Senior Notes and the relative Coupons constitute unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for those preferred by mandatory 
provisions of law and other than those unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
having a lower ranking in reliance on article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act

--- Page 61 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 61 - 
55-41010271 
 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing article 108 of Directive 
2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in The Netherlands). 
(b) 
Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 2(b) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the Final Terms as 
being Subordinated Notes. The Subordinated Notes of such Series and the relative 
Coupons constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank (i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and with all other present and 
future unsecured and equally subordinated obligations of the Issuer (other than those 
subordinated obligations expressed by their terms or by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law to rank either junior or senior to the Subordinated Notes) and (ii) junior 
to those obligations expressed by their terms to rank in priority to the Subordinated 
Notes and those preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law, including 
as a result of the Amending Act. 
As a result, the claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes of this Series and the 
relative Coupons (the "Subordinated Holders") against the Issuer are, in the event of 
the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, subordinated to (a) the claims of depositors 
(other than in respect of those whose deposits are expressed by their terms to rank 
equally to or lower than the Subordinated Notes), (b) unsubordinated claims with 
respect to the repayment of borrowed money, (c) the claims of creditors arising from 
excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) CRR, (d) other 
unsubordinated claims and (e) subordinated claims expressed by their terms or by law 
to rank in priority to the Subordinated Notes (collectively, "Senior Claims"). 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Subordinated Holder will, in the event of 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, only be made after all obligations of the Issuer 
resulting from Senior Claims have been satisfied. 
The Subordinated Notes of this Series may qualify as Tier 2 capital ("Tier 2 Notes") as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of the regulatory capital rules 
applicable to the Issuer from time to time. 
From (and including) the Effective Date, the Subordinated Notes and the relative 
Coupons are intended to qualify as, and comprise part of, own funds having a lower 
priority ranking than any claim that does not result from an own funds item within the 
meaning of the Amending Act. 
"Effective Date" means the date on which the Amending Act becomes effective in the 
Netherlands. 
"Amending Act" means the Act implementing article 48(7) of Directive (EU) 2019/879 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019. 
(c) 
No set-off or netting 
The Subordinated Notes and relative Coupons are not eligible for any set-off or netting 
by any Subordinated Holder or Couponholder and no Subordinated Holder or 
Couponholder shall be able to exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in respect 
of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the 
Subordinated Notes or relative Coupons. To the extent that any Subordinated Holder or 
Couponholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in respect of any such 
amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-
off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such Subordinated Holder or 
Couponholder shall immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount 
which purportedly has been set-off or netted (such a transfer, a "Set-off Repayment") 
and no rights can be derived from the relevant Subordinated Notes or relative Coupons 
until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment. Irrespective of any 
other set-off or netting agreement providing otherwise, the (im)possibility of any set-off 
or netting by a Subordinated Holder or Couponholder shall be exclusively governed by 
Dutch law.

--- Page 62 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 62 - 
55-41010271 
 
3. 
Negative Pledge (applicable in relation to Senior Notes only) 
So long as any Senior Note remains outstanding, the Issuer will not create or permit to 
subsist any Encumbrance (other than a Permitted Encumbrance) upon the whole or any 
part of its present or future undertakings, receivables, assets or revenues to secure any 
Relevant Indebtedness of any person without at the same time or prior thereto securing 
the Senior Notes equally and rateably therewith or providing such other security for the 
Senior Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any indebtedness which is in the form of or 
represented by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock or certificate in 
physical form which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock 
exchange or in any securities market; 
"Permitted Encumbrance" means an Encumbrance by the Issuer over the whole or 
any part of its receivables, undertaking or assets, present or future, pursuant to any 
securitisation, mortgage-backed financing, asset-backed financing or other similar 
financing transaction in accordance with normal market practice whereby (1) the value 
of the receivables, assets, undertakings subject to such Encumbrance is not greater 
than is required to allow the securitisation, mortgage-backed financing, asset-backed 
financing, or similar financing transaction to take place, taking into consideration the 
nature and performance history of the underlying assets, any rating requirements and 
prevailing market conditions, and (2) recourse under the Encumbrance is limited to the 
proceeds of sale, collection or realisation of the specific assets, receivables, 
undertakings secured by the Encumbrance; and 
"Encumbrance" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance. 
4. 
Redenomination 
(a) 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, on 
giving prior notice to the Agent, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and, if applicable, 
Euroclear Netherlands and at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14, elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date 
specified in the notice, the Notes shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) 
the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the denomination of 
euro 0.01 with a principal amount for each Note equal to the principal amount of 
that Note in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at the Established Rate 
provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the Agent, that 
the then market practice in respect of the redenomination into euro of 
internationally offered securities is different from the provisions specified above, 
such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such 
market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, the stock 
exchange (if any) on which the Notes may be listed and the Agent and other 
Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(ii) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with 
paragraph (iv) below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to the aggregate nominal amount of Notes held (or, as 
the case may be, in respect of which Coupons are presented for payment) by 
the relevant holder and the amount of such payment shall be rounded down to 
the nearest euro 0.01; 
(iii) 
if definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date they 
shall be issued at the expense of the Issuer in the denominations of euro 1,000, 
euro 10,000, euro 100,000 and (but only to the extent of any remaining amounts 
less than euro 1,000 or such smaller denominations as the Agent may approve)

--- Page 63 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 63 - 
55-41010271 
 
euro 0.01 and such other denominations as the Agent shall determine and notify 
to the Noteholders; 
(iv) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated 
in the Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become 
void with effect from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Exchange 
Notice") that replacement euro-denominated Notes and Coupons are available 
for exchange (provided that such securities are so available) and no payments 
will be made in respect of them. The payment obligations contained in any Notes 
so issued will also become void on that date although those Notes will continue 
to constitute valid exchange obligations of the Issuer. New euro-denominated 
Notes and Coupons will be issued in exchange for Notes and Coupons 
denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner as the Agent may 
specify and as shall be notified to the Noteholders in the Exchange Notice. No 
Exchange Notice may be given less than 15 days prior to any date for payment 
of principal or interest on the Notes; 
(v) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing 
before the Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though 
references in the Notes to the Specified Currency were to euro. Payments will 
be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the 
option of the payee, by a euro cheque; 
(vi) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after 
the Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other 
than on an Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated by applying the Fixed 
Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined in Condition 5(a)), and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of 
any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation 
Amount; 
(vii) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest Notes, the 
applicable Final Terms will specify any relevant changes to the provisions 
relating to interest; and 
(viii) 
such other changes shall be made to these Conditions as the Issuer may decide, 
after consultation with the Agent, and as may be specified in the notice, to 
conform them to conventions then applicable to instruments denominated in 
euro. Any such other changes will not take effect until after they have been 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(b) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency 
(including compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable 
European Union regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European 
Union pursuant to Article 140 of the Treaty; 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for 
payment of interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in 
each case specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to 
paragraph (a) above and which falls on or after the date on which the country of the 
Specified Currency first participates in the third stage of the European economic and 
monetary union; and 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union.

--- Page 64 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 64 - 
55-41010271 
 
5. 
Interest 
"Calculation Agent" means the Calculation Agent so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Fixed 
Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to 
and including the Maturity Date, subject in any case as provided in Condition 7(i). 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on 
each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on 
any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to 
the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Condition, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there 
is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(2) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days for calculating the amount of interest payable in respect of the relevant Fixed 
Interest Period shall also be adjusted in accordance with such Business Day 
Convention, unless "Unadjusted" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which 
case such amount of interest shall be calculated as if the relevant Interest Payment 
Date were not subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In this Condition, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Additional Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than any Additional Business 
Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. In these 
Conditions, "TARGET2 System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, 
such interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the

--- Page 65 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 65 - 
55-41010271 
 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5(a): 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant 
payment date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number 
of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year assuming interest was to be payable in respect of the 
whole of that year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided 
by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year assuming interest was to be payable in 
respect of the whole of that year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination dates that would occur in one calendar year 
assuming interest was to be payable in respect of the whole of 
that year; and 
(b) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"CGN" means Classic Global Note; 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date 
to (but excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date the 
period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date); 
"NGN" means New Global Note; and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as a legal tender in the country of such currency and, 
with respect to euro, means one cent. 
Where Mid Swap Rate and Reference Rate Replacement are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable and the Agent is unable to determine the applicable Mid 
Swap Rate at the relevant time, the applicable Mid Swap Rate will be the rate as 
determined in accordance with Condition 5(f) (Reference Rate Replacement), provided 
that, if no such rate can be determined in accordance with Condition 5(f) (Reference

--- Page 66 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 66 - 
55-41010271 
 
Rate Replacement) or if Reference Rate Replacement is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable, the applicable Mid Swap Rate will be the rate as last 
applied in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Fixed Interest 
Period. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest Notes 
Each Floating Rate Note and CMS-Linked Interest Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate equal 
to the rate of Interest payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or: 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest 
Payment Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of 
months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date, subject in any case as provided in Condition 7(i). 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which 
expression shall, in these Terms and Conditions, means the period from 
(and including) an Interest Payment Date or (in relation to CMS-Linked 
Interest Notes) the Period End Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or (in 
relation to CMS-Linked Interest Notes) the next (or first) Period End 
Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if 
there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an 
Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance 
with Condition 5(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, 
such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be 
the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the 
case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the number of months or 
other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable 
Final Terms after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; 
or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day.

--- Page 67 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 67 - 
55-41010271 
 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days for calculating the amount of interest payable in respect of the 
relevant Interest Period shall also be adjusted in accordance with such Business 
Day Convention, unless "Unadjusted" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in which case such amount of interest shall be calculated as if the relevant 
Interest Payment Date were not subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In this Condition, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Additional Business 
Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other 
than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than any Additional Business Centre and which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be 
Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable 
in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. In these 
Conditions, "TARGET2 System" means the Trans-European Automated 
Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
will be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms and the 
provisions below relating to ISDA Determination, Screen Rate Determination, 
Compunded Daily SONIA or any other method of determination shall apply as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Rate of Interest payable from time to 
time in respect of CMS-Linked Interest Notes will be determined in the manner 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to CMS-
Linked Interest Rate. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating either (i) the 
2000 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the First Tranche of the Notes (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. or (ii) the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the First Tranche of the Notes (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (the "ISDA 
Definitions") and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and

--- Page 68 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 68 - 
55-41010271 
 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate 
Option is based on the London interbank offered rate (LIBOR) or 
on the Euro-zone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR), the first day 
of that Interest Period or (ii) in any other case, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Calculation 
Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. If the 
ISDA Rate cannot be determined as described above, the adjustment 
rules set out in the ISDA Definitions will apply. When this sub-paragraph 
(A) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period the Calculation 
Agent will be deemed to have discharged its obligations under Condition 
5(b)(iv) in respect of the determination of the Rate of Interest if it has 
determined the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period in the 
manner provided in this sub-paragraph (A). 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be either: 
(1) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily 
supplied by one entity, the Agent will determine the Reference 
Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(2) 
in any other case, the Agent will determine the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the Reference Rates which appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(3) 
if, in the case of (1) above, such rate does not appear on that 
page or, in the case of (2) above, fewer than three such rates 
appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable: 
(A) 
the Issuer or an agent selected by the Issuer will request 
the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of 
the Reference Banks to provide to the Agent a quotation 
of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks 
in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
that market at that time; and 
(B) 
the Agent will determine the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of such quotations; 
(4) 
if fewer than two such quotations as referred to in (3) above are 
provided as requested, the Agent will determine the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates as communicated 
to (and at the request of) the Agent by the Reference Banks or 
any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in the Relevant Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency, deposits in the Specified Currency for the 
relevant Interest Period by leading banks in the Relevant 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency or, if fewer than two of

--- Page 69 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 69 - 
55-41010271 
 
the Reference Banks provide the Agent with such offered rates, 
the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for the 
relevant Interest Period, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for the relevant Interest Period, at which, at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such 
purpose) informs the Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre of the Specified Currency; 
(5) 
If, in the case of 2 above, five or more such offered quotations 
are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so 
determined; provided, however, that if the Agent is unable to determine 
a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with 
the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the 
sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic 
mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding 
Interest Period (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period). 
In this Condition B, the expression "Reference Banks" means, in the 
case of (1) above, those banks whose offered rates were used to 
determine such quotation when such quotation last appeared on the 
Relevant Screen Page and, in the case of (2) above, those banks whose 
offered quotations last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page when no 
fewer than three such offered quotations appeared. 
(C) 
Compounded Daily SONIA  
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being "Compounded Daily SONIA", the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period shall be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus the Margin (if 
any) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Agent will, on each Interest Determination Date, determine: 
(a) 
the Rate of Interest for the related Interest Period; and 
(b) 
the Interest Payment Date next following the related Interest 
Period. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of these Conditions, in the event the 
Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA Reference 
Rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA 
Reference Rate, the Agent shall, subject to receiving written instructions 
from the Issuer and to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow 
such guidance in order to determine SONIA for the purpose of 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for so long as

--- Page 70 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 70 - 
55-41010271 
 
the SONIA Reference Rate is not available or has not been published by 
the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Agent, then (unless the 
Agent has been notified of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and 
any related Adjustment Spread) pursuant to Condition 5(f) (Reference 
Rate Replacement) below, if applicable) the Rate of Interest shall be (i) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or 
(ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the 
first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date. 
There will be no maximum Interest Rate. In the event that the Interest 
Rate for any Interest Period is determined in accordance with the 
provisions set out in this Condition to be less than zero, the Interest Rate 
for such Interest Period shall be zero. 
"Observation Period" means the period from and including the date 
falling five Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling five Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or, if 
applicable, the date falling five Business Days prior to any other date on 
which a payment of interest is to be made in respect of the Notes). 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference 
rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Agent as at the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
365
) − 1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
Where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"do" is the number of Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"LBD" means a Business Day; 
"ni", for any day "i", means the number of calendar days from and 
including such day "i" up to but excluding the following Business Day; 
"p" means for any Interest Period, 5 (five) Business Days or such other 
number of Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
provided that such number shall not be less than 5 (five) Business Days 
unless otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the Agent; 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means in respect of any Business Day falling in the 
relevant Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the Business 
Day falling "p" Business Days prior to that Business Day "i"; and 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means in respect of any Business Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
("SONIA") rate for such Business Day as provided by the administrator 
of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the screen 
or, if the screen is unavailable, as otherwise published by such

--- Page 71 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 71 - 
55-41010271 
 
authorised distributors (on the Business Day immediately following such 
Business Day). 
If, in respect of any Business Day in the relevant Observation Period, the 
Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the 
screen or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall be: (i) the Bank of 
England's bank rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business on 
the relevant Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a 
SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest 
spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions, the Interest Rate shall be determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date. 
(D) 
CMS-Linked Interest Rate 
Where CMS-Linked Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be determined as set out 
below according to which of the following Reference Rates is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and; 
(1) 
where CMS Reference Rate is specified as the Reference Rate 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑀𝑆 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 +  𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛 
(2) 
where CMS Steepener Rate is specified as the Reference Rate 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
(𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒 1 ×  𝐶𝑀𝑆 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 1) – (𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒 2 ×  𝐶𝑀𝑆 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 2) 
+  𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛 
(3) 
where Leverage CMS Reference Rate is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒 1 ×  𝐶𝑀𝑆 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 +  𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛 
(4) 
where CMS Reference Rate Spread is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
𝐶𝑀𝑆 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 1 –  𝐶𝑀𝑆 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 2 +  𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛 
(5) 
where Leveraged CMS Reference Rate Spread is specified as 
the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒 1 × (𝐶𝑀𝑆 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 1 − 𝐶𝑀𝑆 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 2) +  𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛 
"CMS Rate" means the applicable swap rate for CMS swap transactions, in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page in respect of the CMS 
Rate as at the Specified Time on the Period End Date in question, all as

--- Page 72 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 72 - 
55-41010271 
 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If the Relevant Screen Page is not 
available, the Issuer or an agent selected by the Issuer shall request each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate (as expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) at approximately the Specified Time on the Period End Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the quotations, eliminating, where there are more than two 
quotations available, the highest (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) 
and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If on 
any Period End Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the CMS Rate shall be the CMS Rate last determined in relation to the Notes in 
respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period; 
"CMS Rate 1" means the applicable swap rate for CMS swap transactions, in 
the Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed 
as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page in respect of the 
CMS Rate 1 as at the Specified Time on the Period End Date in question, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If the Relevant Screen Page is not 
available, the Issuer or an agent selected by the Issuer shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the 
Relevant Swap Rate (as expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Period End Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the quotations, eliminating, where there are more than two 
quotations available, the highest (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) 
and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If on 
any Period End Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the CMS Rate shall be the CMS Rate 1 last determined in relation to the Notes 
in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period; 
"CMS Rate 2" means the applicable swap rate for CMS swap transactions, in 
the Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed 
as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page in respect of the 
CMS Rate 2 as at the Specified Time on the Period End Date in question, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If the Relevant Screen Page is not 
available, the Issuer or an agent selected by the Issuer shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the 
Relevant Swap Rate (as expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Period End Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the quotations, eliminating, where there are more than two 
quotations available, the highest (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) 
and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If on 
any Period End Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the CMS Rate shall be the CMS Rate 2 last determined in relation to the Notes 
in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period; 
"Designated Maturity" means the time period specified as such in the Final 
Terms in relation to CMS-Linked Interest Notes; 
"Period End Dates" means each date specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
such, provided that if no Period End Dates are so specified, each Interest 
Payment Date.

--- Page 73 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 73 - 
55-41010271 
 
"Reference Banks" means, in relation to CMS Rates (i) where the Reference 
Currency is euro, the principal Eurozone office of five leading swap dealers in 
the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal 
London office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York 
City office of five leading swap dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, 
or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the Relevant Financial 
Centre inter-bank market, in each case as selected by the Issuer or an agent 
appointed by the Issuer; 
"Reference Currency" means each currency specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-
floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case 
calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the 2006 ISDA Definitions) with a 
Designated Maturity determined by the Calculation Agent after 
consultation with the Issuer by reference to standard market practice 
and/or 2006 ISDA Definitions; 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual 
swap rate determined on the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day 
count basis, of a fixed-for-floating Sterling interest rate swap transaction 
with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with 
an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the 
floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count 
basis, is equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity is greater than one 
year, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the 2006 ISDA Definitions) with 
a Designated Maturity of six months or (B) if the Designated Maturity is 
one year or less, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA with a Designated Maturity of three 
months; 
(iii) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the mid-market 
semi-annual swap rate determined on the arithmetic mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day 
count basis, of a fixed-for-floating United States dollar interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative 
Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, 
where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day 
count basis, is equivalent to USD-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the 2006 
ISDA Definitions) with a Designated Maturity of three months; and 
(iv) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, the Reference 
Currency Mid-market Swap Rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time.

--- Page 74 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 74 - 
55-41010271 
 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any 
Interest Period, then the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall in no 
event be less than such Minimum Rate of Interest and/or if it specifies a 
Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall in no event be greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum 
Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period. The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (each an 
"Interest Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Notes and CMS-Linked 
Interest Notes in respect of the Calculation Amount for the relevant Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day 
Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest subunit of the 
Specified Currency), half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant 
Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in 
the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case 
of euro, means one cent. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest in accordance with this Condition 5(b): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the 
case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 =
[360(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30(𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 75 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 75 - 
55-41010271 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(i) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 =
[360(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30(𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(c) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon 
due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such 
event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has 
been received by the Calculation Agent and notice to that effect has been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 or individually. 
(d) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
This Condition will be applicable (as appropriate) in relation to all Notes which are 
interest-bearing. 
The Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and 
each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date, 
or any other item related to the calculation of interest, determined or calculated by it to 
be notified to the Agent who will cause them to be notified to the Issuer and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes and CMS-Linked Interest Notes 
are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 14 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes and CMS-Linked Interest Notes 
are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. If 
the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the

--- Page 76 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 76 - 
55-41010271 
 
Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may 
publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having 
the minimum Specified Denomination. For the purposes of this paragraph, the 
expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London. 
(e) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
paragraph (b) whether by the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, if applicable, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
(f) 
Reference Rate Replacement 
If: 
(i) 
Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined; and 
(ii) 
a Reference Rate Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or 
component thereof) remains to be determined by reference to the 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply to the relevant 
Series of Notes: 
(1) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavors to appoint an Independent Adviser to 
determine: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
if such Independent Adviser fails so to determine a Successor Reference 
Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate, 
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) no later than ten Business Days (or such 
shorter period as the Issuer would require) prior to the Interest Determination Date 
relating to the next Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date"), for the 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next 
Interest Period and for all other future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 5(f) during any other future Interest Period(s)); 
(2) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent 
Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Reference Rate 
or an Alternative Reference Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(f)(1)) prior to 
the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) shall use reasonable endeavors to 
determine: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Issuer fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, an 
Alternative Reference Rate, 
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) no later than five Business Days prior 
to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period (the "Issuer 
Determination Cut-off Date"), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period and for all other future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(f) during any other 
future Interest Period(s)). Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of 
determining any Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer

--- Page 77 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 77 - 
55-41010271 
 
will take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any 
published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of market 
standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(3) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) in accordance with this Condition 5(f): 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for all future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, 
this Condition 5(f)); 
(B) 
if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and determines to the best of its knowledge and capability (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) the quantum of, or 
a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to such Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) for all future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 5(f)); and 
(C) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its 
discretion specify: 
(x) 
changes to these Terms and Conditions in order to follow market 
practice in relation to such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), including, but not 
limited to (1) Additional Business Centre(s), Additional Financial 
Center(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count 
Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Relevant Financial Centre, 
Relevant Time, Reference Banks and/or Relevant Screen Page 
applicable to the Notes and (2) the method for determining the 
fallback to the Rate of Interest in relation to the Notes if such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is not available; and 
(y) 
any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to 
ensure the proper operation and comparability to the Reference 
Rate of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable), 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to 
the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(f)); and 
(4) 
promptly following the determination of (i) any Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (ii) if applicable, any Adjustment 
Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of any changes (and the 
effective date thereof) pursuant to Condition 5(f)(3)(C) to the Calculation Agent 
and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread (as 
applicable) as described in this Condition 5(f) or such other relevant changes pursuant 
to Condition 5(f)(3)(C), including for the execution of any documents or the taking of 
other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties to the Agency Agreement. 
If a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is not determined 
pursuant to the operation of this Condition 5(f) on or before the relevant Issuer 
Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period shall be

--- Page 78 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 78 - 
55-41010271 
 
determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 5(b)(ii)(B) (Screen Rate 
Determination). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(f) shall act in good faith 
and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, 
the Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, or the Noteholders for any 
determination made by it (or not made by it) pursuant to this Condition 5(f). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(f), no Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other 
amendments to the terms of the Subordinated Notes will be made pursuant to this 
Condition 5(f), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to: 
(i) 
impact upon the eligibility of the Subordinated Notes for eligibility (in whole or in 
part) as Tier 2 Notes; and/or 
(ii) 
result in the Competent Authority considering such adoption and/or 
amendment(s) as a new issuance of the Subordinated Notes. 
Any amendment to the Conditions pursuant to this Condition 5(f) with respect to 
Subordinated Notes, is subject to the prior written permission of the Competent 
Authority and/or the relevant Resolution Authority (provided that, at the relevant time, 
such permission is required to be given). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(b)(f), if in the Calculation Agent's 
opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in 
making any determination or calculation under this Condition 5(b)(f), the Calculation 
Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation 
Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation 
Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such 
calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination 
and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(b)(f), none of the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in respect of any 
amendment to the Conditions pursuant to this Condition 5(f) which, in the sole opinion of 
the Agent or the Calculation Agent (as applicable), would have the effect of increasing 
the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or protections, of the Agent, or the 
Calculation Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
As used in this Condition 5(f): 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to a Successor 
Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation 
to the replacement of the Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate for which no such recommendation 
has been made or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the relevant 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognized or 
acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital 
markets transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognized or acknowledged, the relevant 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in its discretion determines 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference

--- Page 79 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 79 - 
55-41010271 
 
the original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced the Reference Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest in respect of notes denominated in the Specified Currency and 
of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Periods, or, if such Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other 
rate as such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its 
discretion is most comparable to the Reference Rate. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
"Reference Rate" shall be LIBOR, EURIBOR, Mid Swap Rate or any other reference 
rate specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject as provided in Condition 5(f) 
(Reference Rate Replacement). 
"Reference Rate Event" means: 
(i) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it has 
ceased, or will cease, publishing such Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which such Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no 
longer representative of an underlying market or the methodology to calculate 
such Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(vi) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference 
Rate (including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmark Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (as amended), if applicable). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such reference rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of such reference rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such 
reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate, (c) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or 
(d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Reference Rate" means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement of the Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 80 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 80 - 
55-41010271 
 
6. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a 
payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident 
account) maintained by the payee with, or by a cheque in such Specified 
Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars, shall 
be Melbourne); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any 
other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the 
payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations 
applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8. 
(b) 
Presentation of Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive 
Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of any payments to be made in U.S. dollars, 
outside the United States (as defined below). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining 
thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on 
exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the 
amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) 
will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relevant missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 8) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise 
have become void under Condition 9) or, if later, five years from the date on which such 
Coupon would otherwise have become due. Upon any Fixed Rate Note becoming due 
and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining 
thereto will become void and no further Coupons in respect of any such Talons will be 
made or issued, as the case may be. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, CMS-Linked Interest Note or Long 
Maturity Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and 
Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in 
respect thereof. Where any such Note is presented for redemption without all unmatured 
Coupons or Talons relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of 
such indemnity as the Issuer may require. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note 
(other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal 
amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such 
Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the 
aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the 
nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding

--- Page 81 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 81 - 
55-41010271 
 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall 
be payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any global 
Note will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation 
to definitive Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant global Note 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such global Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each 
payment made against presentation or surrender of such global Note, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made in respect 
of a CGN on such global Note by such Paying Agent and in respect of an NGN pro rata 
in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Such record in respect of a 
CGN shall be prima facie evidence and such records in respect of an NGN shall be 
conclusive evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
The holder of a global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in 
respect of Notes represented by such global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such global Note in respect of each amount 
so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes 
represented by such global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer 
to, or to the order of, the holder of such global Note. No person other than the holder of 
such global Note shall have any claim against the Issuer in respect of any payments due 
on that global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, U.S. dollar payments of principal and interest in respect 
of the Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States 
(which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the 
States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas 
subject to its jurisdiction)) if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able 
to make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United 
States of the full amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner 
provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified 
offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal 
and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes (unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 9) 
is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of definitive Notes only: the relevant place of presentation; 
and 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and

--- Page 82 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 82 - 
55-41010271 
 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of 
presentation (in the case of definitive Notes only) and any Additional Financial 
Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian or New Zealand Dollars 
shall be Melbourne and Wellington, respectively or (2) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET 2 System is open. 
(d) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall 
be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 8; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable by the Issuer under 
or in respect of the Notes, 
(vii) 
and shall be deemed to exclude any amount written down or converted (if any) 
pursuant to Condition 7(j). 
(viii) 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be 
payable with respect to interest under Condition 8. 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed, written down or purchased and cancelled as specified 
below, each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, Notes may be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (in the case of Notes other 
than Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest Notes) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest Notes), on giving not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable) if, on the occasion of the next payment 
due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 8, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of any Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8) or any 
political subdivision or any authority of or in any Relevant Jurisdiction having power to 
tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes. 
Further, if the Subordinated Notes qualify as Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer must (i) obtain the 
prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 (1) CRR, (ii) 
have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the Issuer 
complies with Article 78 CRR, which may include the replacement of the Subordinated 
Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for the income capacity of the Issuer and (iii) comply with any other pre-conditions to, or 
requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent

--- Page 83 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 83 - 
55-41010271 
 
Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such 
time. The Competent Authority may only permit the Issuer to redeem the Subordinated 
Notes at any time within five years after the Issue Date if, without prejudice to this 
Condition 7(b), there is a change in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated 
Notes which the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance. 
If the Subordinated Notes qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, any redemption of 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with this Condition 7(b) is subject to (i) the Issuer 
obtaining the prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 
77(2) CRR and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements 
applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or the 
Applicable MREL Regulations at such time.  
Each Note redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(b) will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph (f) below together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 7 days' notice, or such other period of notice as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14; and 
(ii) 
not less than 7 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the 
Agent, 
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable), redeem all or some only of the Notes then 
outstanding on the Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date(s). 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not higher than the Maximum Redemption Amount, both as 
indicated (if at all) in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of 
Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be selected individually by 
lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance 
with the rules of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
principal amount at their discretion) and/or Euroclear Netherlands, in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date 
fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the "Selection 
Date"). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the 
serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 
14 not less than 7 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal 
amount of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes shall bear the same 
proportion to the aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Notes as the aggregate 
nominal amount of definitive Notes outstanding bears to the aggregate nominal amount 
of the Notes outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided that such first 
mentioned nominal amount shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest 
integral multiple of the Specified Denomination, and the aggregate nominal amount of 
Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note shall be equal to the balance of the 
Redeemed Notes. No exchange of the relevant global Note will be permitted during the 
period from and including the Selection Date to and including the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this subparagraph (c) and notice to that effect shall be given by 
the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 at least 5 days prior to the 
Selection Date. 
Further, if the Subordinated Notes qualify as Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer must (i) obtain the 
prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(1) CRR and 
(ii) have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the Issuer 
complies with Article 78 CRR, which may include the replacement of the Subordinated 
Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable

--- Page 84 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 84 - 
55-41010271 
 
for the income capacity of the Issuer and (iii) comply with any other pre-conditions to, or 
requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent 
Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such 
time. 
If the Subordinated Notes qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, any redemption of 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with this Condition 7(c) is subject to (i) the Issuer 
obtaining the prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 
77(2) CRR and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements 
applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or the 
Applicable MREL Regulations at such time. 
(d) 
Redemption of Notes at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice or 
such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, 
and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, in whole (but 
not in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note its holder must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, if 
applicable, Euroclear Netherlands, deliver at the specified office of any Paying Agent at 
any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice 
period, a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Put Notice") and in 
which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by 
cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied 
by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, 
following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is 
represented by a global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or, if applicable, Euroclear Netherlands, to exercise the right 
to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, 
give notice to the Agent and the Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, if applicable, 
Euroclear Netherlands (which may include notice being given on his instruction by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them or common 
safekeeper or, if applicable, Euroclear Netherlands to the Agent and the Paying Agent 
by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or, if applicable, Euroclear Netherlands from time to time and, if this Note is represented 
by a global Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant 
global Note to or to the order of the Agent for notation (if applicable) or for a record of 
such redemption to be made in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(e) 
Redemption, Substitution and Variation for regulatory purposes of Subordinated Notes 
If Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms and upon the occurrence of 
a Capital Event or an MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may at its option, subject 
to: 
(i)  
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, (a) the prior written 
permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(1) CRR, (b) the 
Issuer demonstrating to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the 
Issuer complies with Article 78 CRR, which may include the replacement of the 
Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality on 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and (c) comply 
with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption 
as may be required by the Competent Authority or CRD or such other regulatory 
capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such time, or

--- Page 85 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 85 - 
55-41010271 
 
(ii)  
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, (a) the 
prior permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(2) CRR and 
(b) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, 
such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or the 
Applicable MREL Regulations at such time,  
and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice or such other period of 
notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable) to 
the Noteholders redeem at any time (in the case of Subordinated Notes other than 
Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in 
the case of Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest Notes), in accordance with the 
Conditions, all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at the Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together with accrued 
interest (if any) to but excluding the date of redemption. 
A "Capital Event" shall occur if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes that has resulted or would be likely to result in the Subordinated 
Notes being excluded, in whole or in part, from the Tier 2 capital (within the meaning of 
the CRR) of the Issuer or the Group or reclassified as own funds of lower quality of the 
Issuer, which change in regulatory classification (or reclassification) (i) becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date and, if redeemed within five years after the Issue 
Date, (ii) is considered by the Competent Authority to be sufficiently certain and (iii) the 
Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority was not 
reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance as required by Article 78(4) CRR. 
An "MREL Disqualification Event" shall occur if, as a result of any amendment to, or 
change in, any Applicable MREL Regulations, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of any Applicable MREL Regulations, in any such case becoming effective 
on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Subordinated Notes, the 
Subordinated Notes are or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the Competent Authority) are 
likely to become: 
(a) 
if "MREL Disqualification Event – Full Exclusion" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, fully excluded; or 
(b) 
if "MREL Disqualification Event – Full or Partial Exclusion" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, fully or partially excluded,  
in each case, from the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities determined in accordance with, 
and pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations; provided that a MREL 
Disqualification Event shall not occur where the exclusion of the Subordinated Notes 
from the relevant minimum requirement(s) is due to (i) the remaining maturity of the 
Subordinated Notes being less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility 
criteria for such minimum requirements under the Applicable MREL Regulations 
effective with respect to the Issuer on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Subordinated Notes or (ii) any applicable limits on the amount of MREL Eligible 
Liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL Requirement. 
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if a Capital 
Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to the prior written 
permission of the Competent Authority if required at the relevant time (but without any 
requirement for the permission of the Noteholders) and having given not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days' notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Noteholders, 
either substitute all, but not some only, of the Notes or vary the terms of the Notes so 
that they remain or, as appropriate, become compliant with CRD or such other 
regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time. Upon the expiry of 
the notice referred to above, the Issuer shall either vary the terms of, or substitute, the 
Notes in accordance with this Condition 7(e), as the case may be, provided that such 
substitution or variation shall not result in terms that are materially less favourable to the 
Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, the Competent Authority has discretion as to 
whether or not it will approve any such substitution or variation of the Subordinated 
Notes.

--- Page 86 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 86 - 
55-41010271 
 
Following such variation or substitution the resulting securities shall (1) have a ranking 
at least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes, (2) have at least the same interest rate 
and the same interest payment dates as those from time to time applying to the 
Subordinated Notes, (3) have the same maturity date and redemption rights as the 
Subordinated Notes, (4) preserve any existing rights under the Subordinated Notes to 
any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and 
including) the interest payment date last preceding the date of variation or substitution, 
(5) have assigned (or maintain) the same (solicited) credit ratings as were assigned to 
the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution and (6) be 
listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
In these Conditions: 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL 
Requirement then in effect and applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or 
consolidated basis) including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any 
delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the 
European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards 
and policies relating to the MREL Requirement adopted by the Competent Authority 
from time to time (whether or not such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards or policies have force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or 
specifically to the Issuer); 
"Competent Authority" means the European Central Bank, the Dutch Central Bank (De 
Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) (also referred to herein as the DNB) and any successor or 
replacement thereto, or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential 
oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or the relevant Resolution Authority (if 
applicable), as determined by the Issuer; 
"CRD" means together, (i) the CRD Directive, (ii) the CRR and (iii) the Future Capital 
Instruments Regulations; 
"CRD Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC 
and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (as amended from time to time, 
including by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019); 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (as amended from time to 
time, including by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019); and 
"Future Capital Instruments Regulations" means any regulatory capital rules 
implementing the CRR or the CRD Directive which may from time to time be introduced, 
including, but not limited to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical 
standards or implementing technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, 
national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Competent 
Authority, the European Banking Authority or other relevant authority, which are 
applicable to the Issuer (on a solo or consolidated basis) and which lay down the 
requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital 
of the Issuer (on a solo or consolidated basis) as required by (i) the CRR or (ii) the CRD 
Directive. 
"MREL Eligible Liabilities" means "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor 
term) which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by 
then Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Issuer (whether on a solo or consolidated 
basis) under Applicable MREL Regulations; and

--- Page 87 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 87 - 
55-41010271 
 
"MREL Requirement" means the requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
which is or, as the case may be, will be, applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or 
consolidated basis). 
(f) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
Subject to paragraph (j) below, for the purpose of paragraph (b) above and Condition 
10, each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, 
at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face 
Amount") equal to the product of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and 
(B) 
the sum of the figure 1 and the Accrual Yield, raised to the power of x, 
where "x" is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of 
days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months 
of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator of which is 360, or on such other 
calculation basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
in any other case, at the amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, at their nominal amount. 
(g) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes at any price in the 
open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, re-issued, resold or, at the option of 
the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. Any purchase of 
Subordinated Notes is subject to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of 
the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR and save that any such purchase 
may only take place within 5 years after the Issue Date subject to, if and to the extent 
then required by the Competent Authority, CRD or the Applicable MREL Regulations at 
the relevant time, (a) the Issuer having before or at the same time as such purchase, 
replaced the Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality 
at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the Competent 
Authority having permitted such purchase on the basis of the determination that it would 
be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances 
or (b) the Subordinated Notes being purchased for market making purposes in 
accordance with CRD or the Applicable MREL Regulations and (ii) compliance with any 
other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such purchase as may be 
required by the Competent Authority, CRD or the Applicable MREL Regulations at such 
time. 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes 
so cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (g) above 
(together with all unmatured Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the 
Agent and cannot be re-issued or resold. 
(i) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such 
Zero Coupon Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) above or upon its 
becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or 
refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be 
the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (f)(ii) above as though the references 
therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon

--- Page 88 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 88 - 
55-41010271 
 
Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the 
earlier of: 
(i) 
The date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have 
been paid; and 
(ii) 
Five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has 
been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 14. 
(j) 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes may become subject to the determination by the Resolution 
Authority or the Issuer (following instructions from the Resolution Authority) that without 
the consent of the Subordinated Holder (a) all or part of the nominal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be 
written down, reduced or redeemed and cancelled or otherwise be applied to absorb 
losses, subject to write-up by the Resolution Authority (such loss absorption, "Statutory 
Loss Absorption") or (b) all or part of the nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes, 
including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be converted into claims 
which may give right to common equity Tier 1 instruments (such conversion, 
"Recapitalisation"), all as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework. Upon 
any such determination, (i) the relevant proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of 
the Subordinated Notes subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall be 
written down, reduced, redeemed and cancelled or converted into claims which may 
give right to common equity Tier 1 instruments or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, 
as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, (ii) such Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation shall not constitute an Event of Default and (iii) the 
Subordinated Holders will have no further claims in respect of the amount so written 
down or subject to conversion or otherwise as a result of such Statutory Loss Absorption 
or Recapitalisation. 
The Issuer shall as soon as practicable give notice to the Subordinated Holders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) that Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation has occurred and of the amount adjusted downwards upon the 
occurrence of Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation. Failure to provide such 
notice will not have any impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, any such 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation or give Subordinated Holders any rights 
as a result of such failure. 
Upon any write down or conversion of a proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of 
the Subordinated Notes, any reference in these Conditions to principal, nominal amount, 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount 
of the Subordinated Notes shall be deemed to be to the amount resulting after such 
write down or conversion. 
In addition, subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority and without the 
consent of the Subordinated Holders, the Subordinated Notes may be subject to other 
resolution measures as envisaged under the Applicable Resolution Framework, such as 
replacement or substitution of the Issuer, transfer of the Subordinated Notes, 
expropriation of Subordinated Holders, modification of the terms of the Subordinated 
Notes, suspension of any payment or delivery obligations of the Issuer under or in 
connection with the Subordinated Notes (any such suspension, a "Moratorium") and/or 
suspension or termination of the listings of the Subordinated Notes. Such determination, 
the implementation thereof and the rights of Subordinated Holders shall be as 
prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, which may include the concept 
that, upon such determination, no Subordinated Holder shall be entitled to claim any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax or other consequences arising from any 
such event. 
The occurrence of any Statutory Loss Absorption, Recapitalisation, Moratorium and/or 
any other event as described in this Condition 7(j) shall not constitute an Event of 
Default.

--- Page 89 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 89 - 
55-41010271 
 
In these Conditions: 
"Applicable Resolution Framework" means any relevant laws and regulations 
applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time pursuant to, or which implement, or are 
enacted within the context of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms and amending Council Directive 82/891/EEC, 
and Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 
2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU and Regulations (EU) No 1093/2010 and 
(EU) No 648/2012, of the European Parliament and of the Council (as amended), or any 
other resolution or recovery rules which may from time to time be applicable to the 
Issuer including Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the 
resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single 
Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 
1093/2010 (as amended); and 
"Resolution Authority" means the European Single Resolution Board, the Dutch 
Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) (also referred to herein as the DNB) or 
such other regulatory authority or governmental body having the power to impose 
Statutory Loss Absorption on the Subordinated Notes pursuant to the Applicable 
Resolution Framework. 
8. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer 
will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes or duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any 
authority of or in any Relevant Jurisdiction having power to tax, unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will depending on which 
provision is specified in the applicable Final Terms either: 
(a) 
make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges for the account of the holders of the Notes or Coupons, as the 
case may be, and shall not pay any additional amounts to the holders of the Notes or 
Coupons; or 
(b) 
pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction 
shall equal the respective amounts of principal (in the case of Senior Notes only) and 
interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or 
Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except 
that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes only, in respect of payment of any amount of 
principal; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who is 
liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of 
that Noteholder or Couponholder having some connection with a Relevant 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon or the receipt of 
principal or interest in respect thereof; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who 
would not be liable or subject to the withholding or deduction by making a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant 
tax authority;  
(iv) 
under which any interest is subject to withholding or deduction pursuant to the 
application of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021); or 
(v) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined 
below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to

--- Page 90 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 90 - 
55-41010271 
 
an additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day 
assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6(c)). 
The Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor 
provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement or implementing legislation 
adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any 
agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA withholding") as a result 
of a holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary that is not an agent of the Issuer not 
being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. Neither the Issuer, the 
Paying Agent nor any other person will be required to pay additional amounts or 
otherwise indemnify an investor for any such FATCA withholding deducted or withheld 
by the Issuer, the paying agent or any other party. 
As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first 
becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly 
received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full 
amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
As used herein, "Relevant Jurisdiction" in relation to the Issuer means The 
Netherlands. 
9. 
Prescription 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and /or 
interest are made within a period of five years after the date on which such payment first 
became due. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any 
Coupon the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this 
Condition or Condition 6(b) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 
6(b). 
10. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
In relation to Senior Notes only, if any one or more of the following events (each an 
"Event of Default") shall have occurred and be continuing: 
(i) 
default is made for more than 14 days in the payment of interest or 7 days in the 
payment of principal in respect of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Notes 
and such failure has continued for the period of 30 days next following the 
service on the Issuer (as the case may be) of notice requiring the same to be 
remedied; or 
(iii) 
if 
(a) 
any other indebtedness for borrowed money of the Issuer, being 
indebtedness for borrowed money amounting in aggregate to at least 
EUR 75,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, either: 
(i) 
shall become repayable prior to the due date for payment thereof 
by reason of default by the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
shall not be repaid at maturity as extended by any days of grace 
permitted by law, any provision of the relevant instrument or any 
agreement of the parties to such instrument; or 
(b) 
any guarantee or indemnity given by the Issuer, in respect of a sum 
amounting in aggregate to at least EUR 75,000,000 or its equivalent in 
any other currency, in respect of indebtedness for borrowed money of 
any party shall not be honoured when due and called upon unless 
remedied by the Issuer within 15 business days of receipt of a written 
notice from a borrowing party substantiating a default under a borrowing 
agreement; or

--- Page 91 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 91 - 
55-41010271 
 
(iv) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding 
up or dissolution of the Issuer, otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to 
a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or reconstruction where either: 
(a) 
prior consent thereto has been given by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
under which the continuing entity effectively assumes all of the rights and 
obligations of the Issuer; or 
(v) 
if: 
(a) 
the Issuer stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or 
admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall 
due; or 
(b) 
the Issuer is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the 
purposes of any applicable law in its jurisdiction of incorporation or is 
adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(vi) 
if: 
(a) 
proceedings are initiated against the Issuer under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws; 
or 
(b) 
an application is made for the appointment of an administrative or other 
receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer or, as the case may be, in 
relation to the whole or a material part of the undertaking or assets; or 
(c) 
an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a material part of the 
undertaking or assets of the Issuer; or 
(d) 
a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is 
levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or a 
material part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer and in any such 
case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged 
within 14 days; or 
(vii) 
if: 
(a) 
the Issuer initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself 
under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation 
or other similar laws; or 
(b) 
the Issuer makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or 
enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors 
generally (or any class of its creditors); or 
(c) 
any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or 
composition with the creditors generally (or any class of the creditors) of 
the Issuer; 
then any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the 
Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare the Note held by 
the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith 
due and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7(f)) 
together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, 
demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
(b) 
In relation to Subordinated Notes, 
(i) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding 
up or dissolution of the Issuer, otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to 
a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or reconstruction where either:

--- Page 92 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 92 - 
55-41010271 
 
(a) 
prior consent thereto has been given by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
under which the continuing entity effectively assumes all of the rights and 
obligations of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is declared bankrupt, 
this will constitute an event of default in respect of Subordinated Notes. Subject to the 
Issuer obtaining prior written permission from the Competent Authority in the case of 
Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes or MREL Eligible Liabilities pursuant to 
Article 77 CRR then any Noteholder of Subordinated Notes may, by written notice to the 
Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by 
the Agent, declare the Subordinated Note(s) held by such Noteholder to be forthwith 
due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the 
Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7(f)), together with accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other 
notice of any kind. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of 
such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms 
as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued. 
12. 
Agent and Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and their initial 
specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or 
appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified 
office through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be 
a Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the 
rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in a city in 
continental Europe; and 
(iii) 
there will at all times be an Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in 
New York City in the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 6(b). 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in 
the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor 
more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
13. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any 
Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange 
for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include 
Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of 
the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9. 
Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, be deemed to 
mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in the 
relative Coupon sheet matures.

--- Page 93 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 93 - 
55-41010271 
 
14. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notes in Global Form: so long as any Tranche of Notes is represented by a Global Note 
and such Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to Noteholders of 
that Tranche will, save where another means of effective communication has been 
specified herein or in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be validly given if given 
by delivery of the relevant notice to the clearing system for communication by it to the 
accountholders in respect of the relevant Notes. If such delivery is not practicable, 
notices will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English language 
daily newspaper having general circulation in the European Union (which is expected to 
be the Financial Times). Notices to Noteholders of any Tranche may, at the sole 
discretion of the Issuer and solely for informational purposes, also be published on the 
website of the Issuer and/or of any other entity specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for this purpose. 
(b) 
Notes admitted to Listing, Trading and/or Quotation: so long as any Tranche of Notes is 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange 
or quotation system, notices to Noteholders of that Tranche will, save where another 
means of effective communication has been specified herein or in the applicable Final 
Terms, be deemed to be validly given if: 
(i) 
in the case a Tranche of Notes admitted to listing and trading on Euronext 
Amsterdam (so long as such Notes are admitted to listing and trading on 
Euronext Amsterdam and any applicable laws, rules or regulations so require), 
published in such manner as may be required by applicable laws, rules and 
regulations from time to time; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Tranche of Notes admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any other competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, if 
published in such manner as may be required by applicable laws, rules and 
regulations from time to time; 
(c) 
In any other cases: where both Condition 14(a) and Condition 14(b) are inapplicable, 
notices will, save where another means of effective communication has been specified 
herein or in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be validly given if published in a 
leading daily newspaper having general circulation in the European Union (which is 
expected to be the Financial Times). 
(d) 
General 
For the avoidance of doubt, where both Condition 14(a) and Condition 14(b) apply, 
notices must be given in the manner specified in Condition 14(a) and in the manner 
specified in Condition 14(b) in order to be deemed to have been validly given. Any 
notice given in accordance with Condition 14(a) or Condition 14(b) above will be 
deemed to have been validly given on the date and time of first such notification (or, if 
required to be notified in more than one manner, on the first date on which notification 
shall have been made in all required manners). Couponholders will be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice validly given to Noteholders in 
accordance with this Condition 14 (Notices). 
(e) 
Notices by Noteholders 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of Notes in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a global Note, such notice may be 
given by any holder of a Note to the Agent via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, as the case may be, in such 
manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders 
to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or certain

--- Page 94 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 94 - 
55-41010271 
 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or 
Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. In nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever 
the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes and 
Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment 
of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or 
Coupons), the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned such 
meeting not less than one-third, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders 
shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, 
and on all Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement which 
is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of 
a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven 
error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in 
which the Issuer is incorporated; or 
(iii) 
in accordance with Condition 7(e), substitution of the Subordinated Notes or 
variation of the terms of the Subordinated Notes in order to ensure that such 
substituted or varied Subordinated Notes continue to qualify as Tier 2 Notes 
under CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the 
relevant time. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and 
any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Any amendment to Condition 7(j) or any other amendment which otherwise impacts the 
eligibility of the Subordinated Notes for eligibility as Tier 2 Notes is subject to the prior 
written permission of the Competent Authority and/or the relevant Resolution Authority 
(provided that, at the relevant time, such permission is required). 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders to create and issue further Notes having terms and conditions the same 
as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligation 
arising out of or in connection thereto, are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, the laws of The Netherlands including the choice of court agreement 
as set out below. 
The Issuer submits for the exclusive benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
to the jurisdiction of the courts of Amsterdam, The Netherlands, judging in first instance, 
and its appellate courts. Without prejudice to the foregoing, the Issuer further irrevocably 
agrees that any suit, action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the 
Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons may be brought in any other court of

--- Page 95 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 95 - 
55-41010271 
 
competent jurisdiction (including any proceedings relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection thereto).

--- Page 96 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 96 - 
55-41010271 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
[Date] 
LeasePlan Corporation N.V. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 724500C60L930FVHS484 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 15,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU (the "IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA which were relied on immediately before exit day to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in EU MiFID II; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (an  "EU distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, an EU distributor 
subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[To be included if any of the Managers are "UK MiFIR entities" and are "manufacturers" for the 
purposes of UK MiFIR:][UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs 
only target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of

--- Page 97 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 97 - 
55-41010271 
 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "UK distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules")  is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of 
its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital 
markets products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") in the Base Prospectus dated [•] March 2021 [and 
the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus and any 
supplement thereto. The Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto are available, free of 
charge, from the office in London of Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in its capacity as 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and on the investors section of the Issuer's website 
https://www.leaseplan.com. Any information contained in or accessible through any website, 
including https://www.leaseplan.com, does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the AFM, unless specifically stated in the Base Prospectus, in 
any supplement hereto or in any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus that all or any portion of such information is incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date. The Conditions of the 
original issue being tapped should be reviewed to ensure that they would not require the final 
terms documenting the further issue to include information which is no longer permitted in final 
terms. Where the final terms documenting the further issue would need to include such 
information, it will not be possible to tap using final terms and a drawdown prospectus 
(incorporating the original Conditions and final terms) will instead need to be prepared.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
set forth in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") in the Base Prospectus 
dated [original date] [as supplemented by a supplement dated [date]] which are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus dated [current date]. This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [current date] and any supplement 
thereto in order to obtain all the relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions which 
are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [as supplemented by a supplement 
dated [date]] and are attached hereto.] Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes 
is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectuses dated [original date] and [current date] and any supplement thereto. The Base 
Prospectus and any supplement thereto are available, free of charge, from the office in London 
of Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in its capacity as Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and 
on the investors section of the Issuer's website https://www.leaseplan.com. Any information 
contained in or accessible through any website, including https://www.leaseplan.com, does not 
form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM, unless 
specifically stated in the Base Prospectus, in any supplement hereto or in any document 
incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus that all or any 
portion of such information is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.] [The Base

--- Page 98 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 98 - 
55-41010271 
 
Prospectus with the 'original date' must be approved by the competent authority pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation.] 
[Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is derived 
from any Notes by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any 
operations in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption 
available for qualifying debt securities (subject to certain conditions) under the Income Tax Act, 
Chapter 134 of Singapore (the ''ITA''), shall not apply if such person acquires such Notes using 
the funds and profits of such person's operations through a permanent establishment in 
Singapore. Any person whose interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium 
or break cost derived from the Notes is not exempt from tax (including for the reasons described 
above) shall include such interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or 
break cost in a return of income made under the ITA.]1 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given as to whether 
such final terms or information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the 
need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
LeasePlan Corporation N.V. 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Date 
on 
which 
the 
Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[insert earlier Tranches] on [[insert date]/the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph 23 below 
[which is expected to occur on or about [insert 
date]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
– 
Series: 
[•] 
– 
Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
 
1 
Include if the Notes are intended to qualify as "qualifying debt securities" ("QDS") for the 
purposes of the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore.''

--- Page 99 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 99 - 
55-41010271 
 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
[[EUR 100,000] and integral multiples of [EUR 
1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[EUR 199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will 
be issued with a denomination above [EUR 
199,000].] 
(All Notes will have a minimum Specified 
Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency)). 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] (If only one Specified Denomination, the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination insert the largest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/ Floating rate/CMS-
Linked rate – Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [specify month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/– [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[CMS-Linked Interest Notes] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(See paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their 
nominal amount 
(further particulars specified below) 
11. Change of Interest Basis: 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date up to (but 
excluding) [•], [[•] per cent. per annum Fixed 
Rate /[specify Reference Rate] +/– [•] per cent. 
per annum Floating Rate] and from (and 
including) [•] up to (but excluding) [•], [[•] per 
cent. per annum Fixed Rate /[specify Reference 
Rate] +/– [•] per cent. per annum Floating Rate] 
(see paragraphs 14 and 15 for further 
details)/Not Applicable] 
12. Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Regulatory Call] 
[(See paragraph [17/18/19] below)] 
13. (i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes / Subordinated [Tier 2] Notes]

--- Page 100 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 100 - 
55-41010271 
 
[(ii)] 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[•] [and [•], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [from (and including) [•] 
up to (but excluding) [•]] [the aggregate of [•] 
per cent. and the Mid Swap Rate per annum] 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date 
["Mid Swap Rate" means the [semi-] annual 
mid swap rate for [Euro][U.S. Dollar] swap 
transaction with a maturity of [•] years, 
expressed as a percentage, displayed on 
Bloomberg ICAE screen page [•] (or such other 
page as may replace that page on Bloomberg, 
or such other service as may be designated by 
the [Managers]/[Dealer] in consultation with the 
Issuer) at [•] [a.m./p.m.] ([•] time) on the 
[second] Business Day prior to [•].] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [up to and including the Maturity 
Date] [in each case subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the [Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [and [•] as Additional Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of "Business Day"][, 
Unadjusted]] 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case 
of long or short coupons) 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
(Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]/Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) 
[Determination Dates: 
[[•] in each year/ Not Applicable] 
(insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
 
(vii) 
Reference Rate Determination: 
[Yes/No] 
 
– 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable in case of Fixed Rate Notes 
that are subject to a reset.)

--- Page 101 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 101 - 
55-41010271 
 
15. Floating Rate/CMS-Linked Interest 
Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified 
Period/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/[•] in each year, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iv) below/ not 
subject to any adjustment as the Business Day 
Convention set out in (iv) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Unadjusted: 
[No/Yes/Not applicable] 
(Only applicable in case a Business Day 
Convention applies. Insert "No" if the amount of 
interest payable in respect of the relevant 
Interest Period should also be adjusted in 
accordance with the applicable Business Day 
Convention. Insert "Yes" if the amount of 
interest should be calculated as if the relevant 
Interest Payment Date were not subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the applicable 
Business Day Convention.) 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[specify/Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/CMS Rate] 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Yes/No] 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[for example, LIBOR, Compounded Daily 
SONIA or EURIBOR] 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
(Second London business day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than 
sterling or euro LIBOR), first day of each 
Interest Period if sterling LIBOR, the second 
day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR or euro LIBOR and if Compounded 
Daily SONIA, as soon as possible after the date 
which is "p" London Business Days prior to the 
next Interest Payment Date and in any event no 
later than three London Business Days prior to 
the next Interest Payment date) 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01, ensure it is a page which shows 
a composite rate due to the fallback provisions 
in the Conditions)

--- Page 102 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 102 - 
55-41010271 
 
– 
SONIA Lag period (p): 
[[•] London Business Days][Not Applicable] 
(N.B. minimum of 5 London Business Days 
unless otherwise between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time (in case 
of LIBOR)/Brussels time (in case of EURIBOR)] 
– 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[For example, London (in case LIBOR or 
Compounded Daily SONIA))/Euro-zone (where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of the 
countries whose lawful currency is the euro)(in 
case of EURIBOR)] 
– 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Yes/No] 
– 
ISDA Definitions 
[2000 ISDA Definitions/2006 ISDA Definitions] 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
– 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
(x) 
CMS-Linked Interest Notes 
[Yes/No] 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[CMS Reference Rate] / [CMS Steepener Rate] 
/ [Leveraged CMS Reference Rate] / [CMS 
Reference Rate Spread] / [Leveraged CMS 
Reference Rate Spread] applies 
– 
Period End Dates: 
[•] in each year [as adjusted] in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention [unadjusted] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[•][For [CMS Rate 1: [•] and for CMS Rate 2 [•]] 
– 
Reference Currency: 
[•][For [CMS Rate 1: [•] and for CMS Rate 2 [•]] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
ISDAFIX[•][For [CMS Rate 1: ISDAFIX[•] and for 
CMS Rate 2 ISDAFIX[•]] 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•][For [CMS Rate 1: [•] and for CMS Rate 2 [•]] 
– 
Specified Time: 
[•][For [CMS Rate 1: [•] and for CMS Rate 2 [•]] 
– 
Leverage 1: 
[•] 
– 
Leverage 2: 
[•] 
– 
Reference 
Currency 
Mid-market 
[•] 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 103 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 103 - 
55-41010271 
 
16. Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Amortisation / Accrual] Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
and late payment: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
/Actual/365(Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
18. Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[•] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
19. Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 104 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 104 - 
55-41010271 
 
 
(ii) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[•] days 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
 
(iii) 
MREL Disqualification Event: 
[Full exclusion only/Full or partial exclusion] 
20. Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
21. Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[•] 
22. Variation or Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange 
Event [, and in respect of global Notes 
deposited with Euroclear Netherlands only in 
the limited circumstances as described in the 
Securities Giro Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer) 
and 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
rules 
and 
regulations of Euroclear Netherlands].] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date, which only applies to Temporary Global 
Notes which have a denomination which does 
not consist of a Specified Denomination with 
integral multiples thereof.] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event[, 
and in respect of global Notes deposited with 
Euroclear Netherlands only in the limited 
circumstances as described in the Securities 
Giro Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer)].] 
24. New Global Note Form: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
25. Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/ give details] (Note that this item 
relates to the place of payment and not interest 
periods for the purpose of calculating the 
amount of interest to which item 15(vi) relates) 
26. Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[No/Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made.] 
27. Redenomination: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 4 
apply]

--- Page 105 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 105 - 
55-41010271 
 
28. Whether Condition 8 (a) of the Notes 
applies (in which case Condition 7(b)]of 
the Notes will not apply) or whether 
Condition 8(b) and Condition 7(b) of the 
Notes apply: 
[Condition 8(a) applies and Condition 7(b) does 
not apply/Condition 8(b) and Condition 7(b) 
apply] 
29. Calculation Agent: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
30. Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary]. 
As 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
the EU Benchmark Regulation]/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
EU Benchmark Regulation]/ [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended 
apply, 
such 
that 
[name 
of 
administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, 
and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 106 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 106 - 
55-41010271 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext 
Amsterdam 
/ 
official 
list 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/ 
other 
(specify)/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [•] with effect from [•].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have [not] been / are 
expected to be] rated: 
[S & P: [•]] 
[Moody's: [•]] 
[Fitch: [•]] 
[[Other]: [•]] 
[Not Applicable.] 
[and endorsed by [insert details including full legal 
name of credit rating agency/ies]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA 
and 
registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation").  [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date 
of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] / [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing 
rating] 
has 
been 
certified 
under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation

--- Page 107 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 107 - 
55-41010271 
 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (UK).] 
3. 
[INTERESTS 
OF 
NATURAL 
AND 
LEGAL 
PERSONS 
INVOLVED 
IN 
THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to 
the issue, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the following statement:) 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
4. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND] 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
AMOUNT 
OF 
PROCEEDS 
 
 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[•] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus – if the reasons for the offer are 
different from general corporate purposes 
(including making profit and/or hedging certain 
risks) include those reasons here. In case 
Green Bonds are issued, the category and 
prescribed eligibility criteria of the Eligible 
Vehicles must be specified.)] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on 
the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
[CFI: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]] 
 
[FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]] 
 
Other relevant code: 
[•] 
 
Debt Issuance Programme Number: 
004439

--- Page 108 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 108 - 
55-41010271 
 
 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
[If Euroclear Netherlands is selected, and in 
item 23 Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date is selected, further legal advice is 
required.] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[•] 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. 
Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
 
[No. 
Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. 
Note 
that 
this 
does 
not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [•]; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 109 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 109 - 
55-41010271 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Except as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds from each issue 
of Notes described herein will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes (which 
include making a profit and/or hedging certain risks). If in respect of any particular issue of 
Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms if so required pursuant to applicable law. 
In particular, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will apply an amount 
equivalent to the net proceeds from an offer of Notes in accordance with the Issuer's green 
finance framework as amended from time to time (the "LeasePlan Green Finance 
Framework"). Such Notes may also be referred to as "Green Bonds". If such Green Bonds will 
be issued, the applicable Final Terms will specify the category and prescribed eligibility criteria 
of Eligible Vehicles (as defined below) that will be used for the proceeds of the Green Bonds. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the LeasePlan Green Finance 
Framework provides that the Issuer intends to use an amount equivalent to the net proceeds 
from the issuance of Green Bonds, to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, electric 
vehicles that contribute to the development of clean transportation and the transition to a low 
carbon future and that meet the criteria of "Green" under the Climate Bonds Standard and 
Certification (traffic light) scheme (the "Eligible Vehicles"). Eligible Vehicles aim to contribute to 
one or more of the following environmental objectives: 
1. 
low-emission mobility; 
2. 
reduce environmental impact; and 
3. 
societal wellbeing; 
The applicable Final Terms will specify for which Eligible Vehicles the proceeds of the Green 
Bonds will be used. 
Process for project evaluation and selection 
The Issuer's 'LeasePlan Corporate Social Responsibility Committee' ("CSR Committee") will be 
responsible for monitoring to ensure that allocations are made solely for the purposes of 
acquiring Eligible Vehicles. The mandate of the CSR Committee is to oversee Corporate Social 
Responsibility ("CSR") implementation and to provide strategic guidance. Vehicles which do not 
meet the definition of Eligible Vehicles will automatically be excluded from the portfolio of assets 
available to allocate against the net proceeds. 
Management of proceeds 
The net proceeds of a Green Bond will be managed on a portfolio basis at the level of 
LeasePlan Treasury, the centralised funding centre of the Issuer. The purchase of Eligible 
Vehicles by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries will be recorded and tracked centrally via 
internal reporting systems, in line with the Issuer's periodic (monthly) reporting requirements. 
Oversight of the management of proceeds will be provided by the CSR Committee. 
Reporting 
In accordance with the Green Bond Principles, the Issuer intends to provide an annual update 
throughout the life of the Green Bonds. It is expected that information on the allocation of 
proceeds and impact reporting will be made available in such annual update. These annual 
updates 
are 
intended 
to 
become 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/investors/results-reports-and-funding-documents#green-
bond). 
External review 
A second party opinion on the LeasePlan Green Finance Framework (a "Second Party 
Opinion") has been provided by Sustainalytics and is available on the following website: 
https://www.sustainalytics.com/sustainable-finance/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/LeasePlan-
Green-Finance-Framework-Second-Party-Opinion.pdf.

--- Page 110 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 110 - 
55-41010271 
 
An external reviewer is expected to perform a compliance review on an annual basis to ensure 
the net proceeds of the Green Bonds are being used as outlined in the LeasePlan Green 
Finance Framework.

--- Page 111 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 111 - 
55-41010271 
 
DESCRIPTION OF LEASEPLAN CORPORATION N.V. ("LPCORP") 
INTRODUCTION 
LPCorp was incorporated by notarial deed of 27 February 1963 as a public limited liability 
company (naamloze vennootschap) under the laws of The Netherlands, for an indefinite period. 
LPCorp is registered with the Trade Register of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under 
number 39037076. LPCorp has its statutory seat in Amsterdam, The Netherlands and its 
registered office at Gustav Mahlerlaan 360, 1082 ME Amsterdam, The Netherlands. The 
general telephone number of LPCorp is: +31 20 709 3000. 
LPCorp is a bank and is authorised by the ECB to pursue the business of a bank in The 
Netherlands in accordance with Article 2:11 of the FMSA. LPCorp (in)directly holds shares in 
the respective legal entities that have been established in the various countries where 
LeasePlan is active. LPCorp is actively managing this international network of operating entities. 
In the areas of (among other things) procurement, IT development, marketing & product 
development, human resources, operations, car remarketing and risk management an 
internationally harmonised and coordinated strategy is pursued. As LPCorp is operating in many 
countries, its contractual obligations are subject to the laws of differing jurisdictions. Throughout 
this section LeasePlan is used as reference to the group of companies which is headed by 
LPCorp as common shareholder, and which has common business characteristics. 
On 21 March 2016, the Issuer announced the completion of the acquisition of all of its shares by 
LP Group B.V. as acquiror from Global Mobility Holding B.V. as a seller. Following the 
acquisition, TDR Capital (United Kingdom), sovereign wealth funds ADIA (United Arab 
Emirates) and GIC (Singapore), pension funds PGGM (The Netherlands) and ATP (Denmark) 
and Broad Street Investments indirectly own 100 per cent. of the Issuer's issued and 
outstanding share capital. The total value of the transaction amounted to approximately € 3.7 
billion. The acquisition was financed with an equity investment of approximately half of the total 
purchase price, a mandatory convertible note of €480 million (which convertible note was 
refinanced in March 2019 with subordinated hybrid notes) and an offer of notes comprising of 
euro-denominated senior secured notes due 2021 and U.S. dollar-denominated senior secured 
notes due 2021 in total amounting to approximately € 1.6 billion. In April 2019 Lincoln Financing 
S.à r.l., a sister company of the Issuer, issued €1,350 million senior secured notes due 2024, 
comprising €750 million 3.625 per cent. senior secured fixed rate notes due 2024 and €600 
million senior secured floating rate notes due 2024. In January 2020 another €500 million of 
additional senior secured fixed rate notes due 2024 were issued under the same indenture. An 
amount of €400 million (of the €500 million) has been used for the repurchase of the 
subordinated hybrid notes (as referred to above). None of the debt raised to finance the 
acquisition has been borrowed by the Issuer and the Issuer is not responsible for the repayment 
of such debt. LP Group B.V. plans to maintain the Issuer's diversified funding strategy going 
forward, supported by its investment grade rating. The Supervisory Board consists of seven 
members, five of which are independent. Two members of the Supervisory Board, Mr E.J.B. 
Vink and Mr M. Dale, are associated with the consortium of shareholders as they have been 
appointed as Supervisory Board members while continuing to hold positions within PGGM and 
investment funds managed by TDR Capital, respectively, which are beneficial (indirect) 
shareholders of the Issuer. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer's group employed 8,194 total average FTE's and its 
serviced fleet comprised 1.852 million vehicles of various brands worldwide. As at 31 December 
2020, the total carrying value of leases and lease receivables was €21.4 billion2. 
PROFILE 
LeasePlan is a global fleet management and driver mobility provider. LeasePlan operates in 
around 30 countries across Europe, North and South America and the Asia-Pacific region and 
holds a leading market position based on total fleet size in the majority of LeasePlan's markets3. 
 
2  
Includes amounts receivable under finance lease contracts including impairment  of €2.558 
billion and carrying amount of property and equipment under operating lease and rental fleet 
€18.886 billion. 
3 
Sources: LeasePlan country data and analysis; data from local leasing and/or rental 
associations and external research agencies.

--- Page 112 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 112 - 
55-41010271 
 
LeasePlan offers a comprehensive portfolio of fleet management solutions covering vehicle 
acquisition, leasing, insurance, full-service fleet management, strategic fleet selection and 
management advice, fleet funding, ancillary fleet and driver services and car remarketing. It 
capitalises on its status as a bank by centrally supporting the group's financing activities. Euro 
Insurances, LeasePlan's own insurance subsidiary, supports the insurance solutions offered by 
the group companies as part of their integrated service offer. The group companies rank among 
the major players4 in their respective local markets, and many are market leader in terms of fleet 
size5. 
The Group operates two businesses. The first, the Car-as-a-Service (CaaS) business 
purchases, funds and manages new vehicles for its customers, providing a complete end-to-end 
service for typical contract duration of three to four years. The second business, CarNext.com, 
is a pan-European digital marketplace for high quality used cars and is supplied with vehicles 
from the Group's own fleet as well as third-party suppliers. 
LeasePlan launched LeasePlan Bank in 2010, an online savings bank in The Netherlands and 
as at September 2015, Germany aimed at retail clients. LeasePlan Bank attracted deposits of 
around EUR 9.11 billion by the end of 2020 and around 202,000 retail accounts. 
LeasePlan is one of the few organisations with the broad geographical presence necessary to 
offer a global service in vehicle leasing and fleet and vehicle management to large multinational 
companies. 
LPCorp's long term credit ratings are: 'BBB-' (stable outlook) from S&P, 'Baa1' (stable outlook) 
from Moody's and 'BBB+' (negative outlook) from Fitch.  
SHAREHOLDERS 
LP Group B.V. is the sole shareholder of LeasePlan Corporation N.V. LP Group B.V. is 
indirectly held by, among others, TDR Capital, sovereign wealth funds: ADIA and GIC and 
pension funds: PGGM and ATP. Under Dutch law, none of the shareholders of LP Group B.V. 
alone has a(n indirect) controlling interest in LeasePlan Corporation N.V. 
CREDIT INSTITUTION AND RISK WEIGHTING 
LPCorp is a licensed bank (under Article 2:11 of the FMSA) in The Netherlands. This license 
was granted by the DNB in September 1993. As from the first of January 2021, the Issuer is 
supervised by the ECB. 
As from 1 January 2014, LPCorp is subject to prudential requirements as defined in the CRR, 
CRD IV and in related European and Dutch legislation.  
The TREA increased from €18.4 billion as per 31 December 2019 to €19.7 billion at the end of 
2020 under the advanced and standardised approaches that LPCorp uses for its Pillar 1 capital 
requirements calculations. The TREA is mainly increased due to a change in approach for 
operational risk (as per 1 January 2020 the TREA for operational risk is calculated under the 
standardized approach, where until 31 December 2019 the advanced measurement approach 
was applied). 
The total capital ratio decreased from 20.4 per cent. as per 31 December 2019 to 19.2 per cent. 
as per 31 December 2020 which is mainly due to the growth of TREA as explained in the 
previous paragraph, which was partly off-set by the increase in CET1 capital stemming from 
profit retention for the nine month period ending 30 September 2020. 
Also, LeasePlan follows the ECB recommendation to exercise prudence and will continue to 
refrain from any dividend distribution until 30 September 2021. Therefore LeasePlan proposed 
to the general meeting to add the net results for the nine month period ending 30 September  to 
the general reserves and to postpone any decision on the allocation of the Q4 2020 results. The 
net result for the 3 month period 1 October ending 31 December 2020 are not included in the 
 
4 
Sources: LeasePlan country data and analysis; data from local leasing and/or rental 
associations and external research agencies. 
5 
Sources: LeasePlan country data and analysis; data from local leasing and/or rental 
associations and external research agencies.

--- Page 113 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 113 - 
55-41010271 
 
common equity tier 1 (“CET1”) capital, but will remain available for LeasePlan for either (i) future 
dividends once the ECB recommendation has been revised or repealed, or (ii) inclusion in 
retained earnings. 
The CET1 ratio decreased from 17.7 per cent. as per 31 December 2019 to 16.7 per cent. as 
per 31 December 2020. The available capital remains in excess of both the internal targets and 
minimum requirements as defined by the DNB / ECB. The capital ratios are calculated at the 
regulatory sub-consolidated level (LeasePlan Corporation N.V. consolidated).  
Following the 2020 SREP by the DNB, the Issuer's minimum capital requirements as of 1 
January 2021 were set at 6.7 per cent. for the CET1 ratio (excluding any shortfalls in the AT1 
and Tier 2 buckets under Pillar 1 and Pillar 2) and 11.9 per cent. for the total SREP capital 
requirement ratio. These requirements include the Issuer's Pillar 2 requirements (which are 
binding and breach of which can have direct legal consequences for banks) ("P2R") which is set 
at 3.9%. P2R may comprise of 75% Tier 1 capital instruments (56.25% CET1 capital and 
18.75% Additional Tier 1 capital) and 25% Tier 2 capital. These capital requirements take into 
account the effects stemming from the implementation of the new Definition of Default as per 1 
January 2021. As a consequence of this implementation of the new Definition of Default, the 
TREA could increase during the course of 2021 with an amount up to EUR 2.7 billion (based on 
current estimations). This increase in TREA has been included in the calculation underlying the 
SREP minimum capital requirements for 2021. The CET1 and total SREP capital requirements 
excludes the combined buffer requirement (i.e. capital conservation buffer of 2.5% and counter 
cyclical buffer of 0.05% as at 31 December 2020). These minimum capital requirements apply 
to both the regulatory sub-consolidated (LeasePlan Corporation N.V. consolidated) and 
consolidated level (LP Group B.V. consolidated). 
MANAGING BOARD 
The Managing Board of LPCorp currently consists of the following members: 
Name 
Born 
Title 
Member of Managing 
Board since 
Tex Gunning 
1950 
Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer 
2016 
Jochen Sutor 
1973 
Chief Risk Officer 
2019 
Toine van Doremalen 
1973 
Chief Financial Officer 
2021 
 
Outside their function in LPCorp, the Managing Board members' principal activities consist of 
holding several executive and non-executive board memberships. 
The Issuer is aware of the fact that each Managing Board member indirectly holds shares 
through Stichting Administratiekantoor Gewone Aandelen Lincoln Participation Manco, which is 
a beneficial (indirect) shareholder of the Issuer. As a consequence, there is a potential conflict 
of interest as the Managing Board members have an interest in the Issuer through the Stichting 
Administratiekantoor Gewone Aandelen Lincoln Participation Manco. Other than these 
circumstances, there are no other potential conflicts of interest between any duties to be 
performed in favour of the Issuer and the private interests and/or other duties of the Managing 
Board members of LPCorp. The Managing Board members avoid any form of conflicting interest 
in the performance of their duties. The Issuer's Articles of Association provide that where a 
Managing Board member has a direct or indirect personal conflict of interests with LPCorp or 
the enterprise connected with it, he/she shall not participate in deliberations and the decision 
making process with respect to such matter. If as a result thereof the Managing Board is 
incapable of adopting a resolution the decision shall be referred to and adopted by the 
Supervisory Board. Further rules with respect to conflicts of interests have been adopted 
separately in the Managing Board regulations. 
Pursuant to the Dutch Corporate Governance Decree of 20 March 2009 implementing further 
accounting standards for annual reports ("Besluit Corporate Governance") and based on the 
listing of LPCorp debt securities issued on regulated markets in the EU, LPCorp is subject to the 
lighter regime under the Corporate Governance Decree, pursuant to which the Corporate 
Governance Statement in the annual report (directly or incorporated by reference) must contain

--- Page 114 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 114 - 
55-41010271 
 
information on the main features of LPCorp's internal control and risk management system in 
relation to the financial reporting process of LPCorp and its group companies. In addition 
thereto, the Corporate Governance Statement also requires information be contained about 
LPCorp's diversity policy with respect to the composition of its Managing Board and its 
Supervisory Board. LPCorp is obliged to specify the objectives of the policy, how the policy has 
been carried out and the results thereof in the last financial year. In the event LPCorp has not 
implemented a diversity policy, it has to disclose the reasons why not in the statement. The 
Corporate Governance Report in the 2020 annual report contains information on the main 
features of the internal control and risk management system in relation to the financial reporting 
process of the company and their group companies and information on its diversity policy with 
respect to the composition of its Managing Board and its Supervisory Board. 
SUPERVISORY BOARD 
M. Dale 
Founder of TDR Capital. 
A. van Hövell-Patrizi 
CRO and member of the management board of Aegon N.V. 
S. van Schilfgaarde 
CEO and member of the management board of Royal FloraHolland. 
H. von Stiegel 
Executive Chairperson of Ariya Capital Group Ltd., Chairperson of Women Corporate Directors 
Kenya, member of the board of the London Metal Exchange and Britam Asset Managers (K) 
Limited. 
J.B.M. Streppel, Chairman 
Member of the board of the Amsterdam Center for Corporate Finance, member of the board of 
the Gieskes-Strijbis foundation, chairman of Stichting Continuïteit Signify and a member of the 
advisory board of Van Lanschot Kempen N.V. and member of the Board of the Stichting 
Preferente Aandelen ASML. 
E.J.B. Vink 
Head of Private Equity at PGGM. 
P. Scholten 
CEO of Buckaroo B.V. 
Mr E.J.B. Vink and Mr M. Dale have been appointed as Supervisory Board members while 
continuing to hold positions within PGGM and investment funds managed by TDR Capital, 
respectively, which are beneficial (indirect) shareholders of the Issuer. In addition, Mr M. Dale, 
or entities in which he has a beneficial interest, are investors in investments funds managed by 
TDR Capital and hold certain profit entitlements in respects of such investment funds. Other 
than these circumstances, the Supervisory Board members avoid any form of conflicting interest 
in the performance of their duties. The Issuer's Articles of Association provide that where a 
Supervisory Board member has a direct or indirect personal conflict of interests with the Issuer 
or the enterprise connected with it, he/she will not participate in the deliberations and the 
decision-making process with respect to such matter. The other Supervisory Board members 
will deliberate and take the decision. If the Supervisory Board is incapable of adopting a 
resolution the decision shall be referred to and adopted by the Issuer's general meeting, except 
however that if the quorum referred to under Article 20 paragraph 2 (ii) of the Articles of 
Association of the Issuer cannot be reached, all Supervisory Board members may resolve by 
unanimous vote that the Supervisory Board comprising of only the members who are not 
conflicted shall remain capable of adopting the resolution by absolute majority without a quorum 
being required. Further rules with respect to conflict of interests have been adopted separately 
in the Supervisory Board Regulations. 
The chosen address of the members of the Supervisory Board and the Managing Board is the 
registered office of LPCorp.

--- Page 115 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 115 - 
55-41010271 
 
CAPITALISATION 
The following table sets out the capitalisation of LPCorp at the dates specified below (before 
profit appropriation).  
 
31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
millions of euros 
 
 
 
Capital and reserves* 
3,427.6 
3,159.7 
Net result 
252.8 
403.0 
Equity of owners of the parent 
3,680.3 
3,562.7 
AT1 capital securities 
 
*Capital and reserves is the Equity of owners of the parent, excluding the Net result. 
497.9 
497.9 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Any material press release, or any summary thereof, issued by LPCorp can be obtained at the 
registered office of LPCorp at Gustav Mahlerlaan 360, 1082 ME Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
and from the website of LPCorp at http://www.leaseplan.com. Information on the above 
mentioned website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the AFM and may not be relied upon in connection with any decision to invest in 
the Notes. 
Set forth below are the principal recent developments in the business of LPCorp since 28 March 
2020: 
• 
CarNext.com: Going forward, we intend to set up CarNext.com as a separate business 
unit structure within the Group. In addition, we continue to review various strategic 
alternatives for CarNext.com, including a potential full or partial separation of 
CarNext.com from the Group whereby LeasePlan would continue to sell its used cars 
through the CarNext.com B2B and B2C platforms. 
• 
Regulatory Capital: LeasePlan is continuously monitoring and reviewing its regulatory 
capital position under the applicable regulatory framework in light of its strategic 
objectives. Options LeasePlan is actively evaluating include the issuance of hybrid 
capital (for example additional tier 1 and/or tier 2 instruments) by LeasePlan Corporation 
N.V. 
• 
ECB Supervision of the Issuer: In 2020, LeasePlan fell under the supervision of the 
DNB. As the balance sheet total of €30 billion on the regulatory consolidated level was 
surpassed, LeasePlan was qualified as a significant institution following the relevant 
European banking regulations and supervision was transferred from the DNB to the 
ECB on 1 January 2021. 
• 
Impact of the coronavirus (or Covid-19): LeasePlan is monitoring the ongoing 
outbreak of the coronavirus (or Covid-19) and has worked to minimise the impact of 
national lockdowns on its business, customers and employees. In April and May 2020, 
the disruption to the original equipment manufacturer (OEM) supply chain led to a 
postponement in new vehicle procurement, slowing down our serviced fleet growth and 
reducing rebates & bonuses on new vehicle purchases. Similarly, the used-car markets 
were effectively shut during this period, leading to reduced levels of demand and 
dislocations to used-car prices. From June 2020, we saw a recovery in new vehicle 
deliveries as dealers and factories opened-up. The used-car market recovered faster 
than expected to pre Covid-19 levels as B2B and B2C business activities resumed. The 
recovery continued into Q4 2020, despite a second wave of national lock-downs, with a 
rebound in order activations and a service fleet growth. Despite temporary closures to 
CarNext.com stores, used-car prices remained stable. Since the beginning of the 
pandemic LeasePlan received customer requests for payment relief measures which 
were assessed and granted on a case-by-case basis. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, most customers are on track with their adjusted payment schedule with only 
6% considered in default by the end of Q4 2020. Full year 2020 impairments totalled 
EUR 76 million (FY2019: EUR 31 million) resulting in a net addition to the provision of 
36 bps (FY2019: 14bps). In relation to defaulted customers, LeasePlan also booked a 
EUR 25 million impairment in underlying adjustments for potential book value losses on 
cars from defaulted customers. Following the outbreak of the coronavirus, the ECB

--- Page 116 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 116 - 
55-41010271 
 
recommended banks to consider not distributing any dividends or to exercise extreme 
prudence when deciding on or paying out dividends until at least September 2021, 
which recommendation is supported by DNB. LeasePlan will follow the ECB’s 
recommendation to exercise prudence and will continue to refrain from making any 
dividend distribution until 30 September 2021. 
• 
Enhancement of internal control framework: In 2020, DNB performed an onsite 
assessment of the maturity level of LeasePlan's internal governance and risk 
management organisation. Focus has been amongst others on the design and 
effectiveness of the risk management framework and on the internal governance of the 
risk control function. The assessment emphasized the need to further enhance the 
internal control framework and renewal of underlying systems to support the control 
framework to match LeasePlan's size and complexity. The implementation of the 
enhancements will start in 2021. 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF LEASEPLAN CORPORATION N.V. 
The consolidated financial statements of LPCorp for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 
2020 have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the EU and with Dutch law.

--- Page 117 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 117 - 
55-41010271 
 
TAXATION 
I 
TAXATION IN THE NETHERLANDS 
The following summary of certain Dutch taxation matters is based on the laws and practice in 
force as of the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the 
interpretation and application thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The 
following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of a Note, Coupon 
or Talon and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. For the purpose of this summary the 
term "Note" includes any Coupon or Talon. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below it is assumed that 
a holder of a Note, being an individual or a non-resident entity, neither has nor will have a 
substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or – in the case of such holder being an entity – a 
deemed substantial interest, in the Issuer and that no connected person (verbonden persoon) to 
the holder has nor will have a substantial interest in the Issuer. 
Generally speaking, an individual has a substantial interest in a company if (a) such individual, 
either alone or together with his partner, directly or indirectly has, or is deemed to have or (b) 
certain relatives of such individual or his partner directly or indirectly have or are deemed to 
have (i) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares 
representing 5 per cent. or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of such 
company or the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares of such company, or (ii) 
the ownership of, or certain rights over, profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate 
to 5 per cent. or more of either the annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of such company. 
Generally, an individual has a deemed substantial interest in a company if (i) such individual or 
such individual's predecessor has disposed of or is deemed to have disposed of all or part of a 
substantial interest or (ii) such individual has transferred an enterprise in exchange for shares in 
such company, in each case, on a non-recognition basis. 
Generally speaking, a non-resident entity has a substantial interest in a company if such entity 
directly or indirectly has (i) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights 
over, shares representing 5 per cent. or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital 
of such company or the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares of such company, 
or (ii) the ownership of, or certain rights over, profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that 
relate to 5 per cent. or more of either the annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of such 
company. Generally, an entity has a deemed substantial interest in a company if such entity has 
disposed of or is deemed to have disposed of all or part of a substantial interest on a non-
recognition basis. 
For the purpose of this summary, the term "entity" means a corporation as well as any other 
person that is taxable as a corporation for Dutch corporate tax purposes. 
Where this summary refers to "The Netherlands" or "Dutch", it refers only to the European part 
of the Kingdom of The Netherlands. 
Where this summary refers to a holder of a Note, an individual holding a Note or an entity 
holding a Note, such reference is restricted to an individual or entity holding legal title to as well 
as an economic interest in such Note or otherwise being regarded as owning a Note for Dutch 
tax purposes. It is noted that for purposes of Dutch income, corporate, gift and inheritance tax, 
assets legally owned by a third party such as a trustee, foundation or similar entity, may be 
treated as assets owned by the (deemed) settler, grantor or similar originator or the 
beneficiaries in proportion to their interest in such arrangement. 
Investors should consult their professional advisers on the tax consequences of their 
acquiring, holding and disposing of a Note, Coupon or Talon. 
1. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest by the Issuer under the Notes can be made without 
withholding or deduction of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed 
by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, provided 
that the Notes have a maturity that does not exceed 50 years and save that Dutch withholding

--- Page 118 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 118 - 
55-41010271 
 
tax may apply on certain (deemed) payments of interest made to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity 
to the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is 
listed in the yearly updated Dutch Regulation on low taxing states and non-cooperative 
jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet coöperatieve 
rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in 
such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for 
the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation for another person, or (iv) is a 
not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such 
jurisdiction treats another (lower tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (a hybrid mismatch), 
or (v) is not treated as resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), all within the meaning of the 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
2. 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
Residents 
Resident entities 
An entity holding a Note which is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch 
corporate tax purposes and which is not tax exempt, will generally be subject to Dutch corporate 
tax in respect of income or a capital gain derived from a Note at the prevailing statutory rates 
(up to 25 per cent. in 2021). 
Resident individuals 
An individual holding a Note who is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch 
income tax purposes will be subject to Dutch income tax in respect of income or a capital gain 
derived from a Note at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 49.50 per cent. in 2021) if: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise from which the holder derives 
profits (other than as a shareholder); or 
(ii) 
the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous activities (belastbaar 
resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) as defined in the Income Tax Act (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, activities that exceed normal, 
active asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (i) nor (ii) applies, such individual will generally be subject to Dutch income 
tax on the basis of a deemed return, regardless of any actual income or capital gain derived 
from a Note. For 2021, the deemed return ranges from 1.90 per cent. to 5.69 per cent. of the 
value of the individual's net assets as at the beginning of the relevant fiscal year (including the 
Note). The applicable percentages will be updated annually on the basis of historic market 
yields. Subject to application of certain allowances, the deemed return will be taxed at the 
prevailing statutory rate (31 per cent. in 2021). 
Non-residents 
A holder of a Note which is not and is not deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch 
tax purposes will not be subject to Dutch taxation on income or a capital gain derived from a 
Note unless: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is either 
effectively managed in The Netherlands or carried on through a permanent 
establishment 
(vaste 
inrichting) 
or 
a 
permanent 
representative 
(vaste 
vertegenwoordiger) taxable in The Netherlands and the holder derives profits from such 
enterprise (other than by way of the holding of securities); or 
(ii) 
the holder is an individual and the income or capital gain qualifies as income from 
miscellaneous activities (belastbaar resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in The 
Netherlands as defined in the Income Tax Act (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, 
without limitation, activities that exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, 
actief vermogensbeheer).

--- Page 119 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 119 - 
55-41010271 
 
3. 
Gift or Inheritance Taxes 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of a Note by way 
of gift by, or on the death of, a holder of a Note, unless: 
(i) 
the holder of a Note is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the purpose of 
the relevant provisions; or 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person 
who, at the time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands 
for the purpose of the relevant provisions. 
4. 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Dutch value added tax payable by a holder of a Note in respect of payments in 
consideration for the issue or acquisition of a Note, payments of principal or interest under a 
Note or payments in consideration for a disposal of a Note. 
5. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
There is no Dutch registration tax, stamp duty, or any other similar tax or duty payable in The 
Netherlands by a holder of a Note in respect of or in connection with the execution, delivery 
and/or enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts of The 
Netherlands) of a Note or the performance of the Issuer's obligations under a Note. 
6. 
Residence 
A holder of a Note will not be and will not be deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for 
Dutch tax purposes and, subject to the exceptions set out above, will not otherwise become 
subject to Dutch taxation, by reason only of acquiring, holding or disposing of a Note or the 
execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of a Note. 
II 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following information is a general description of certain Luxembourg tax considerations 
relating to the Notes. It specifically contains information on taxes on the income from the Notes 
withheld at source and provides an indication as to whether the Issuer assumes responsibility 
for the withholding of taxes at the source. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax 
considerations relating to the Notes, whether in Luxembourg or elsewhere. It is included herein 
solely for preliminary information purposes. It is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to 
be, legal or tax advice. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which 
countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of the Notes payments 
of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such 
actions under the tax laws of Luxembourg. This information is based upon the law as in effect 
on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect 
after such date. The information contained within this section is limited to withholding taxation 
issues, and prospective investors should not apply any information set out below to other areas, 
including (but not limited to) the legality of transactions involving the Notes. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies 
for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to 
a withholding tax or a tax of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
A holder of the Notes may not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by 
reason only of the holding of the Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or 
enforcement of the Notes. 
All payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) and principal by the Issuer in the 
context of the holding, disposal, redemption or repurchase of the Notes, which are not profit 
sharing, can be made free and clear of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by Luxembourg or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in accordance with the applicable 
Luxembourg law, subject however to the application as regards Luxembourg resident 
individuals of the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended (the "Law") which 
provides for a 20 per cent. withholding tax on savings income (i.e. with certain exemptions,

--- Page 120 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 120 - 
55-41010271 
 
savings income within the meaning of the Law) paid by a paying agent within the meaning of the 
Law established in Luxembourg to or for the immediate benefit of an individual Luxembourg 
resident for tax purposes who is the beneficial owner of such payment. When the paying agent 
is established in Luxembourg, the responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by 
the Luxembourg paying agent. 
In addition, pursuant to the Law, Luxembourg resident individuals who are the beneficial owners 
of savings income paid or ascribed by paying agents located in a Member State of the 
European Union other than Luxembourg or a Member State of the EEA can opt to self declare 
and pay a 20 per cent. tax on these savings income. In this case, the responsibility for the 
declaration and payment of the tax is assumed by the individual resident beneficial owner of the 
interest or similar income. 
The 20 per cent. withholding tax as described above or the 20 per cent. tax are final when 
Luxembourg resident individuals are acting in the context of the management of their private 
wealth. 
III 
The Proposed financial transactions tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's 
Proposal") for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate and on 16 March 2016 it completed 
the formalities required to leave the enhanced co-operation on FTT. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain 
dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The 
issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain 
dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a financial institution and at least one party is 
established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, 
"established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) 
by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the 
financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member 
States and the scope of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any 
implementation. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT.

--- Page 121 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 121 - 
55-41010271 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 1 April 2021 (such 
agreement, as further amended, restated and/or supplemented, the "Programme Agreement"), 
agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the 
Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above. In the Programme Agreement, the 
Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the 
establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme. The Programme Agreement provides that the obligation of any Dealer to subscribe 
for Notes under any such agreement is subject to certain conditions and that, in certain 
circumstances, a Dealer shall be entitled to be released and discharged from its obligations 
under any such agreement prior to the issue of the relevant Notes. 
If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and a Dealer or 
any affiliate of that Dealer is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be 
deemed to be made by that Dealer or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer (as defined in this 
Base Prospectus) in such jurisdiction. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not 
be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, 
except in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by United States tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has severally represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to severally represent and agree that, except as permitted by 
the Programme Agreement, and as described below, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of 
any Series (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to 
each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or 
other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that neither it, its affiliates (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) nor any person 
acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with 
respect to the Notes and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions 
requirement of Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Notes, any 
offer or sale of Notes of such Tranche within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
In respect of Bearer Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
relevant Dealer represents, undertakes and agrees that: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under United States Treasury Regulation Section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury regulation section including, without 
limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 
2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010) (the "D Rules"), (i) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
restricted period it will not offer or sell, any Bearer Notes to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) it has not 
delivered and it will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive 
Bearer Notes that are sold during the restricted period;

--- Page 122 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 122 - 
55-41010271 
 
(b) 
it has, and throughout the restricted period it will have, in effect procedures reasonably 
designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling 
Bearer Notes are aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted 
period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United 
States person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring Bearer Notes for purposes of resale in 
connection with their original issuance and if it retains Bearer Notes for its own account, 
it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of United States Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any successor U.S. Treasury regulation 
section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring 
Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010); 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Bearer Notes from it for the purpose of 
offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, it repeats and confirms the 
representations and agreements contained in clauses (a), (b) and (c) on such affiliate's 
behalf or agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer, the 
representations, undertakings and agreements contained in clauses (a), (b) and (c); and 
(e) 
each Dealer agrees that it will obtain from any distributor (within the meaning of United 
States Treasury Regulation Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4)(ii)) (or any successor U.S. 
Treasury regulation section including, without limitation, regulations issued in 
accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in 
connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) that 
purchases any Bearer Notes from it pursuant to a written contract with such Dealer, for 
the benefit of the Issuer and each other Dealer, the representations contained in, and 
such distributor's agreement to comply with, the provisions of clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) 
and (e) as if such distributor were a Dealer hereunder. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
In respect of Bearer Notes where TEFRA C is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
relevant Dealer represents, undertakes and agrees that: 
(a) 
it understands that under United States Treasury Regulation Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(or any successor U.S. Treasury regulation section including, without limitation, 
regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or 
otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 
2010) (the "C Rules"), Bearer Notes must be issued and delivered outside the United 
States and its possessions in connection with their original issuance; 
(b) 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, 
any Bearer Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with the 
original issuance of the Bearer Notes; and 
(c) 
in connection with the original issuance of the Bearer Notes it has not communicated, 
and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if such 
prospective purchaser or such Dealer is within the United States or its possessions and 
will not otherwise involve the United States office of such Dealer in the offer and sale of 
the Bearer Notes. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and regulations 
thereunder, including the C Rules. 
Each relevant Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to agree that it will offer, sell and deliver Notes only in compliance with any 
applicable additional selling restrictions.

--- Page 123 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 123 - 
55-41010271 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision, the 
expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the "IDD"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its 
business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to 
persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") by the 
Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will 
only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage 
in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in 
connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) 
of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 124 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 124 - 
55-41010271 
 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of 
the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or 
otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed that has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will 
not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.  As used in this 
paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation 
or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
The Netherlands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) 
in definitive form may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into 
The Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or a member of Euronext 
Amsterdam N.V. in full compliance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake 
Spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended). No such mediation is required in respect of (a) 
the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals not 
acting in the conduct of a business or profession, or (b) the transfer and acceptance of Zero 
Coupon Notes within, from or into The Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in definitive 
form or as rights representing an interest in the Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any 
particular Series or Tranche are issued outside The Netherlands and are not distributed into 
The Netherlands in the course of their initial distribution or immediately thereafter. In the event 
that the Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in relation to the 
issue and transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon Notes have to be complied with and, in 
addition thereto, if such Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form do not qualify as commercial 
paper traded between professional borrowers and lenders within the meaning of the agreement 
of 2 February 1987, attached to the Royal Decree of 11 March 1987, (Staatscourant 129) (as 
amended), each transfer and acceptance should be recorded in a transaction Note, including 
the name and address of each party to the transaction, the nature of the transaction and the 
details and serial numbers of such Notes. For the purposes of this paragraph "Zero Coupon 
Notes" means Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a fixed sum against 
the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no interest 
is due whatsoever. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that, save as set out below, it has not 
offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes in the Republic of Italy in a solicitation to the 
public and that sales of the Notes in the Republic of Italy shall be effected in accordance with all 
Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver 
any Notes or distribute copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the 
Notes in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to "qualified investors" (investitori qualificati), as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of 14 June 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation", as amended); or 
(ii) 
to the extent that it may offer, sell or deliver Notes or distribute copies of any prospectus 
relating to such Notes in an offer to the public in the period commencing on the date of 
publication of such prospectus, provided that such prospectus has been approved in 
another Relevant Member State and notified to CONSOB, all in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
(the "Decree No. 58") and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as

--- Page 125 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 125 - 
55-41010271 
 
amended ("Regulation No. 11971"), and ending on the date which is 12 months after 
the date of approval of such prospectus; or 
(iii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant 
to the Prospectus Regulation, Decree No. 58 or Regulation No. 11971. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or 
any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993 as amended (the "Banking Act"), Decree No. 58, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended and any other applicable laws 
and regulations; and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, 
pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may 
request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (as amended on 
10 August 2016) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in the Republic of Italy 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Notes in the Republic of 
Italy, the Prospectus Regulation and Decree No. 58 may require compliance with the law 
relating to public offers of securities. Furthermore, Article 100-bis of Decree No. 58 provides that 
where the Notes are placed solely with "qualified investors" and are then systematically resold 
on the secondary market at any time in the 12 months following such placing, purchasers of 
Notes who are acting outside of the course of their business or profession may in certain 
circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase void and, in addition, to claim damages 
from any authorized person at whose premises the Notes were purchased, unless an exemption 
provided for under the Prospectus Regulation or Decree No. 58 applies. 
 
Luxembourg 
The Notes may not be offered or sold to the public within the territory of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg ("Luxembourg") unless 
(i) 
a prospectus has been duly approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the "CSSF") pursuant to part II of the Luxembourg law dated 16 July 2019 on 
prospectuses for securities, which applies Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation") (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"), if Luxembourg is the home 
Member State as defined under the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(ii) 
if Luxembourg is not the home Member State as defined under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the CSSF and the European Securities and Markets Authority have been 
provided by the competent authority in the home Member State with a certificate of 
approval attesting that a prospectus in relation to the Notes has been duly approved in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and with a copy of that prospectus; or 
(iii) 
the offer of Notes benefits from an exemption from, or constitutes a transaction not 
subject to, the requirement to publish a prospectus or similar document under the 
Luxembourg Prospectus Law. 
Republic of France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold and will only 
offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) 
as defined in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier and it has only 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in 
France to such qualified investors this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes.

--- Page 126 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 126 - 
55-41010271 
 
Singapore 
Each of the Dealers has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered 
as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or 
caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will 
not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, 
this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person 
in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities 
and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore), as modified or amended from time to time (the 
"SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 
275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 
275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, 
or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant 
person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) 
the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is 
owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited 
investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the 
SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that 
trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired 
the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with 
all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into 
whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and 
the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in 
or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own 
expense. 
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the 
restrictions relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions 
shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of 
applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations 
of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" above.

--- Page 127 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 127 - 
55-41010271 
 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any 
such supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
(only in case of Notes which are not being offered to the public in a Relevant Member State 
(other than pursuant to one or more of the exemptions set out in the Prospectus Regulation) 
and not admitted to trading on a regulated market within the meaning of the Prospectus 
Regulation) in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 128 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 128 - 
55-41010271 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Authorisation 
The continued establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme 
have been duly authorised by a resolution of the Managing Board of LPCorp of 22 February 
2021. All consents, approvals, authorisations or other orders of all regulatory authorities 
required by the Issuer have been given for the issue of Notes and for the Issuer to undertake 
and perform their obligations under the Programme Agreement, the Agency Agreement and the 
Notes. 
2. 
Listing 
Application may be made for the Notes to be issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
trading on Euronext or on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de 
Luxembourg) and any other regulated market within the EEA as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
For listing purposes, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange has allocated the number 004439 to the 
Programme. 
3. 
Documents Available 
For the period of twelve (12) months following the publication of this Base Prospectus, copies of 
the following documents will, when published, be available free of charge (i) during normal office 
hours from the registered offices of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Agent and (ii) 
on the website of the Issuer at https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/investors/results-reports-
and-funding-documents: 
(i) 
the deed of incorporation (akte van oprichting) and articles of association (statuten) of 
the Issuer and the English translation thereof (as the same may be updated from time to 
time); 
(ii) 
the publicly available audited consolidated and unconsolidated annual financial 
statements (including the auditor's reports thereon) for the two most recent financial 
years of LPCorp and the most recently publicly available unaudited interim financial 
statements of LPCorp (in English); 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus and any further prospectus or prospectus supplement 
prepared by the Issuer for the purpose of updating or amending any information 
contained herein or therein; and 
(iv) 
the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes which are admitted to trading on a regulated 
market. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on any website does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM. 
4. 
Clearing and Settlement Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
the Clearnet S.A. Amsterdam Branch Stock Clearing. The appropriate common code and ISIN 
code for each Tranche allocated by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Clearnet S.A. 
Amsterdam Branch Stock Clearing, and any other relevant security code, will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing 
system, the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5. 
Significant or Material Change 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no (i) significant change in the financial 
performance or position of the Issuer, or the Issuer and the group of companies headed by the 
Issuer taken as a whole since 31 December 2020, or (ii) material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer, or the Issuer and the group of companies headed by the Issuer taken 
as a whole since 31 December 2020.

--- Page 129 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 129 - 
55-41010271 
 
6. 
Litigation 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the twelve (12) months preceding the 
date of this Base Prospectus, which may have or have had in the recent past a significant effect 
on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Issuer and the group of companies 
headed by the Issuer taken as a whole. 
7. 
Auditors 
KPMG has audited LPCorp's consolidated and company financial statements in accordance 
with generally accepted auditing standards in The Netherlands for the financial years ended 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and issued unqualified independent auditor's reports 
thereon. 
The KPMG auditor who signed the financial statements on behalf of KPMG is a member of the 
Dutch Professional Organisation of Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van 
Accountants). KPMG's business address is Laan van Langerhuize 1, 1186 DS Amstelveen, The 
Netherlands. 
KPMG is governed by Dutch law in the Netherlands and is subject to inspection by the AFM. 
The AFM has granted KPMG a license to perform financial statement audits of public interest 
entities. 
KPMG has given its consent to the inclusion in the Base Prospectus of the incorporation by 
reference of their independent auditor's reports. 
8. 
Post-Issuance Information 
Other than in relation to Green Bonds, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance 
information in relation to any issues of Notes. For more information in respect of Green Bonds 
issued by the Issuer, please refer to the LeasePlan Green Finance Framework and any Second 
Party 
Opinion 
available 
on 
the 
following 
webpage: 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/investors/debtholder-centre. 
The 
contents 
of 
this 
webpage, any Second Party Opinion and the LeasePlan Green Finance Framework do not form 
part of this Base Prospectus, has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM and are not 
incorporated by reference therein. 
9. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 724500C60L930FVHS484. 
10. 
Tax Consequences 
The tax laws of the investor's Member State and of The Netherlands might have an impact on 
the income received from any Notes. Investors should consult their professional advisers on the 
tax consequences of their acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes. 
11. 
Other 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. has been engaged by the Issuer as Paying Agent for the Notes, upon 
the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the Agency Agreement, for the purpose of 
paying sums due on the Notes and of performing all other obligations and duties imposed on it 
by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Agency Agreement, ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
in its capacity of Paying Agent is acting for the Issuer only and will not regard any other person 
as its client in relation to any of the Notes issued under the Programme. Neither ABN AMRO 
Bank N.V. nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees makes any representation or 
warranty, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, as to the accuracy, completeness or 
fairness of the information or opinions described or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus, in any investor report or for any other statements made or purported to be made 
either by itself or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the offering of the Notes. 
Accordingly, ABN AMRO Bank N.V. disclaims all and any liability, whether arising in tort or 
contract or otherwise, in respect of this Base Prospectus and or any such other statements. 
12. 
Credit Ratings 
In accordance with Fitch's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
https://www.fitchratings.com/site/definitions, a long-term rating of 'BBB' indicates expectations of

--- Page 130 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 130 - 
55-41010271 
 
default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered 
adequate, but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. 
Within rating categories, Fitch may use modifiers. The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended to a 
rating to denote relative status within major rating categories.  
In accordance with S&P's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/-/view/sourceId/504352, a long-
term rating of 'BBB' indicates that an obligor has adequate capacity to meet its financial 
commitments. However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more 
likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments. S&P ratings from 'AA' 
to 'CCC' may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing 
within the rating categories. 
In accordance with Moody's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
on https://www.moodys.com/ratings-process/Ratings- Definitions/002002, a long-term rating of 
'Baa' indicates obligations that are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit 
risk and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. Moody's appends numerical 
modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 
indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category, the modifier 2 
indicates a mid-range ranking and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that 
generic rating category. 
13. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for 
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their 
affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, 
related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging 
strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to 
manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or 
related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the 
Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments. 
14. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, this Base Prospectus is valid for a period of 
twelve months from the date of approval and its validity will expire on 1 April 2022. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 131 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 131 - 
55-41010271 
 
 
 [This rest of this page is intentionally left blank]

--- Page 132 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 132 - 
55-41010271 
 
Registered office of the Issuer 
LeasePlan Corporation N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 360 
1082 ME Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Agent 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
England 
 
Paying agent 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Legal advisers 
To the Issuer in The Netherlands 
Clifford Chance LLP 
IJsbaanpad 2 
1076 CV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To the Dealers in The Netherlands 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Apollolaan 15 
1077 AB Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
 
Auditor 
KPMG Accountants N.V. 
Laan van Langerhuize 1 
1186 DS Amstelveen 
The Netherlands 
Amsterdam listing agent 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Arranger 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 133 ---
263807-1371878423-2-v8.0 
- 133 - 
55-41010271 
 
Dealers 
 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group 
Limited 
28th Floor 
40 Bank Street 
Canary Warf 
London E14 5EJ 
England 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
 France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Société Générale 
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France