--- Page 1 ---
28133786v1 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
LEONARDO – SOCIETÀ PER AZIONI 
(incorporated as a società per azioni under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
EUR 4,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the EUR 4,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in 
this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), Leonardo S.p.A. ("Leonardo" or the "Issuer") may from 
time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below), subject to a minimum denomination of EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any 
one time under the Programme will not exceed EUR 4,000,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any Notes 
denominated in another currency will be translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such 
Notes (as calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under 
"Subscription and Sale")). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding 
at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with 
the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement. The Notes issued by Leonardo will constitute 
"obbligazioni" pursuant to Article 2410 et seq. of the Italian Civil Code, which relate to the issuance of 
"obbligazioni" by joint stock companies (società per azioni) in the Republic of Italy. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the "CSSF"), which is the Luxembourg competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the "Prospectus Regulation"), as a base prospectus issued in compliance with Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of notes ("Notes") 
issued under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base 
Prospectus during the period of twelve months after the date hereof. The CSSF assumes no 
responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg 
Act dated 6 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities and has only approved the Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an 
endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. This Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented from time to time) is valid to 8 June 2023. Applications have been made for such Notes 
to be admitted during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the official list and 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, however Notes may be issued 
pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange but admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation by any other competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system of the European Union as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree, in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations. The regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments. 
The Issuer has been rated "Ba1" with a "stable" outlook from Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's"), 
"BB+" with a "positive" outlook from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("Standard & Poor's") and 
"BBB-" with a "stable" outlook from Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"). Each of Moody's, Fitch and 
Standard & Poor's are established in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 
on credit rating agencies (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") and are included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs. Notes issued under this Programme may be rated or unrated. Where the Notes are to 
be rated, the credit rating will be assigned by Moody's and/or Fitch and/or Standard & Poor's. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to 
Notes already issued or, if any, to the Issuer. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s)

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes 
will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered, inter alia, under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or 
other jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S")) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material 
relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal material 
risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
issued under the Programme and those that are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are discussed under "Risk Factors" 
below. 
 
Arranger 
BofA Securities 
Dealers  
Banca Akros S.p.A. - Gruppo Banco BPM 
Barclays 
BBVA 
BNP PARIBAS  
BofA Securities 
BPER Banca 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB  
Credit Suisse 
Deutsche Bank  
HSBC 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo  
Mediobanca 
MUFG  
NatWest Markets 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking  
SMBC 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment 
Banking  
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit 
 
8 June 2022

--- Page 3 ---
1 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. The 
Issuer declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely 
to affect its import. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as supplemented by a document specific to such 
Tranche called final terms (the "Final Terms") or, to the extent that the information relating to that 
Tranche constitutes a significant new factor in relation to the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus, in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") 
as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below.  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and 
with any other documents incorporated by reference herein (see "Information Incorporated by 
Reference" below) and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes which is the subject 
of Final Terms, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case 
of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this 
Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be 
read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers, named under "Subscription and Sale" below, that this 
Base Prospectus contains all necessary information which is (in the context of the Programme, 
the issue, listing and offering of the Notes) material to an investor for making an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position of the Issuer, 
together with the relevant Final Terms, the rights attaching the Notes and the reasons for the 
issuance and its impact on the Issuer; that such information is true and accurate in all material 
respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions 
expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that 
this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, 
opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale 
of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made 
to verify the foregoing. None of the Dealers has independently verified the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in 
relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer in any marketing material 
prepared in relation to each issue of Notes or such other information as is in the public domain 
and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the 
Dealers accepts any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other 
statement made or purported to be made by a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer 
or the issue, listing and offering of the Notes. Each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any 
liability whether arising in tort or in contract (or otherwise) which it might otherwise have in respect 
of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
None of the Dealers, nor any of their respective affiliates, have authorised the whole or any part 
of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any 
responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other 
than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. Neither the 
delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the issue, listing, offering, sale or delivery 
of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or 
any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) 
of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has

--- Page 4 ---
2 
been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, 
the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes: (a) is intended to provide the basis of 
any credit or other evaluation, (b) constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes or (c) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any other information 
material should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the affairs, condition (financial or otherwise) and of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and the Leonardo Group (as defined below), determined for itself 
the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes 
based upon advice from such financial, legal and tax advisers as he has deemed necessary and 
determined the suitability of an investment in the Notes in light of its own circumstances, as the 
Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. See also "Risk Factors – Risks related 
to the structure of a particular issue of Notes – The Notes may not be a suitable investment for 
all investors". 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of 
the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. In particular, no action has been taken 
by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the other Dealers which would permit a public offering of any 
Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any related material in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except in circumstances that 
will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations, and the Dealers have 
represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the 
Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of 
certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription 
and Sale" below. 
In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and are 
subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any State securities commission in the United States 
or any other U.S. regulatory authority nor have any of the foregoing authorities passed upon or 
endorsed the merits of the offering of the Notes or the accuracy or the adequacy of this Base 
Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. Subject 
to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to 
U.S. persons. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to "Member State" are 
references to a Member State of the EEA, references to "EUR", "€" or "euro" are to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as 
defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of 
the euro, as amended, references to "U.S.$", "U.S. Dollar", "USD" or "$" are to the lawful currency 
of the United States of America, and references to the "Leonardo Group" or the "Group" are to 
Leonardo and its subsidiaries. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical 
terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may 
be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly 
and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures

--- Page 5 ---
3 
which precede them. 
Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary, including without limitation advice from such financial, legal, 
tax and other professional advisers as it deems necessary. 
None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise 
any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of 
the Dealers or the Arranger. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, 
as amended; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended. Consequently 
no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions of the EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the "MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the other Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID II Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 6 ---
4 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing 
for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
the other Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
RATINGS 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above, 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation, or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. UK regulated 
investors are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by 
a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation. See also "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Notes generally - Credit 
ratings assigned (if any) to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes". 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference 
rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the 
benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation. The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any 
change in the registration status of the administrator. See also "Risk Factors – Risks related to 
the structure of a particular issue of Notes – Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may 
be discontinued or reformed in the future ". At the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator 
of EURIBOR is the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"). At the date of this Base

--- Page 7 ---
5 
Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
Benchmark Regulation. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with 
a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, 
but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference contain certain alternative 
performance measures ("APMs") which are different from the IFRS financial indicators obtained 
directly from the audited integrated annual report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 
2020, from the audited integrated annual report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 
2021 and from the interim results of Leonardo at 31 March 2022. 
On 3 December 2015, CONSOB ("Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa") issued 
Communication No. 92543/15, which gives effect to the guidelines issued on 5 October 2015 by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) concerning the presentation of APMs 
disclosed in regulated information and prospectuses published as from 3 July 2016. These 
guidelines, which update the previous CESR ("Committee of European Securities Regulators") 
Recommendation (CESR/05-178b), are aimed at promoting the usefulness and transparency of 
APMs in order to improve their comparability, reliability and comprehensibility. 
For a description of such APMs, see the section headed "Leonardo and the Leonardo Group – 
Overview" below, the sections of the audited integrated annual report of the Issuer for the year 
ended on 31 December 2020 and of the audited integrated annual report of the issuer for the year 
ended 31 December 2021, both entitled ""Non-GAAP" alternative performance indicators", the 
section of the interim results of Leonardo at 31 March 2022 entitled "Annex 2: "Non-GAAP" 
performance indicators" and those described below: 
- 
SDG-aligned investments: this refers to the investments that contribute to the 
achievement of the 17 Sustainable Development Goals adopted by the United Nations. 
This is calculated as the ratio of SDG-aligned investments to total investments. 
Investments include Capitalized R&D, Capital expenditure (Capex), Tooling and Other 
investments in intangibles. The identification of the SDG-aligned investments has been 
carried out by an in-depth analysis of the potential impact associated to the related projects 
using as a reference the document "An Analysis of the Goals and Targets" developed by 
GRI and UN Global Compact. 
- 
ESG-linked funding sources: this refers to sources of financing that are linked to ESG 
parameters. This is calculated as the ratio of ESG-linked funding sources to total 
committed funding sources available to the Group. The total funding sources refers to the 
pro forma for January 2022 bond reimbursement. The amount of the ESG-linked funding 
sources refers to the ESG-linked Revolving Credit Facility and the ESG Term Loan. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

--- Page 8 ---
6 
All statements (other than statements of historical fact) included in this Base Prospectus regarding 
the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and certain of the Group's plans, 
objectives, assumptions, expectations or beliefs with respect to these matters and statements 
regarding other future events or prospects are forward-looking statements. These statements 
include, without limitation, those concerning: the Group's strategy and the Group's ability to 
achieve it; expectations regarding revenues, profitability and growth; plans for the launch of new 
services, businesses and activities; the Group's possible or assumed future results of operations; 
research and development, capital expenditure and investment plans; adequacy of capital; and 
financing plans. The words "aim", "may", "will", "expect", "anticipate", "believe", "future", 
"continue", "help", "estimate", "plan", "intend", "should", "could", "would", "shall" or the negative, 
or other variations thereof, as well as other statements regarding matters that are not historical 
fact, are or may constitute forward-looking statements. In addition, this Base Prospectus includes 
forward-looking statements relating to the Group's potential exposure to various types of market 
risks, such as foreign exchange rate risk, interest rate risks and other risks related to financial 
assets and liabilities. 
These forward-looking statements have been based on the Group's management's current view 
with respect to future events and financial performance. These views reflect current estimates 
and assumptions that the Group's management makes to the best of its knowledge but involve a 
number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those 
predicted in such forward-looking statements and from past results, performance or 
achievements. Although the Group believes that the estimates reflected in the forward-looking 
statements are reasonable, such estimates may prove to be incorrect. By their nature, 
forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend 
on circumstances that will occur in the future. There are a number of factors that could cause 
actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these 
forward-looking statements. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on 
these forward-looking statements, as a prediction of actual results or otherwise. 
The Issuer does not intend to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a 
result of new information, future events or circumstances or otherwise. In addition, all subsequent 
written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Issuer or persons acting on its behalf, 
are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained throughout this 
Base Prospectus including any document incorporated by reference herein. Prospective 
purchasers are urged to review and consider carefully the various disclosures made by the Issuer 
in this Base Prospectus, including any document incorporated by reference herein, which attempt 
to advise interested parties of the factors that affect the Issuer, the Group and their business, 
including, without limitation, the disclosures made under the sections headed "Risk Factors" and 
"Leonardo and the Leonardo Group". 
INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA 
Information regarding markets, market size, market share, market position, growth rates and other 
industry data pertaining to the Group's business contained in this Base Prospectus consists of 
estimates based on data reports compiled by professional organisations and analysts, on data 
from other external sources, and on the Group's knowledge of its sales and markets. In many 
cases, there is no readily available external information (whether from trade associations, 
government bodies or other organisations) to validate market-related analyses and estimates, 
requiring the Group to rely on internally developed estimates. While the Group has compiled, 
extracted and, to the best of its knowledge, correctly reproduced market or other industry data 
from external sources, including third parties or industry or general publications, neither the Group 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have independently verified that data. The 
Issuer confirms that no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. The Group cannot assure investors of the accuracy and completeness 
of, and takes no responsibility for, such data other than the responsibility for the correct and 
accurate reproduction thereof. Similarly, while the Group believes such information to be reliable 
and believes its internal estimates contained in such information to be reasonable, they have not 
been verified by any independent sources and the Group cannot assure investors as to their 
accuracy. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on such information. In addition, 
information regarding the sectors and markets in which the Group operates is normally not

--- Page 9 ---
7 
available for certain periods and, accordingly, such information may not be current as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 10 ---
8 
CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ................................................................................................................ 1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................... 15 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................ 36 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES .............................................................. 39 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................ 40 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................ 43 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................... 74 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ........ 89 
LEONARDO AND THE LEONARDO GROUP ............................................................................ 92 
CONSOLIDATED CAPITALISATION OF LEONARDO ............................................................ 117 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND NON-FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO 
LEONARDO .............................................................................................................................. 118 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................. 122 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ..................................................................................................... 131 
GENERAL INFORMATION ....................................................................................................... 135

--- Page 11 ---
9 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is 
qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus, including documents 
incorporated by reference herein. Words and expressions defined in "Forms of the Notes" or 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below shall have the same meanings in this general 
description of the Programme. 
This Programme is a EUR 4,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme under which 
the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes in accordance with and subject to all applicable 
laws and regulations denominated in any currency, subject as set out herein. The applicable 
terms of any Notes will be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer or Dealers prior 
to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes endorsed 
on or attached to the Notes, as completed by the applicable Final Terms attached to, or 
endorsed on, such Notes, as more fully described under "Forms of the Notes" below. 
Issuer: 
Leonardo – Società per azioni 
(incorporated as a società per azioni under the laws of the 
Republic of Italy, registered with the Camera di Commercio 
Industria Artigianato and Agricoltura of Rome, with 
registration number 00401990585) 
Issuer LEI: 
Arranger: 
529900X4EEX1U9LN3U39 
BofA Securities Europe SA  
Dealers: 
Banca Akros S.p.A. - Gruppo Banco BPM, Banco Bilbao 
Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays 
Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe 
SA, BPER Banca S.p.A., Citigroup Global Markets Limited, 
Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft, 
Crédit 
Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank, Credit Suisse Bank 
(Europe), S.A., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC 
Continental Europe, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., Mediobanca – 
Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., MUFG Securities 
(Europe) N.V., NatWest Markets N.V., SMBC Bank EU AG, 
Société Générale, UBS Europe SE and UniCredit Bank AG 
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the 
Issuer either generally in respect of the Programme or in 
relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent: 
Société Générale Luxembourg.  
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
Listing and Admission to 
trading: 
Each Series of Notes may be admitted during the period of 
twelve months after the date of this Base Prospectus to 
listing on the official list and to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, however Notes 
may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be 
admitted to listing on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange but admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any other competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system of the European Union 
as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree, in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
Specified Denominations: 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which have 
a minimum denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or 
equivalent in another currency) at their issue date. Subject 
thereto, Notes will be issued in such denominations as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to

--- Page 12 ---
10 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in relation to 
any Tranche of Notes. 
Programme Amount: 
Up to EUR 4,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
of 
Notes 
outstanding at any one time, subject to increase in 
accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise 
one or more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The 
Notes of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, 
except that the issue date, the issue price and the amount 
of the first payment of interest may be different in respect of 
different Tranches.  
Final Terms: 
Each Tranche will be the subject of a set of Final Terms 
which, for the purposes of that Tranche only, complete the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and this Base 
Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may only be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of 
Notes will initially be in the form of either a Temporary Global 
Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note which is not 
issued in new global note form (a "Classic Global Note" or 
"CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and each Global Note which is issued in 
new global note form (a "New Global Note" or "NGN"), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the relevant issue date with a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a 
condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a 
Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest 
in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-
bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon 
for further Coupons. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euro, or in any other currency 
or currencies, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements.  
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, general and unconditional 
obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari 
passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all 
other present and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, 
save for such obligations as may be preferred by mandatory 
provisions of applicable law.

--- Page 13 ---
11 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue 
price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, 
par, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The price and 
amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the 
time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity from one year and one day from the date of 
original issue, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
Redemption: 
Without prejudice to the optional redemption provisions and 
the tax redemption referred to below, the Notes will be 
repaid at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the 
option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the 
Noteholders to the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
To the extent specified in the relevant Final Terms, Notes 
may be redeemed before their stated maturity: 
(i) at the option of the Issuer 
a) at any time, either in whole or in part, pursuant to 
Condition 9(c)(i) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer – Issuer 
Call), having given not less than 15 nor more than 
30-days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices); or 
b) at any time, in whole or in part, pursuant to 
Condition 9(c)(ii) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer – Make-
Whole Issuer Call), at an amount equal to the Make-
Whole Amount, having given not less than 25 days 
nor more than 60 days prior notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices); or 
c) in the event that at least 80 per cent. of the initial 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes has been 
purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, in whole, 
pursuant to Condition 9(d) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Clean-Up Call Option), at their principal 
amount together with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption, having 
given not less than 15 nor more than 30-days' notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices); or 
d) at any time during the period starting three months 
prior to (but excluding) the relevant Maturity Date 
pursuant to Condition 9(e) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
from three months prior to the Maturity Date of the 
relevant Notes), all, but not some only, of the 
relevant Notes, at their principal amount together 
with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date 
fixed for redemption, having given not less than 15 
nor more than 30-days' notice to the relevant

--- Page 14 ---
12 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices); 
(ii) at the option of the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 
9(g) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders).  
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early 
redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons as 
described in Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption for tax reasons). 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing. 
Interest (if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate 
or other variable rate and the method of calculating interest 
may vary between the issue date and the maturity date of 
the relevant Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and 
on redemption and will be calculated on such basis as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) or the latest 
version of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) 
(and any successor thereto), as specified in the relevant 
final terms, each as published by ISDA (or any 
successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org), on the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series; or 
b) on the basis of the reference rate set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each 
Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment 
Dates, and will be calculated on such basis as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest, in each case 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of the negative pledge 
provisions as described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of the cross default 
provisions as described in Condition 12 (Events of Default). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear 
of withholding or deduction for taxes of the Republic of Italy,

--- Page 15 ---
13 
unless the withholding or deduction is required by law. In 
that event, the Issuer will (save as provided in Condition 11 
(Taxation)) pay such additional amounts as will result in the 
Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have 
received in respect of such Notes had no such withholding 
or deduction been required. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law. Condition 16 (Meetings of 
Noteholders; Modification and Waiver) and the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement (as defined below) concerning the 
meetings of the holders of Notes and the appointment of the 
relevant Noteholders' Representative in respect of the 
Notes are subject to compliance with Italian law. 
Enforcement of Notes in 
Global Form: 
In the case of Global Notes, individual investors' rights 
against the Issuer will be governed by a Deed of Covenant 
dated 8 June 2022, a copy of which will be available for 
inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
Ratings: 
The rating of any Series of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
A credit rating applied for, if any, in relation to a relevant 
Series of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered (or has applied for 
registration and not been refused) under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009 (the "EU CRA Regulation") or (2) issued by 
a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency which is 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is 
not established in the EEA but which is certified under the 
EU CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA which is certified under 
the EU CRA Regulation. 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the UK which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation. 
ESMA 
is 
obliged 
to 
maintain 
on 
its 
website, 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-

--- Page 16 ---
14 
certified-CRAs, a list of credit rating agencies registered and 
certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
Selling Restrictions:  
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering 
material in the United States of America, the United 
Kingdom, the Republic of Italy, Japan, and the Republic of 
France, see "Subscription and Sale" below. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the ability of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under 
the Programme. In addition, there are certain factors which 
are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme. For a 
discussion of such principal material risks see "Risk 
Factors" below.

--- Page 17 ---
15 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, 
prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the 
Notes, the business of the Issuer and the industries in which it operates together with all other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, including in particular, the risk factors described 
below, and any document incorporated by reference herein. Words and expressions defined in 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the 
same meanings in this section. 
Prospective investors should note that the risks relating to the Issuer, the industries in which it 
operates and the Notes described herein are the risks that the Issuer believes, based on 
information currently available to it, to be the most relevant to an assessment by a prospective 
investor of whether to consider an investment in the Notes. Most of these factors are 
contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view 
on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. However, the inability of the Issuer to pay 
interest, repay principal or pay other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for 
other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information 
currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
The risks that are specific to the Issuer are presented in 6 (six) categories and the risks that are 
specific to the Notes are presented in 3 (three) categories, in each case with the most material 
risk factor presented first in each category and the remaining risk factors presented in an order 
which is not intended to be indicative either of the relative likelihood that each risk will materialise 
or of the magnitude of their potential impact on the business, financial condition and results of 
operations of the Issuer and the Group. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer 
and the industries in which it operates that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that it currently 
deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the 
business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such 
risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their 
investment. Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for 
them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus including any document incorporated by reference herein and reach their own views, 
based upon their own judgement and upon advice from such financial, legal, tax and other 
professional advisers as they deem necessary, prior to making any investment decision. 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUER AND THAT MAY AFFECT THE 
ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME 
• 
RISKS RELATED TO THE CURRENT PANDEMIC 
Effects of COVID-19 pandemic  
The occurrence of a pandemic (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) can undermine personal health 
to such a point as to jeopardise the durability of the health and socio-economic systems of the 
countries involved, with relevant impacts for enterprises. The duration and magnitude of a 
pandemic depends, among other things, on the availability and effectiveness of the vaccines 
against the virus and its variants, as well as on the promptness and effectiveness of measures to 
protect health taken at global level, also in light of any possible mutation of the virus and the 
coverage and termination of the relevant immunisation campaigns. The COVID-19 pandemic has 
caused and is still causing a deterioration in the wider macroeconomic situation and on the Group, 
of which the final impacts are still subject to a certain degree of variability. The effects that the 
health emergency has had on the Group are essentially of three types: (i) an effect on customers 
with particular reference to the civil aviation sector, as a result of a drastic reduction in demand 
for aircraft on the part of the world's leading operators as a result of a reduction in air traffic in the 
civil sector (a reduction in traffic that, particularly for to business travel, could remain standard 
practice in the future due to the increasing use of virtual communication tools as a result of the

--- Page 18 ---
16 
pandemic); (ii) an effect on operations in terms of inability to finalise deliveries, programme 
execution slowdown and lower productivity; and (iii) an effect on activities generated by the 
restrictions imposed by governments on travel and the measures adopted to protect people. The 
effects of the COVID-19 emergency have been taken into consideration in the company forecasts, 
nevertheless they may have an impact on the Group's business activities that is greater than, or 
with a different timing with respect to, the forecasts made.  
A persisting, resurgent - as occurred with the spread of the variants of COVID-19 - or recurrent 
global emergency and/or the severity of the related macroeconomic situation may lead to a 
reduction in the Group's business and operational activity and/or a potential deterioration of its 
economic and financial risk profile due to the variability of several factors. Among such factors 
the main ones refer to the measures issued by domestic, foreign and/or supranational authorities 
to protect personal health, a weaker or longer recovery in demand for commercial fixed-wing and 
rotary-wing aircraft, the market performance, the imbalance between supply and demand for 
certain goods and services, the effects of inflation, a potential reduction of public spending in the 
industrial sectors in which the Leonardo Group operates (as a consequence of, inter alia, the 
need to support health sectors, the financial conditions of citizens and of small-medium sized 
enterprises, and the fight against the pandemic), a postponement in signing new contracts or the 
inability to sign new contracts, an increasingly domestic-centric source strategy entered into by 
some of Leonardo's foreign customers, the shortage of certain professional skills (such as the 
ones supporting product and process innovation) and the unavailability of staff, the need to 
implement specific labour safety requirements, travelling limitations imposed on commercial and 
operational teams, difficulties encountered by both public and private customers and suppliers in 
meeting obligations under existing contracts, the customers' revision of procurement strategies 
(e.g. the shortening of the supply chain), an intermittent or disrupted supply chain, the impairment 
in value of the tangible or intangible assets of the Group which could be recorded as a result of 
weaker conditions, or the instability of the financial markets and the economic recovery trend. The 
impacts deriving from some of the above mentioned main factors (i.e. the imbalance between 
supply and demand for certain goods and services, including the energy commodities, and the 
effects of the inflation) may be exacerbated by the recent Russo-Ukrainian war. 
The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as of other systemic crises, may exacerbate 
other risks described in this section, any of which could have a material adverse impact on the 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
• 
RISKS RELATED TO THE INDUSTRY IN WHICH THE GROUP OPERATES 
The Group is strongly dependent on the level of expenditure of national governments and 
public institutions  
The major customers of the Group are national governments and public institutions. Moreover, 
the Group takes part in numerous national and international programmes funded by the European 
Union, governments, intergovernmental organisations or multinational collaborations. Therefore, 
the core business of the Group is influenced by economic and geopolitical factors at global and 
regional levels, the variation in the expense policies of such national governments and public 
institutions and by the medium/long-term plans of the countries' common defence programmes. 
Geopolitical and economic situations, which are largely characterised by increasing uncertainty, 
represent important challenges for the companies operating on foreign markets, such as 
Leonardo. Although the recent Russo-Ukrainian war could result in an increase in the level of 
public expenditures on defence, the expenditure programmes adopted by governments may be 
subject to delays, ongoing changes, periodical reviews or cancellations, also due to emerging 
needs and/or unpredictable new priorities, with effects on the Group's volumes, results and 
indebtedness. The acquisition of contracts, especially outside Europe, may be affected by local 
preferences for certain products. Moreover, there is no guarantee that the Group will be able to 
replace order cancellations in developed nations with new orders in developing countries that are 
increasing their defence expenditure or in other business segments in which the Group operates. 
All of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial condition 
and results of operations.

--- Page 19 ---
17 
Furthermore, public grants are also a key element in Leonardo's research and development 
funding. Many of the Leonardo Group's operating segments, in fact, require extensive research 
and development expenditure to keep pace with rapid technological and market changes. 
Leonardo's growth depends on penetrating new markets, adapting existing products to new 
requirements and introducing new products successfully into the market. In particular, in Italy, 
grants for research and development (R&D) in the aeronautics and defence and security systems 
sectors, which are regulated by Law 808/1985, represent indispensable funding for research 
activities in such areas. However, strong pressure on public budgets reduced in the past and 
could reduce in the future public grants for research and development (R&D) activities and failure 
to maintain grants at levels that are comparable to those of other European and non-European 
competitors could adversely affect the Group's ability to compete successfully, due to a lower self-
financing capacity under difficult economic conditions; this would increase the risk of inadequate 
time-to-market of products being developed, with a consequent material adverse effect on the 
Group's financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group operates in sectors that are highly exposed to growing levels of competition 
The business segments in which the Leonardo Group operates are characterized by intense 
competition. The competitive dynamics and profitability levels of these markets are affected by 
the balance between production capacity, long term demand and costs of production. A cyclical 
weakness in the industry, a significant decrease in demand also due to customers' diminished 
spending capacity, increases in costs of production or the addition of new more efficient capacity 
by established players or new entrants could lead to over-capacity and enable those players to 
put in place more aggressive pricing policies, resulting in a reduction in the Leonardo Group's 
orders. Furthermore, all market participants may take advantage of lower cost structures, 
economies of scale and other synergies, which may lead to lower prices in the industry and result 
in loss of market share if the Group is unable to implement similar efficiencies successfully. For 
example, competitors in adjacent markets already operate in the security market and, mostly with 
the help of anti-cyclical M&A transactions carried out by international investment funds, are 
entering the aerospace and defence sectors, especially in the field of electronics, with advanced 
and often cheaper technological solutions. Similarly, in the information technology and consumer 
electronics markets there are highly innovative competitors which maintain high levels of research 
and development investment by leveraging significant economies of scale. Furthermore, many of 
the Group's larger competitors have significantly greater financial resources than the Group does, 
including as a result of substantial industry consolidation, which increased the market share of 
certain competitors of the Group and enabled them to take advantage of economies of scale and 
develop new technologies.  
Such increasing competition may result in delays or reductions to the acquisition of new orders 
by the Leonardo Group or the acquisition of new orders on less favourable terms than in the past 
(financially or otherwise). This may contribute to growing complexity of the prospective scenario 
and could reduce the volumes and profitability and increase financial requirements of the Group 
during the performance of such orders. Furthermore, such competitive scenario may result in an 
increase of bid protests from unsuccessful bidders, which typically extends the time until work on 
a contract can begin.  
Notwithstanding the fact that such competition is more common in the civil sector, it cannot be 
disregarded that it may also influence the defence sector in case, in the medium-long term, new 
players from the civil markets begin competing with the Group for government clients.  
Leonardo's capacity for innovation and growth depends on the planning and management 
of skills 
Technological innovation and the growing complexity of the Group's businesses requires a 
constant alignment of skills, with a view to providing high added-value products and services and 
affirming the role of system integrator and prime contractor. Competition for recruiting is intense, 
and there are growing personnel expectations on salary and benefits; in this scenario Leonardo 
may not be successful in attracting or retaining qualified personnel. Especially in a market 
environment characterised by sharp demand for innovation skills (as the one in which Leonardo 
operates), any shortage of specialist expertise, the obsolescence of certain competencies and

--- Page 20 ---
18 
professional skills, a lack of senior managers and key employees might impact on the full 
achievement of short- and medium/long-term objectives, including possible repercussions in 
terms of time-to-market of new products and services, as well as of access to emerging business 
segments. 
The Group operates in particularly complex and regulated markets, which require 
compliance with specific regulations (e.g. export control) 
The export of defence products is subject to compliance with particularly important national or 
foreign regulatory obligations. Their export must comply with foreign policy guidelines and is 
subject to restrictions and prior authorizations which are based on specific regulations and 
agreements that may change in relation to the evolution of the geo-political situation, international 
economic interests (such as, for example, Italian Law 185/1990 on controlling the export, import 
and transit of military goods, the U.S. International Traffic in Arms Regulations - ITAR and the 
Export Administration Regulations – EAR) and compliance with customs regimes applicable to 
any and all products offered by the Group, including the present and future agreements post 
Brexit with the United Kingdom.  Export authorisations for defence or dual-use products, as well 
as any failure to comply with applicable customs regime and any other applicable regulations 
could make it impossible for the Group to operate in specific regulated areas and may have 
substantial adverse effects on the Leonardo Group's business, financial position, results of 
operations and cash flow.  
• 
RISKS RELATED TO LEONARDO GROUP'S OPERATION 
The Group operates in some segments through joint ventures, in which the control is 
shared with other partners 
The Group's corporate strategies contemplate the possibility of gaining business opportunities 
through joint ventures or commercial alliances in order to integrate its technology portfolio or 
strengthen its presence in the market. The Group's strategic joint ventures are: in the Electronics, 
Defence & Security Systems business area, MBDA, in which the Group holds a 25 per cent stake 
(with partners BAE Systems and Airbus Group); in the Space business area, Thales Alenia Space, 
in which the Group holds a 33 per cent stake and Telespazio, with a 67 per cent stake (both with 
partner Thales); and in the Aeronautics business area, GIE-ATR, with a 50 per cent stake held 
(with partner Airbus Group). 
Besides the market challenges and scenario constraints also linked to the Russo-Ukrainian war, 
the operations of joint ventures are subject to both strategic positioning and management risks 
and uncertainties, mainly due to the possible divergence of views between the partners on the 
identification and achievement of operating and strategic objectives, the difficulties in resolving 
any conflicts that may arise between them and the difficulties of interaction with partners in the 
ordinary course of business of the joint venture. In particular, the joint ventures in which the Group 
has an interest may be subject to deadlock in the decision-making process, which may ultimately 
lead to the break-up of the joint venture. Exiting from a joint venture or an outright dissolution of 
a joint venture can be a long and costly process and could require Leonardo to share or transfer 
technology and know-how that it originally contributed to the joint venture. Any of the above 
circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Group's strategic positioning in given 
sectors with the risk of not obtaining the expected benefits. 
The Group is exposed to the risk of fraud or illegal activities on the part of employees and 
third parties 
The Group makes every effort in terms of organisation, controls, internal procedures and training 
to ensure fraud risk monitoring and compliance with any and all anti-corruption laws applicable in 
the domestic and foreign markets in which it operates; however, the possibility of employees or 
third parties behaving in an ethically incorrect or not fully compliant manner cannot be ruled out 
thus exposing the Group to financial responsibility and generate adverse reputational effects. 
Similarly, we cannot rule out the possibility of judicial authorities initiating proceedings aimed at 
establishing any possible liability attributable to the Group, the results and timing of which are 
difficult to determine and which might entail temporary suspensions from the market concerned.

--- Page 21 ---
19 
The Group is and/or might be involved in civil, administrative, tax and criminal proceedings 
In the ordinary course of its activities, the Leonardo Group is and/or might be involved in a number 
of civil, administrative and tax proceedings involving substantial amounts. Furthermore, some 
Group companies and certain former/current directors or executives of the Leonardo Group have 
been involved in some judicial investigations and criminal proceedings as a suspect or as a 
defendant or – with reference to the companies – as the person liable for any civil action filed by 
the victims of crime for damages suffered as a result of the alleged conduct of former officers or 
employees of the Leonardo Group. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, certain criminal 
proceedings are still underway. 
Provisions are made in respect of pending litigation when a loss is certain or probable and 
reasonably quantifiable, and Leonardo has accordingly made provisions considered appropriate 
in light of the circumstances (for further information, see "Leonardo and the Leonardo Group – 
Litigation" below and Section 22 (Provisions for risks and charges and contingent liabilities) of the 
explanatory notes to the Leonardo's 2021 integrated annual report incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus). In certain cases, when Leonardo believes that an adverse outcome of 
proceedings is unlikely or that the dispute will be resolved in a satisfactory manner without a 
significant impact on the Group, no provision is made in the Group's financial statements. The 
most significant proceedings in respect of which no specific provisions are made are described in 
Section 22 (Provisions for risks and charges and contingent liabilities) of the explanatory notes to 
the Leonardo's 2021 integrated annual report incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Further developments of the proceedings or new proceedings, presently unforeseeable and 
indefinable, together with the possible consequential impact on Leonardo's reputation, could 
significantly affect the Group's financial position, results of operations and cash flows as well as 
its relationships with customers.  
The Group operates through a number of industrial plants and processes that may expose 
it to risks involving the health and safety of workers and the environment 
The Group's activities are subject to compliance with laws, rules and regulations governing the 
protection of workers' health and safety. Specifically, Legislative Decree 81/2008 provides for a 
preventive and permanent health and safety management system at work, through the 
identification of risk factors and sources, the elimination or reduction of risk, the ongoing 
monitoring of preventive measures implemented, the development of a corporate strategy to be 
implemented through the participation of all stakeholders in the working communities. The 
aforementioned rule of law also proposes to plan measures that are considered to be appropriate 
to ensure the improvement of safety levels over time, including through the adoption of codes of 
conduct and good practices. Furthermore, the Group's activities are subject to compliance with 
laws, rules and regulations governing the protection of environment and energy management, 
which contemplate specific environmental permits aimed at ensuring compliance with restrictions 
and conditions on emissions into the atmosphere, water discharges, storage and use of chemicals 
or hazardous substances (e.g. REACH Regulation and RoHS Directive) and waste management 
and disposal. In order to, inter alia, reduce the effects of environmental events caused by climate 
change – such as floods, drought, fires and others – which may significantly affect corporate sites 
and assets, such environmental regulations require a transition towards a low-carbon and more 
environmentally sustainable economy (in this regard, see also the risk factor headed “Climate 
change, the protection of the environment and consequent new developments in the scenario 
may require actions to be taken on certain types of processes and products” below). This may 
have an impact on business and production processes, as well as on the products and services 
offered.  
Leonardo cannot anticipate whether, and to what extent, such regulations will become more 
stringent over time, nor can Leonardo give any assurances that the cost of future compliance with 
existing regulations will not increase. Any substantial increases in compliance costs could 
adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, 
non-compliance with any of these environmental regulations, or with health and safety laws and 
regulations, may give rise to claims for damages and/or sanctions and may cause potential 
damage to the Group's image and reputation. In this regard the Group might be party to judicial

--- Page 22 ---
20 
proceedings (see the risk factor headed "The Group is and/or might be involved in civil, 
administrative, tax and criminal proceedings"). 
The Group operates in contexts requiring a proactive cyber security management; 
breaches of information security obligations can cause damage to the Group, its 
customers and suppliers and pose a threat to the security of citizens and critical 
infrastructures 
The Leonardo Group is required to face the risks associated with information security, deriving 
from cyber threats in their various forms (such as, inter alia, advanced persistent threat and 
phishing campaigns), the sophistication of attack strategies and a broader exposure to attacks  
resulting from, among other things, increasing digitalisation of processes, products and services 
for customers, the use of innovative technologies, inappropriate cybersecurity posture of involved 
third parties and, especially during times of a natural disaster or pandemic (such as COVID-19), 
the remote working arrangements. Furthermore, in critical geopolitical context, the deterioration 
of relations between states or the occurrence of conflicts (e.g. the recent Russo-Ukrainian war) 
may increase the scope and number of cyber-attacks aimed at institutions and companies. 
Indeed, cyber threats may also become more and more significant as a means to perform a hybrid 
conflict in response to the actions of third-party Countries. The Group may not be able to entirely 
mitigate such risk, and there can be no assurance that future cyber security incidents will not have 
a material negative impact on the Group. In particular, a security breach or other disruption 
involving these types of information and IT networks and related system could (i) disrupt the 
proper functioning of the networks and systems and, therefore, the operations of the Group and 
of certain of its suppliers; (ii) result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, 
misappropriation or release of, proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable 
information of the Group, its customers and its employees, including trade secrets; (iii) result in 
litigation and governmental investigation and proceedings associated with cybersecurity incidents; 
(iv) compromise national security and other sensitive government functions; (v) require significant 
management attention and resources to remedy the damages; (vi) subject the Group to claims 
for contract breach, damages, credits, penalties or termination; and (vii) damage the Group's 
reputation with its customers and the general public. 
Cybersecurity incidents, including any in the supply chain, business interruption, leaks of data 
and information, including personal data, that may be of strategic importance may compromise 
both the business and the Group's image, especially in the case of theft of third-party data stored 
in its archives. Cybersecurity incidents in the supply chain might have repercussions on the 
Group's operations. 
Significant capital investments and other expenditures could be required to remedy cybersecurity 
problems and prevent future breaches, including costs associated with additional security 
technologies, personnel and experts. These costs, which could be material, could adversely 
impact the Group's results of operation in the period in which they are incurred and may not 
meaningfully limit the success of future attempts to breach the IT systems of the Group. 
The Group's performance depends on proper and effective execution of existing long-term 
contracts and on the award of new long-term contracts 
The Group, through its advanced technological expertise, supplies complex products, systems 
and services, under long-term contracts at a fixed all-inclusive price. Given the fierce competition 
in the market, terms and conditions generally require contracts to be performed at a high level of 
service and within stringent execution timetables. If, for any reason whatsoever, the Group does 
not perform the contract in compliance with quality and time limit requirements, the customer is 
entitled to apply penalties and other contract clauses that might have an adverse economic and 
financial impact on the Group. Furthermore, an unforeseen rise in the costs incurred in the 
performance of a contract, which may also be the result of the occurrence of change events, could 
lead to lower profits. For example, in periods characterised by inflation, over-demand, lack or 
discontinuity of supply of goods (including, inter alia, commodities) and services for the production 
and delivery to customers, times and costs for the Group’s companies in performing their 
contractual obligations may increase. This dynamic may also be determined, accelerated and/or 
exacerbated by the deterioration of institutional and commercial relations between sovereign

--- Page 23 ---
21 
states or by the onset of war conflicts (such as the recent Russo-Ukrainian war). Many of the 
current active contracts of the Group may not allow, fully or partially, the related price-adjustment; 
furthermore, the new contracts may also suffer a stronger price competition linked to the different 
ability of the supply chains in managing the increase of the production costs. In the meanwhile, 
the raising of the inflation may not be followed by the fitting of the clients’ expenditure budgets, 
thus reducing their real spending power. 
The long-term sustainability of Leonardo's economic and financial performance also depends on 
its ability to enter into new long-term contracts, ensuring the achievement of key improvements, 
such as costs reduction, quality performance and a production performance able to secure a 
higher profitability. This may be applicable particularly in the Aerostructure's domain which is also 
characterised by a relevant concentration on specific clients that may furtherly reduce or delay 
their existing orders. In addition, the award of new contracts is subject to competition and is 
affected by factors outside of Leonardo's control, such as governmental spending decisions and 
administrative procedures. Any failure to secure or delay in securing a substantial number of long-
term contracts or any interruption, suspension or termination of existing contracts may cause an 
insufficient workload that would adversely affect the Leonardo Group's financial condition and 
results of operations. 
Differences between estimated and actual costs incurred in performing medium and long-
term contracts may affect Leonardo's operating results 
In order to record revenues and margins resulting from medium- and long-term contracts in the 
income statement of each period, the Group adopts the applicable accounting principles, 
including the percentage-of-completion method, which requires: (i) an estimate of the costs 
necessary to carry out the contract, including risks for delays and additional actions to be 
undertaken to mitigate the risk of non-performance and (ii) checking the state of progress of the 
activities. Given their nature, these are both subject to management's estimates and, as a result, 
they depend on the ability to foresee the effects of future events such as, inter alia, technological 
difficulties, engineering or development challenges, fluctuations in raw materials prices, higher 
than expected inflation, increased labour costs, problems with suppliers and cost overruns. An 
unexpected increase in the costs incurred while performing contracts could cause a significant 
reduction in profitability or a loss, if costs exceed the revenues deriving from contracts. 
Leonardo periodically conducts a review of its estimated costs to complete existing contracts and 
if such review suggests that higher costs will be incurred, appropriate adjustments are recorded 
on Leonardo's balance sheet in accordance with IFRS. If the expenditure overrun in the future 
exceeds for whatever reason the estimated costs, Leonardo's results will be adversely affected 
in future periods. Differences between estimated and actual costs, arising from a number of 
factors such as production delays, cost overruns and other unforeseen matters, may have a 
material adverse impact on Leonardo's financial condition and results of operations. 
Risk of proper performance of contracts also depends on the supply and sub-supply chain 
The Group purchases, in substantial proportions with respect to its sales, industrial products and 
services, materials and components, equipment and subsystems provided by suppliers and sub-
suppliers. Therefore, the timely and satisfactory performance of Leonardo's contractual 
commitments depends upon, inter alia, the timely and proper performance of the contractual 
obligations of such suppliers and sub-suppliers. This in turn may be affected by certain factors 
beyond the suppliers' and sub-suppliers' control, such as the destruction of their facilities or 
distribution infrastructure and/or work stoppages and strikes. The Group's dependence on 
suppliers for certain business activities might give rise to difficulties in maintaining quality 
standards and meeting delivery times. The risk profile of suppliers and sub-suppliers can 
deteriorate during economic downturns, in times of geopolitical tension and conflict, as well as 
during periods of convulsive market rebound. In such periods suppliers and sub-suppliers may 
suffer procurement shortages and discontinuities as well as inflationary effects, including the 
increase in prices of the energy commodities which it is, and may further be, experienced also as 
a consequence of the recent Russo-Ukrainian war. Furthermore, the risk profile of suppliers and 
sub-suppliers may be influenced by the termination of the fiscal and financial support provided to 
businesses during the pandemic period.

--- Page 24 ---
22 
In addition, the availability (and consequently the cost) of materials such as aluminium and steel, 
energy commodities, critical raw materials (including the rare earth elements) and microelectronic 
components is of great importance for the industrial operations as well as the high-tech 
applications (e.g. sensors, actuators), both for the Group and its supply chain. In some cases, 
critical raw materials are a decisive enabler for the initiatives underpinning the European Green 
Deal and the technologies of certain production sectors as well. Most of the critical raw materials 
relevant to the Aerospace and Defence sector are not directly available in Europe, but rather in 
other countries, mainly non-NATO/EU. When availability and production of materials are 
concentrated in a single country, such country may be in a position to sway the balance between 
global supply and demand, with impacts on market prices and/or availability of goods. This trend 
may be exacerbated in scenarios marked by critical geopolitical issues, the deterioration of 
institutional and commercial relations between sovereign states or the occurrence of war conflicts, 
especially if the countries involved pay a substantial role in the supply of energy commodities and 
the production of critical materials (including, without limitation, raw materials) such as the parties 
involved in the recent Russo-Ukrainian war.  
Any failure by the Leonardo Group to deliver products and services in a timely manner or at all, 
or any defect in contract performance (including as a result of delays or breaches by the Group's 
suppliers or sub-suppliers) as well as any failure in after-sale services and maintenance and 
revision of products may lead to higher costs or penalties and may have an adverse effect on the 
Leonardo Group's financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is required to fulfil direct or indirect offset obligations in certain countries 
Some international customers require industrial cooperation related to the award of contracts in 
the aerospace and defence sector, in certain cases with rigorous requirements linked to the 
development policy of each country. Together with supply contracts, the Group may therefore 
undertake offset obligations that require procurement or manufacturing support at local level, 
technology transfer and investments in industrial projects in the customer's country. Failure to 
meet offset obligations may result in the application of penalties and, in certain cases, might 
prevent the Group from participating in contract award procedures in the countries concerned, 
with a consequent negative impact on the profitability of the Leonardo Group. 
A substantial amount of consolidated assets is attributable to intangible assets and 
goodwill 
The recoverability of amounts recognised as intangible assets (including goodwill and 
development costs) is linked to the implementation of future plans and the business plans for the 
relevant products. Any failure to implement such plans may impair the value of the intangible 
assets. 
The overall productivity of the consortia in which Leonardo participates depends in part 
on Leonardo's partners performing their obligations 
Leonardo performs a substantial portion of its business as a prime contractor or sub-contractor in 
consortia. As prime contractor, Leonardo assumes its responsibility towards the customer in 
respect of work to be performed by its partners, whom Leonardo does not control. Failure by any 
of Leonardo's partners to perform their obligations may affect Leonardo's ability or the ability of 
the consortia to perform their respective obligations, impairing the consortia's overall productivity 
and Leonardo's ability to perform its obligations as prime contractor. Sub-contractor performance 
deficiencies could result in a customer terminating a contract for default, thereby exposing 
Leonardo to liabilities and penalties, which would have a material adverse effect on Leonardo's 
results of operation and financial condition, as well as its ability to compete for future contracts 
and orders. 
The Leonardo Group is exposed to product liability and other customer claims which may 
not be fully covered by insurance policies 
Leonardo is subject to product liability and other claims from customers or third parties in 
connection with (i) non-conformity of products or services with customers' requirements, due to 
design and manufacturing defects of products and services, for example; (ii) delays in supplying

--- Page 25 ---
23 
or failure to supply products or services indicated in the contract (or offsetting obligations); or (iii) 
defaults and/or delays in the marketing, performing of after-sale services and maintenance and 
revision of products. These liabilities might arise from causes that are attributable directly to 
Leonardo Group companies or due to maintaining the specialist expertise of the company and its 
resources or causes that are ascribable to third parties outside the Group that act as suppliers or 
sub-suppliers for the Group. Although these claims are generally covered by Leonardo's 
insurance policies, there can be no assurance that insurance will cover all future product liability 
claims. In addition, any accident, failure, incident or liability, even if fully insured, could damage 
Leonardo's reputation among its customers and the public, thereby making it more difficult for 
Leonardo to compete effectively, and could have a significant impact on the cost and availability 
of adequate insurance in the future. Material product defects or breaches by the Leonardo Group 
may also lead to contract termination. All of the above factors could have a material adverse effect 
on Leonardo's business, financial condition and results of operation. 
Leonardo may face difficulties in protecting its intellectual property 
Leonardo's success and results depend, in part, on its ability to protect the R&D innovation by 
intellectual property rights (primarily patents, copyrights and trade secrets). To this end, Leonardo 
Group’s intellectual property rights are granted to third parties only through specific license 
agreements and other contractual provisions. 
However, there can be no assurance that Leonardo will be able to prevent any unauthorised use 
of its intellectual property, due to, inter alia, disloyal employees or suppliers’ default of the 
contractual provisions related to intellectual property rights, as well as any risk of counterfeiting. 
Furthermore, patent protection does not prevent competitors from developing incremental or 
radical innovations without violating the Leonardo Group's intellectual property rights. In addition, 
government clients normally have the royalty-free right to use intellectual property rights 
(sometimes including the right to sub-license) related to the Leonardo Group's products and 
technologies that have been developed under government contracts, which weakens the Group's 
intellectual property protection. 
Moreover, the Group may have difficulties in enforcing its intellectual property rights against 
alleged infringers. In this event, Leonardo is required to assess the pros and cons deriving from 
a lawsuit to be filed against the alleged infringers. Any claims, indeed, could be time consuming 
and expensive. Furthermore, many jurisdictions may be involved, thus increasing the uncertainty 
connected with the outcome of the proceedings. 
In addition, third parties have claimed in the past and may claim in the future that the Group is 
infringing directly or indirectly upon their intellectual property rights. If the Group were not to 
prevail in any of these claims, it could be required to cease the manufacturing of a product, 
indemnify significant damages or enter into license agreements which the Group may not be able 
to obtain with acceptable royalty. 
If Leonardo fails to effectively protect its own intellectual property or to successfully defend it from 
aggressive claims by third parties, then its business, results of operation and financial condition 
could be materially harmed. 
Other facts and circumstances that may affect Leonardo Group's operation 
In addition to the risk factors described above, the operation of the Leonardo Group may be 
affected, directly and/or indirectly, by other facts or circumstances such as disruptions caused by 
natural disasters, severe weather conditions, other extraordinary and unforeseeable events such 
as a fire, service interruption or acts of terrorism. 
Climate change, the protection of the environment and consequent new developments in 
the scenario may require actions to be taken on certain types of processes and products  
The transition towards a low-carbon and more environmentally sustainable economy may entail 
certain risks for the Group, mainly induced by greater severity of environmental and climate 
policies, the progress of the relevant technology and/or the changing confidence of investors and

--- Page 26 ---
24 
lenders. The Group’s processes, in particular those relating to production, as well as the Group’s 
products and services offered to the market may be negatively impacted. Furthermore, the impact 
of climate change exposes the Group to an increased frequency of acute weather events – such 
as floods, drought, fires and others – with potential adverse effects on the Group's business and 
production processes. 
• 
RISKS RELATED TO THE FINANCIAL INDEBTEDNESS OF THE GROUP 
Risk related to high levels of indebtedness and to interest rates fluctuation 
The Group's debt level is high, also as a consequence of a low level of cash flow generation, 
thereby reducing the Group's profitability through higher borrowing costs and exposing it to future 
fluctuations in interest rates (as to the floating portion). The high levels of indebtedness could 
have an impact on the Group's strategy, limiting its operational and strategic flexibility. Potential 
future liquidity crises could also restrict the Group's ability to repay its debts. Furthermore, certain 
bank facilities include financial covenants, whose breach may lead to default. 
In addition and also considering the impacts of the inflation growth on interest rates markets, the 
Leonardo Group is subject to interest rate risk arising from its financial indebtedness, which varies 
depending on whether such indebtedness is at a fixed or floating rate. As at 31 December 2021, 
approximately 34 per cent. of Leonardo's financing sources is represented by variable rate 
instruments (taking into account the hedging policies in place), the cost of which increases when 
market interest rates rise. 
The Group's credit rating and financial market conditions may affect its ability to obtain 
funding 
All bond issues by the Leonardo Group are typically given a medium-term financial credit rating 
by the three international rating agencies: Moody's, Standard & Poor's and Fitch (for information 
regarding Leonardo's credit ratings see the cover page of this Base Prospectus). A downgrade in 
the Group's credit rating could severely limit its access to funding sources, as well as increase its 
borrowing costs for existing and future loans, which would have a negative impact on the Group's 
business prospects and its performance and financial results. These difficulties could be 
compounded by unfavourable market conditions and other factors which may prevent Leonardo 
from meeting its financial needs. Furthermore, the eligibility and sustainability performance of the 
Group may also become increasingly important in determining creditworthiness of the Group 
moving forwards. In addition, were the Group to obtain funding, borrowing costs could be higher 
and contractual conditions may be less favourable than current arrangements in terms of 
covenants and other restrictions. Any difficulties in obtaining access to funding would have a 
material adverse effect on the Leonardo Group's financial condition and business results. 
In addition, on the basis of the methodologies used by Standard & Poor's and Moody's, the 
Issuer's credit ratings might potentially be exposed to risk in reductions of the sovereign credit 
rating of the Republic of Italy, which may have a potential knock-on effect on the credit rating of 
certain Italian issuers, such as the Issuer, and increase the likelihood that the credit rating of 
Notes (if any) could be downgraded, with a consequent adverse effect on the market value of the 
Notes.  
The Leonardo Group may suffer losses from any deficit in its defined benefits plans 
The Group is a sponsor of defined-benefit pension plans in the United Kingdom and the U.S. and 
of other minor plans in Europe. Under defined-benefit plans, the Group is required to ensure a 
specific future retirement benefit level for employees participating in the plan; in the United 
Kingdom and the U.S., the pension funds in which the Group participates invest resources in the 
plan's assets (stocks, bonds, etc.) that might not be sufficient to cover the agreed-upon benefits, 
especially in periods of turbulence for financial markets, also as a consequence of conflicts such 
as the recent Russo-Ukrainian war. If the value of the plan's assets is less than the agreed-upon 
benefit level, the Group records the amount of the deficit as a liability. The calculation of expected 
liabilities arising from defined benefit plans is based on actuarial estimates and demographic and 
financial assumptions. However, future developments may differ from those estimates and

--- Page 27 ---
25 
assumptions and may lead to significantly higher levels of deficits, including, for example, as a 
result of high volatility in equity and bond markets. In those circumstances, the Group must make 
up for the shortfall and any further increases in deficits could have a material adverse effect on 
its financial condition and results of operations. 
The Leonardo Group operates in industries demanding high working capital, which is 
subject to volatility and seasonal variations 
The Leonardo Group is required to maintain a high level of working capital because its business 
activities are characterised by long product development periods and production cycles. The 
Leonardo Group partly finances its working capital requirements through arrangements with 
customers (i.e. advance payments) and suppliers, and through working capital financing lines. 
The scope and quantity of the Leonardo Group's transactions with government and government-
related entities has, from time to time, increased working capital requirements because of a 
deterioration in the terms of payment. Delays and/or a reduction in customer payments or 
advance payments, reduction in margins achieved on sales of products and services, timing and 
collection of receivables, timing and size of inventory and work in progress increases and/or 
accelerated payments to suppliers may lead to extraordinary cash absorptions, which could 
materially increase the amount of working capital to be funded through external debt financing. 
In addition, the Leonardo Group's level of debt during the year reflects seasonal working capital 
requirements. These requirements arise largely because, while expenditure is incurred regularly 
during the course of the year, several of Leonardo's largest customers (including the public sector) 
typically pay at the financial year end (fourth quarter), thereby increasing Leonardo's reliance on 
debt financing for short term working capital requirements. 
Historically, Leonardo's working capital requirements and cash flows have been, and are 
expected to continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations. Any difficulty in meeting the Group's 
working capital requirements and manage fluctuation in cash flows could have a material adverse 
effect on its financial condition and results of operations. 
• 
EXTERNAL RISKS  
The Group is exposed to the risk of exchange-rate fluctuations 
Because of Leonardo's substantial international sales, fluctuations in the exchange rate of the 
Euro, which is the Leonardo's Group reporting currency, against other currencies, mainly U.S. 
dollar and Sterling, can have a significant impact on Leonardo's revenues and operating results. 
In particular, the Group reports a significant portion of revenues in U.S. dollars and Sterling, while 
costs may be denominated in other currencies (mainly Euros). Accordingly, any decrease in the 
value of the U.S. dollar and/or Sterling compared to the Euro affects the Group's margins in Euro. 
In addition, fluctuations in exchange rates may adversely affect the competitiveness of Leonardo's 
products and services provided outside the Eurozone. 
In order to hedge the above foreign currency risk exposure under contracts which are 
denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entity performing the 
operation ("transaction risk"), the Group enters into forward currency transactions, swaps and 
options. However, there can be no assurance that future fluctuations in exchange rates, 
particularly the Euro/Sterling and the Euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate, will not harm the Leonardo 
Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Moreover, the Leonardo Group has made significant investments in the United Kingdom, in the 
United States and in Poland. Since the reporting currency of the Group's consolidated financial 
statements is the Euro, appreciation of the Euro against pounds Sterling, the U.S. dollar or the 
Polish złoty could have an adverse impact, also through the translation of the financial statements 
of foreign subsidiaries/investees, on the Leonardo Group's balance sheet and income statement 
and may give rise to significant changes in Leonardo's shareholders' equity from period to period 
(so-called "translation risk").

--- Page 28 ---
26 
The Leonardo Group is exposed to credit and counterparty risk 
The Leonardo Group is active with clients belonging to countries that are suffering from political, 
social and economic instability. These countries may be subject to (i) high inflation and volatile 
exchange rates, (ii) weak bankruptcy and creditor protection law and (iii) limitations on 
investments and export/import of assets. In addition, those countries may be exposed to the risk 
of social unrest and political upheavals. Any instability in countries where the Group does 
business, such as, inter alia, Libya, Zambia, Pakistan, Turkmenistan may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's financial condition and results of operations. For further information, see 
Section 37 (Financial risk management), paragraph headed "Credit risk", of the explanatory notes 
to the Leonardo's 2021 integrated annual report incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus.  
Furthermore, given that Leonardo often operates under long-term contracts (in this respect see 
also risk factors headed "The Group operates significantly on long-term contracts at a given price 
for supplies of highly complex products, systems and services" and "Differences between 
estimated and actual costs incurred in performing medium and long-term contracts may affect 
Leonardo's operating results" above), the Group is exposed to a higher risk of default by 
customers who, although believed to be financially sound at the time of the initial order, 
subsequently face financial difficulties. In the case of customer insolvency, the Group may find 
itself in a situation where it has already delivered an order or incurred the costs associated with it 
but has not received full payment or is even required to return amounts to the insolvency 
administrator or liquidator. 
Risks associated with Leonardo's transactions in countries, with entities or in specific 
sectors which might become subject to sanctions or associated with Leonardo's potential 
infringement of compliance laws and regulations 
The complex and constantly evolving geopolitical and regulatory environment may have 
unpredictable consequences in countries in which, or for entities with whom, Leonardo currently 
conducts business, which may in the future be subject to sanctions or blacklisted resulting in a 
loss of Leonardo's current and/or potential business which could have a material adverse effect 
on its financial condition and results of operations. Indeed, international sanction authorities 
impose and may further impose restrictions on trade with certain countries, regions and/or 
persons and/or on trade of certain goods and/or provision of certain services. In particular, 
Leonardo's activities have already been impacted by the sanction programmes related to the 2014 
Crimean crisis and the recent Russo-Ukrainian war. For example, the sanctions issued in relation 
to the Russo-Ukrainian war have prohibited all exports related to aerospace civil sector which 
wasn’t previously restricted.  
In addition, any potential allegations made against members of the Leonardo Group relating to 
violations of European and/or US sanctions-related regulations could adversely affect the Group's 
reputation and relationship with its customers, its ability to obtain future contracts and orders and 
the Group's capacity to raise finance from banking institutions or refinance existing lines of credit 
with the result that its business, operations and financial condition could be materially harmed. 
• 
RISKS RELATED TO LEONARDO'S PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDER  
The Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance has significant influence over Leonardo's 
actions which may restrict its ability to run its business 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance holds 
approximately 30.204 per cent of Leonardo's share capital and exercises the control over major 
decisions taken by Leonardo through a significant holding of its ordinary shares which de facto 
allows the Ministry to appoint two-thirds of the directors by means of a special mechanism (voto 
di lista) provided for under the By-laws. Accordingly, the Italian government has a significant 
influence over decisions taken at Leonardo's shareholders' meetings, including the payment of 
any dividends, capital increases and the appointment of directors and statutory auditors. 
Furthermore, Leonardo's By-laws provide for shareholding limits and require qualified majorities 
by Leonardo's Board of Directors and shareholders for the approval of certain actions. Given the 
size of these qualified majorities, it may be necessary to obtain the affirmative vote of directors

--- Page 29 ---
27 
appointed by the Italian government at a board meeting or, on the basis of past experience, the 
affirmative vote of the Italian government at a shareholders' meeting in order for those actions to 
be approved. As a result, Leonardo's shareholders' meetings could experience significant 
decision making deadlock in the event the Italian government is against certain initiatives (also 
as a consequence of factors not specifically linked to the sectors in which the Group operates) 
and, at the same time, the ability of other shareholders to influence decisions on matters 
submitted to the approval of Leonardo's shareholders' meeting may be limited. 
In addition, in periods with high financial and economic instability the Italian Government might 
dispose of certain assets in order to increase its cash flow and support public expenditure in 
sectors which, from time to time, might be considered more strategic. Alternatively, it may 
significantly restrict the operations of companies in which it owns significant holdings (such as the 
Issuer) with the aim of adopting a more conservative approach. This could also negatively affect 
the financial and business results of the Group. 
The "golden power” may affect Leonardo's ability to manage its business 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 21 of 15 March 2012 (converted with amendments into Law No. 56 
of 11 May 2012), as recently amended by Law Decree No. 21 of 21 March 2022 (the "Golden 
Powers Decree"), the Italian Government is entitled to exercise certain special powers (the 
“Golden Powers”)  in order to face serious threats to public interests or threats to security and 
public order with respect to companies operating in sectors such as defence and national security, 
transport, energy and communication and high tech and holding or managing strategic assets in 
those sectors, as specifically identified in implementing regulations. 
The Golden Powers, which are unrelated to any equity interest held in the companies operating 
in the previously mentioned sectors, consist mainly of the following: 
(a)  
imposition of specific requirements or conditions on the acquisition of stakes in companies 
operating in strategic areas; 
(b)  
veto right over certain shareholders' and/or directors' resolutions concerning extraordinary 
transactions involving companies holding strategic assets (as identified by the relevant 
implementing measures) such as, inter alia, mergers, demergers, transfers of business or 
business units, changes to the corporate purposes, transfer of the registered offices, 
securities over the assets;  
(c)  
opposition to the acquisition of stakes by entities where the buyer came to acquire an 
interest in the voting share capital of the previously mentioned companies, which is capable 
of affecting the defence, and national security interests. 
The Italian Government may or may not exercise the above special powers. The exercise of any 
of the Golden Powers and the relevant consequential measures could affect Leonardo's ability to 
manage its business with reference to the relevant transactions mostly referred to above. In 
particular, the exercise of the special powers connected to the acquisition of holdings in Leonardo, 
could make a change of control of Leonardo (whether by merger or otherwise) more difficult or 
even discourage certain bidders from making an offer involving a change of control that might 
otherwise be beneficial to stakeholders. 
The Italian Government has the ability to exercise the Golden Powers ex officio in case of failed 
notification of the transaction by the relevant company(ies). Without prejudice to the application 
of criminal sanctions (should the conduct constitute the perpetration of a crime), failure to notify a 
relevant transaction, or to carry it out before receiving governmental clearance or in breach of the 
government-imposed prescriptions or conditions, risks an administrative pecuniary sanction of up 
to twice as much as the value of the transaction and, in any event, no less than 1% of the 
aggregate turnover realized in the last fiscal year. Any ruling by which such rights and powers are 
exercised may be challenged before the Regional Administrative Tribunal of Lazio. 
With specific reference to the implementing decrees impacting on Leonardo's sectors of activity, 
the Decree No. 108 issued by the President of the Council of Ministers on 6 June 2014, in force 
as of 15 August 2014, identified a list of activities of strategic importance for the national defence

--- Page 30 ---
28 
and security system for the purposes of the exercise of the special powers provided under the 
Golden Powers Decree. 
The Decree No. 179 issued by the President of the Council of Ministers on 30 December 2020, 
identifies assets and relationships of strategic importance under the so-called “European Sectors” 
referred to in Article 2, paragraph 1-ter of the Golden Power Decree. These sectors cover all the 
“critical factors” set out under Article 4 of Regulation (EU) No. 452/2019 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 19 March 2019 (establishing a framework for the screening of 
foreign direct investments into the Union) and include asset and activities such as, by way of 
example, data processing and storage (Article 6), artificial intelligence and cyber-security (art. 9) 
and dual use items (Article 12). 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME AND WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE 
MARKET RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
• 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context 
of its particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in 
which such investor's financial activities are principally denominated and/or from the 
potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour 
of financial markets; 
(v) 
consider all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal or 
interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest 
payments is different from the potential investor's currency; and 
(vi) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios 
for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability 
to bear the applicable risks. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates 
may adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes. While the nominal interest rate of a security 
with a fixed interest rate is fixed during the life of such security or during a certain period of time, 
market interest rates typically change on a daily basis. As market interest rates change, the price 
of such security changes in the opposite direction. If market interest rates increase, the price of 
such security typically falls, until the yield of such security is approximately equal to the prevailing 
market interest rate. Conversely, if market interest rates fall, the price of a security with a fixed 
interest rate typically increases, until the yield of such security is approximately equal to the 
prevailing market interest rate. Investors should be aware that the market price of such Notes 
may fall as a result of movements in market interest rates.

--- Page 31 ---
29 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on 
Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able 
to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their 
return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest 
periods. If the terms and conditions of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, 
investors are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may 
reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
In addition, the Issuer’s ability to issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value and the 
secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes (and vice versa). 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the 
future 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates 
and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and 
international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
The Benchmark Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within 
the EU. The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to 
EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and 
such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or 
level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any 
of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of 
quotes of certain "benchmarks." 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank 
announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption 
of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks 
used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, 
the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") 
as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 
2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms of 
the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, 
or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of any benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, 
could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as 
further described in Condition 7(e) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser))) or result in 
adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate 
Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject 
to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the 
nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may 
adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant 
Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event 
that a published benchmark, such as EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark 
may be published (or any other successor service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event 
or a Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined in the Conditions), as applicable, otherwise 
occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of

--- Page 32 ---
30 
Notes. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by 
reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative 
reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant 
governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the 
replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes 
may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to 
apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may 
result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the 
rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement 
of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in 
making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, 
the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert 
the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the 
Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of 
borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than the then prevailing spreads on 
comparable floating rate notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate 
to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the then prevailing rates on its other Notes. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon 
a reference rate. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values 
of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with 
otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase 
in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an 
increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these 
Notes. 
• 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET GENERALLY 
No active trading market for the Notes, the secondary market generally and the market 
volatility 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed 
and for which there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular

--- Page 33 ---
31 
Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single Series with a Tranche of 
Notes which is already issued). Although application has been made for the Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, there is no 
assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so 
admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Furthermore, if the Notes are traded after 
their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon 
prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the 
financial condition of the Issuer. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their 
Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that 
have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives 
or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories 
of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse 
effect on the market value of Notes. In addition, holders of Notes should be aware that, in view of 
the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions (which continue at the date 
hereof), the secondary market for Notes and instruments of this kind may be illiquid. The Issuer 
cannot predict when these circumstances will change. 
Delisting of the Notes 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List 
and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, however 
Notes issued under the Programme may also be admitted to trading, listing and/or quotation by 
any other listing authority, stock exchange or quotation system of the European Union (each, a 
"listing"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such Notes may subsequently be delisted 
despite the best efforts of the Issuer to maintain such listing and, although no assurance is made 
as to the liquidity of the Notes as a result of listing, any delisting of the Notes may have a material 
effect on a Noteholder's ability to resell the Notes on the secondary market. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified 
Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes 
due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the 
risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent market value of the Notes. Government and monetary authorities may impose (as 
some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable 
exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal. 
• 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES GENERALLY 
Credit ratings assigned (if any) to any Notes or the Issuer may not reflect all the risks 
associated with an investment in those Notes 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. One or more 
independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The credit rating of a 
Tranche of Notes (if any) will be provided in the relevant Final Terms. Where a Tranche of Notes 
is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the ratings described herein or the ratings 
assigned to Leonardo. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to

--- Page 34 ---
32 
structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value 
of the Notes. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Any adverse change in an 
applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price for the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Credit ratings may be lowered, inter alia, if certain profitability and cash flow to debt 
ratios are not met by Leonardo. The Issuer's borrowing costs and access to the capital markets 
depend significantly on the credit ratings assigned to the Issuer. Reduction in the credit ratings of 
the Issuer could significantly increase borrowing costs and limit the Issuer's access to the capital 
markets. In turn this could materially adversely affect the Issuer's access to liquidity, its 
competitive position, increase its funding costs and, hence, have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, financial position and results of operations. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors 
may be restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless: (1) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation; or (2) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under 
the EU CRA Regulation. The list of registered and certified credit rating agencies is published by 
ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation and is not conclusive evidence 
of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between 
certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant credit rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies 
and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
UK regulated investors are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation, unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which 
is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
The Notes may be redeemed at the Issuer’s option prior to maturity 
If in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Notes 
are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain circumstances, the Issuer may choose to redeem 
the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an 
investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an 
effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above, and may in fact decrease below, the price at which they can be redeemed. 
This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer may be expected to redeem 
Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an 
investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. 
In addition, with respect to the options under Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9(c)(i) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer – Issuer Call), Condition 9(d) (Redemption and Purchase – Clean-Up Call 
Option) and Condition 9(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
from three months prior to the Maturity Date of the relevant Notes), the Issuer's right to redeem 
at par all or, as the case may be, part of the Notes will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior

--- Page 35 ---
33 
to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the relevant option the Notes may have 
been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. If the 
Issuer calls and redeems the Notes in the circumstances mentioned above, the Noteholders may 
not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in securities offering a comparable yield. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Furthermore, with respect to the Clean-Up Call Option, there is no obligation under the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer to inform investors if and when the percentage of 80 
per cent. is about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that 
immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-Up Call Option, 
the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of 
capital invested. 
The Make-Whole Issuer Call and the Issuer Call are exercisable in whole or in part and 
such exercise by the Issuer in respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes 
in respect of which such option is not exercised 
The Issuer Call provided in Condition 9(c)(i) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer – Issuer Call) and the Make-Whole Issuer Call provided in Condition 9(c)(ii) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer – Make-Whole Issuer Call) 
are exercisable in whole or in part. If the Issuer decides to redeem certain Notes in part only, such 
partial redemption may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which 
such option is not exercised. Depending on the number of the Notes of the same Series in respect 
of which the Issuer Call or the Make-Whole Issuer Call (as the case may be) is exercised, any 
trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may 
become illiquid. 
Redemption for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any 
Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or certain other relevant jurisdictions or any 
political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may 
redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption for tax reasons). In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the 
relevant Notes. 
The Issuer may amend the economic terms and conditions of the Notes without the prior 
consent of all holders of such Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to each Series will be as agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at or prior to the time of issuance of such Series, and will be completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. The terms and conditions applicable to each Series will therefore be those 
set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below, subject to being completed by the 
relevant Final Terms in relation to each Series. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Agency Agreement contain provisions, which are 
binding on the Issuer and the holders of Notes, for convening meetings of the holders of Notes of 
any Series to consider matters affecting their interests generally, including the modification or 
waiver of the Conditions applicable to any Series of Notes. These provisions permit defined 
majorities to make decisions that may affect Noteholders' rights and obligations under the Notes 
and bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Any such amendment 
to the Notes may include, without limitation, lowering the ranking of the Notes, reducing the 
amount of principal and interest payable on the Notes, changing the time and manner of payment, 
changing provisions relating to redemption, limiting remedies on the Notes, and changing the 
amendment provisions. These and other changes may adversely impact Noteholders' rights and 
may adversely impact the market value of the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer has the right to 
correct manifest errors in the Conditions without the Noteholders' consent. In addition, in

--- Page 36 ---
34 
accordance with Condition 7(e) (Floating Rate Note Provisions – Benchmark Replacement), 
certain changes may be made without the consent of Noteholders to the interest calculation 
provisions of the Floating Rate Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such 
Condition. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: Definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible 
that such Note may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that 
are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case, a holder who, 
as a result of such trading, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive 
a definitive Note in bearer form in respect of such holding (should such definitive Notes be printed) 
and, in order to receive such a Note, would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such 
that its holding amounts to the minimum Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
Any Calculation Agent appointed under the Programme (whether the Fiscal Agent, any Paying 
Agent or otherwise) is the agent of the Issuer and not the agent of the Noteholders. Potential 
conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders, including 
with respect to certain determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent may make 
pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the 
term of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
Besides, the Issuer may act as Calculation Agent or appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in 
respect of an issuance of Notes under the Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is 
likely to be a member of a financial group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, 
in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a 
Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to 
manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in 
transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by 
Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value 
of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and 
communication with the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such 
Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary, or as the case may be, a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described 
in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their 
beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. While the Notes are 
represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under 
the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or, as the case may be, a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. 
A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial 
interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of 
the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are

--- Page 37 ---
35 
enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, 
holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global 
Notes to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant 
Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant. 
Taxation 
The tax regime in the Republic of Italy and in any other relevant jurisdiction (including, without 
limitation, the jurisdiction in which each Noteholder is resident for tax purposes) may be relevant 
to the acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and the receiving of payments of interest, principal 
and/or other income under the Notes. For instance, the substitutive tax exemption regime provided 
by Decree No. 239 applies if certain procedural requirements are met and there can be no 
assurance that all non-Italian resident investors will be entitled to claim the application of the 
withholding tax exemption. For further information on the principal Italian tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership, redemption and disposal of the Notes, see the section headed "Taxation" 
below. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which 
countries' tax laws could be relevant and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of 
those countries.

--- Page 38 ---
36 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
Certain documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with 
this Base Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF are incorporated by reference into, and 
form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The documents so published and filed are as follows: 
(d) 
the audited integrated annual report of Leonardo (together with the auditors' report 
thereon) as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, available on 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/106b40bde7f567472bb577d78de2433ea1, and in particular: 
Leonardo 2021 integrated annual report 
Section 
Page number(s) 
Group results and financial position 
36-45 
"Non-GAAP" alternative performance indicators 
62-65 
Industrial and financial transactions 
66-69 
Other performance indicators 
71 
Related party transactions 
71 
Consolidated separate income statements   
166 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
167 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
168 
Consolidated statement of cash flows  
169 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
170 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements at 31 December 
2021 
171-237 
Attachment: scope of consolidation 
239-243 
Independent auditor’s report on the consolidated financial 
statements as at 31 December 2021  
245 (1-6) 
(e) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Leonardo (together with the 
auditors' report thereon) as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, 
available on http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/104f12f18a2c1740a09bb2133f6dd531f9, and in 
particular: 
Leonardo 2020 consolidated annual financial statements 
Section 
Page number(s) 
"Non-GAAP" alternative performance indicators 
52-55 
Consolidated separate income statement  
135 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
136 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
137 
Consolidated statement of cash flows  
138 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
139 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
140-212 
Attachment: scope of consolidation 
214-218 
Report of the independent auditing firm 
220 (1-7) 
(f) 
Leonardo's corporate governance report 2022 for 2021 financial year available on 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10f7a9e50ecb5f4367bdc2e850438bdf23, and in particular: 
Corporate governance report 2022 
Section 
Page number(s) 
Section 2 - Information about the shareholder structure at 10 March 
2022 
20-42 
Section 3 – Compliance 
44 
Section 4 – Board of Directors 
45-81 
Section 5 – Internal Board Committees 
82-83

--- Page 39 ---
37 
Corporate governance report 2022 
Section 
Page number(s) 
Section 6 – Nomination and Governance Committee – Self-
evaluation  
83-92 
Section 7 - Sustainability and Innovation Committee 
92-100 
Section 8.1 – Remuneration Committee 
96-104 
Section 9 – Control and Risks Committee 
105-110 
Section 10 – Internal Control and Risk Management System 
110-128 
Section 11 – Board of Statutory Auditors 
128-143 
Section 15 – Additional Corporate Governance Practices 
160-164 
(g) 
the 
interim 
results 
of 
Leonardo 
at 
31 
March 
2022, 
available 
on 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10db4aa50f126d4348b6c52c050bbb1560, and in particular: 
Results at 31 March 2022 
Section 
Page number(s) 
Group Results and Financial Position 
3-10 
Key Performance Indicators by segment 
11-12 
Main transactions of the first 3 months of 2021 and significant 
events occurred after the period-end 
13-14 
Explanatory Notes 
15-17 
Annex 1: Scope of consolidation 
19 
Annex 2: “Non-GAAP” performance indicators 
20-22 
Declaration of the Officer in charge of Financial Reporting 
pursuant to art. 154-bis, paragraph 2, of Legislative Decree 
No. 58/98 as amended and supplemented 
23 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference table above but included in the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and any documents themselves incorporated 
by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and are either not relevant for the investor or covered in another part 
of this Base Prospectus. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the competent authority. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer 
and approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise) 
be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a 
document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified 
or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for 
use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
The Issuer will, at its registered offices and the specified offices of the Paying Agents, provide, 
free of charge, upon oral or written request, a copy of this Base Prospectus and all documents 
forming part thereof. A copy of the documents incorporated by reference shall also be available 
in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (http://www.bourse.lu). 
Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the specified office of any 
Paying Agent or the specified office of the Listing Agent in Luxembourg. 
In addition, this Base Prospectus and, in the case of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange,

--- Page 40 ---
38 
the applicable Final Terms, will be available in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (http://www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 41 ---
39 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer 
has included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information 
relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only 
be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. In this section the 
expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the necessary 
information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights 
attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is 
required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be 
contained in the relevant Final Terms unless any of such information constitutes a significant new 
factor relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus, in which case such 
information, together with all of the other necessary information in relation to the relevant series 
of Notes, may be contained in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms must be read in 
conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the 
extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which 
is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information 
being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference 
to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the 
context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
40 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the 
"Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each, 
a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") 
and/or Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued 
in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
According to the European Central Bank (the "ECB"), Notes in NGN form are in compliance with 
the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the 
central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are 
fulfilled. Debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) 
(the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a 
maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are 
applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a 
Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a 
Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No 
payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect 
of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note 
at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the 
aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; 
provided, however, that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by 
the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive 
form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or

--- Page 43 ---
41 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note", then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or (b) an Event of Default as defined in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs 
and the Notes become due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
When the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the circumstance 
described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral 
multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in 
global or definitive form. As an exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note 
may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances described in (iii) above, Notes may be issued 
in denominations of EUR 100,000, plus integral multiples of EUR 1,000 in excess thereof up to 
and including EUR 199,000 and no Notes in definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above EUR 199,000. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or 
that neither the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially 
be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, 
for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the 
Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, 
then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, 
in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in 
respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note at 
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
When the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, Notes may only be 
issued in denominations which are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only 
be traded in such amounts, whether in global or definitive form. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent 
Global Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or

--- Page 44 ---
42 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note", then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or (b) an Event of Default as defined in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs 
and the Notes become due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
When the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the circumstance 
described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral 
multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in 
global or definitive form. As an exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note 
may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances described in (iii) above, Notes may be issued 
in denominations of EUR 100,000, plus integral multiples of EUR 1,000 in excess thereof up to 
and including EUR 199,000 and no Notes in definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above EUR 199,000. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will 
consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and 
the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
The Notes in global form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining 
thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code." 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, 
Coupon or Talon will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange 
or redemption of such Note, Coupon or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be 
characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated 
as ordinary income.

--- Page 45 ---
43 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme 
Leonardo – Società per azioni ("Issuer" or " Leonardo S.p.A." or "Leonardo") has 
established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance 
of up to EUR 4,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the "Notes"). The 
Notes are issued pursuant to Articles 2410 et seq. of the Italian Civil Code, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time. 
(b) 
Final Terms 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each, a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each, a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche 
is the subject of a set of final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and 
conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the 
event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement 
The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated issue and paying agency 
agreement dated 8 June 2022, as amended or supplemented from time to time (the 
"Agency Agreement"), between the Issuer, Société Générale Luxembourg as fiscal 
agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the paying agents named 
therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes 
any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with 
the Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes 
All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for 
inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set out below. Copies of Final Terms 
in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
(e) 
Summaries 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and are 
subject to its detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") and the 
holders of the related interest coupons, if any (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", 
respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for 
inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each 
of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.

--- Page 46 ---
44 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be 
obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 
2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as 
published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally 
in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following 
day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in 
which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds 
to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month;

--- Page 47 ---
45 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be 
the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last 
day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified 
number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such 
other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" means the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Consolidated Net Worth" means at any time the aggregate of: 
(i) 
the amount paid up or credited as paid up on the issued share capital of Leonardo; 
and 
(ii) 
the amount standing to the credit of the consolidated capital stock, retained 
earnings and legal reserves of Leonardo; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366; and (ii) the

--- Page 48 ---
46 
actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if "30/360 (Floating)" or "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is so specified, means the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, means the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
[
]
[
]
360
)
(
)
(
30
)
(
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
[
]
[
]
360
)
(
)
(
30
)
(
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 49 ---
47 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, means the number of days in the Interest 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on 
a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms provided that, in any case, such amount will be at least equal to the relevant par 
value; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Indebtedness for Borrowed Money" means any present or future indebtedness 
(whether being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (i) money 
borrowed, (ii) liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit or (iii) 
any notes, bonds, debentures or other securities offered, issued or distributed whether by 
way of public offer, private placing, or acquisition consideration and whether issued for 
cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other than cash; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date 
as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
[
]
[
]
360
)
(
)
(
30
)
(
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 50 ---
48 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention 
or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such 
dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months 
following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next Interest Payment Date (or, if the Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant 
redemption date); 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any 
successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Material Subsidiaries" means, in respect of any company at any particular time, any 
company more than 50 per cent of whose issued share capital (or equivalent) is then, 
directly or indirectly, owned by Leonardo, whose total revenues (consolidated in the case 
of a company which itself has subsidiaries within the meaning of Article 2359 of the Italian 
Civil Code) and total assets (consolidated in the case of a company which itself has 
subsidiaries within the meaning of Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code) equals or exceeds 
10 per cent of Leonardo's consolidated total revenues and consolidated total assets as 
calculated on the basis of its latest Statutory Accounts; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in

--- Page 51 ---
49 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of 
the European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in 
the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means Sydney and, in relation to New Zealand 
dollars, it means Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) 
by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing 
Noteholder upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to 
exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated 
or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Redemption Amount or such other amount in the 
nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. The term Reference 
Rate shall, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event under Condition 7(e)(i) 
(Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), include any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and shall, if a Benchmark Event should occur subsequently in respect of 
any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, also include any further Successor Rate or 
further Alternative Rate;

--- Page 52 ---
50 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, 
where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the 
Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date 
on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has 
not been received by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the 
full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means (a) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer 
which is in the form of, or represented by, any bond, note, debenture, certificate or other 
instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange 
or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market) and 
(b) any guarantee in respect of any such Relevant Indebtedness; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, the Reuter Money 3000 Service) specified as the 
Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other 
part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in 
each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information 
appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance 
including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of 
any jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms subject 
to a minimum denomination of EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) on the 
Relevant Issue Date; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 53 ---
51 
"Statutory Accounts" means the audited, consolidated financial statements of Leonardo 
which are prepared in accordance with accounting regulations, as interpreted by and 
integrated with the accounting principles established by the Italian accounting profession; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the Trans-European Automated 
Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System is open; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders 
are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes 
at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references 
to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 11 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other 
amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and any 
other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement; and 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Interpretation – Definitions) to have 
the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms give 
no such meaning or specify that such expression is "not applicable" then such 
expression is not applicable to the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Notes 
with more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Notes of another Specified Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons 
will pass by delivery. The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by 
law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless 
of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of 
any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such holder. No 
person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 
(or, where the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in 
such other currency), or if higher such as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency.

--- Page 54 ---
52 
4. 
Status 
The Notes constitute direct, general and unconditional obligations of the Issuer which will at all 
times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by mandatory 
provisions of applicable law. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall procure that 
no Material Subsidiary will, create or permit to subsist (other than by operation of law) any Security 
Interest upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues to 
secure any Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes 
equally and rateably therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Notes as may be 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders provided that nothing in this Condition 
5 (Negative Pledge) shall prevent (i) the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary from creating or 
permitting to subsist any Security Interest over any revenues or receivables which is created 
pursuant to any securitisation or like arrangement whereby in the event of a failure to repay 
amounts advanced in connection therewith or any interest thereon, the Person or Persons 
providing such finance are entitled to have recourse only to the revenues or receivables derived 
from the assets forming the subject of such securitisation or like arrangement and/or (ii) the Issuer 
from separating certain of its assets to designate them exclusively for the payment of debts 
incurred for a specific business and/or utilising revenues deriving from a specific business for the 
reimbursement of financings entered into to finance such business, in both cases pursuant to, 
and within the limits set forth in, Articles 2447-bis and following of the Italian Civil Code. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition 6 (both before and after before judgment) until whichever is the earlier 
of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the 
Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of 
the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the 
relevant Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified.

--- Page 55 ---
53 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of 
any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(1) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by 
such Global Note; or 
(2) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount. 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in 
definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the 
Specified Denomination without any further rounding. For this purpose a "sub-unit" 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, 
means one cent. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition 7 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) 
the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or 
on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default 
in payment). Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate 
of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following 
basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by

--- Page 56 ---
54 
reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to 
prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent 
will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference 
Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation 
Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of 
the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in 
the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the 
relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, 
that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an 
arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of 
the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for 
each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where 
"ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent

--- Page 57 ---
55 
for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
If the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, 
is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given to 
it in the ISDA Definitions;  
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, 
where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case 
may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then 
the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; 
and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Previous Day's Rate".

--- Page 58 ---
56 
(e) 
Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser) 
(i) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint as soon as reasonably practicable, at the 
Issuer's own expense, an Independent Adviser to determine as soon as 
reasonably practicable a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 7(e)(iii) below) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 7(e)(iv)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 7(e)(v)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 7(e) (Benchmark 
Replacement (Independent Adviser)) shall act in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the 
absence of bad faith, wilful default, gross negligence or fraud, the Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for 
any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection 
with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition (e) 
(Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)). 
(ii) 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 7(e) (Benchmark Replacement 
(Independent Adviser)) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Original Reference Rate applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall 
be equal to the Original Reference Rate last determined in relation to the Notes in 
respect of the preceding Interest Period (or if there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the rate of interest shall be the Original Reference Rate applicable 
to the first Interest Period). For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 7(e)(ii) shall 
apply to the relevant Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 7(e) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)). 
(iii) 
If the Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in 
good faith, determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 7(e)(iv)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part(s) thereof) for the relevant Interest Period 
and for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 7(e) (Benchmark Replacement 
(Independent Adviser)) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting 
the Successor Rate); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
7(e)(iv)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) 
for the relevant Interest Period and for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments 
of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 7(e) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) in the 
event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate). 
(iv) 
If the Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in 
good faith, determines in its discretion (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be)

--- Page 59 ---
57 
and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(v) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 7(e) (Benchmark Replacement 
(Independent Adviser)) and the Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner and in good faith, determines in its discretion (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following 
consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
7(e)(vi), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary 
these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from 
the date specified in such notice (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent 
shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such 
consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement required in order to give 
effect to this Condition 7(e) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser))). 
(vi) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(e) 
(Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any. 
(vii) 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Successor Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, 
(z) where applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific 
terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7(e) 
(Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)); and 
(B) 
certifying that (1) the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and (2) the intent of the drafting of such 
changes is solely to implement the relevant Benchmark Amendments. 
(viii) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark 
Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and Principal 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. 
(ix) 
Without prejudice to Conditions 7(e) (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v), the Original Reference 
Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 7(d) will continue to 
apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
As used in Condition 7(e) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the

--- Page 60 ---
58 
Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good 
faith, determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate), the Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner and in good faith, determines is customarily applied 
to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(C) 
(if no such recommendation has been made), the Independent Adviser, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, determines 
is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-
the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(D) 
(if the Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable manner 
and in good faith, determines that no such industry standard is recognised 
or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate 
to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good 
faith, determines in accordance with Condition 7(e)(iii) (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions – Benchmark Replacement) is in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate period and 
in the Specified Currency. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(e)(v) 
(Floating Rate Note Provisions – Benchmark Replacement). 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
it has ceased such Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or 
that it will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date") cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate (i) has been or will, by a 
Specified Future Date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate will, by a Specified 
Future Date, be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject

--- Page 61 ---
59 
to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of 
the Notes; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) 
such Original Reference Rate is or will by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"), be no longer representative of an underlying 
market or (ii) the methodology to calculate the Original Reference Rate 
has materially changed; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for any Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (as applicable) 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event 
is a public statement within sub-paragraph (B), (C), (D) or (E) above and the 
Specified Future Date in the public statement is more than six months after the 
date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur 
until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise 
in the international capital markets appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) on the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (1) the central bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (2) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (3) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities 
or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or 
be less than the minimum so specified. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest

--- Page 62 ---
60 
Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(1) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note; or 
(2) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note 
in definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the 
manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
(h) 
Calculation of other amounts 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times 
at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant 
amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(i) 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined 
by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required 
to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if 
any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as 
soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of 
the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
relevant Interest Period. 
(j) 
Notifications etc. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7 
(Floating Rate Note Provisions) by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero 
Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 63 ---
61 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly 
withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the 
sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day 
on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or 
on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the 
Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest 
accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(1) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of Italy, or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations where such change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche 
of the Notes; and 
(2) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it; 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment 
in respect of the Notes was then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment 
in respect of the Notes was then due.

--- Page 64 ---
62 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent: (1) a certificate signed 
by any authorised director of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent 
to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (2) an opinion of independent 
legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon 
the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 
9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(i) 
Issuer Call: If the Call Option (as defined herein) is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the then outstanding Notes may be redeemed at the 
option (the "Call Option") of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified 
in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to (but excluding) such 
date). 
(ii) 
Make-Whole Issuer Call: If the Make-Whole Issuer Call (as defined herein) is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, at its 
option (the "Make-Whole Issuer Call"), redeem at any time in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part the Notes then outstanding at an 
amount equal to the Make-Whole Amount, having given not less than 25 days 
nor more than 60 days prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption, (such date the "Make-Whole Optional Redemption 
Date")). 
In this Condition 9(c)(ii) (Make-Whole Issuer Call): 
"Make-Whole Amount" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the higher of: 
a) 
100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed; or 
b) 
as determined by the Reference Dealers (as defined below), the sum of 
the then current values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal 
and interest (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the Make-Whole Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the 
Make-Whole Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the 
actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) 
by 366) at the Reference Dealer Rate (as defined below) plus the 
Redemption Margin, 
plus, in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-
Whole Optional Redemption Date. 
"Redemption Margin" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Dealers" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 65 ---
63 
"Reference Dealer Rate" means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the 
Make-Whole Optional Redemption Date, the average of at least three quotations 
of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Bond or, if the 
Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable 
judgement of the Reference Dealers at 11.00 a.m. London time on the third 
business day in London preceding the Make-Whole Optional Redemption Date 
quoted in writing to the Issuer by the Reference Dealers. 
(d) 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
If the Clean-up Call Option (defined herein) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, in the event that at least 80 per cent. of the initial aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes has been purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at 
its option (the "Clean-Up Call Option") but subject to having given not less than fifteen 
(15) nor more than thirty (30) days' notice to the Noteholders, redeem all, but not some 
only, of the outstanding Notes; provided that the Notes in that Series that are no longer 
outstanding have not been redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9(c)(ii) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer – Make-Whole Issuer 
Call). Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their principal amount together with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer from three months prior to the Maturity Date 
of the relevant Notes 
If this Three-Month par Call Option (as defined herein) is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, at any time during the period starting three 
months prior to (but excluding) the relevant Maturity Date, at its option ("Three-Month par 
Call Option"), having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the relevant 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all, but not some only, of the 
relevant Notes, at their principal amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, 
the date fixed for redemption. 
(f) 
Partial redemption 
If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 
9(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer) items (i) and 
(ii), the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be selected individually by lot, in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the 
rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, 
not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being 
hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period 
from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption 
pursuant to Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
(g) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders 
If the Put Option (defined herein) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note (the "Put Option") 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put 
Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if 
any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(g) 
(Redemption at the option of Noteholders), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other

--- Page 66 ---
64 
period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms), deposit with any Paying Agent 
such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put 
Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which 
a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing 
Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
accordance with this Condition 9(g) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), may be 
withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation 
of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the 
redemption monies is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail 
notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given 
by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its 
Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the 
relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying 
Agent in accordance with this Condition 9(g) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), 
the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder 
of such Note for all purposes. 
(h) 
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
Conditions 9(a) (Redemption and Purchase – Scheduled redemption) to 9(f) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption at the option of Noteholders). 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note 
becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of 
this Condition 9(i) (Purchase) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(j) 
Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market 
or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased 
therewith. Where permitted by applicable law and regulation, all Notes purchased 
pursuant to this Condition 9(j) may be cancelled or held, reissued or resold at the 
discretion of the relevant purchaser. 
(k) 
Cancellation 
All Notes so redeemed and all Notes so purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
and surrendered for cancellation, in each case together with any unmatured Coupons 
attached to or surrendered with them, shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or 
resold.

--- Page 67 ---
65 
10. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal 
Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due 
on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, 
any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the 
payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a 
sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest 
Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 10(h) (Payments – Payments other than 
in respect of matured Coupons), be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in Condition 10(a) 
(Payments – Principal). 
(c) 
Payments in New York City 
Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent 
in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of 
the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due 
when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying 
Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions 
and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or 
other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 11 (Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable 
and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the 
amount of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the 
missing Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that if the gross amount available for payment is less than 
the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion 
of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of 
principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such 
missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount 
of principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-
paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to 
become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and

--- Page 68 ---
66 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, 
the amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount 
of principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross 
amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate 
amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of 
principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for 
payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in 
Condition 10(a) (Payments – Principal) above against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(f) (Unmatured Coupons void) 
is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for 
final redemption of any Note or early redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 9(b) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9(c) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9(d) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Clean-up Call Option), Condition 9(e) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer from three months prior to the Maturity Date of the 
relevant Notes), Condition 9(f) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders), or Condition 12 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto 
(whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect 
thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a 
Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business 
Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in 
respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons 
Payments of interest other than in respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against 
presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (or in New York City if permitted by Condition 10(c) above) (Payments – 
Payments in New York City). 
(i) 
Partial payments 
If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon presented 
to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the 
amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons 
On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of issue) part 
of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet 
(including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which 
claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 13 (Prescription)). Upon the due 
date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall 
become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon.

--- Page 69 ---
67 
11. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Italy or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
of such amounts as would have been received by them if no such withholding or deduction 
had been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of 
any Note or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having 
some connection with the Republic of Italy other than the mere holding of such 
Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
by any Noteholder who would be entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction 
by making a declaration of residence or non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption and fails to do so; or 
(iii) 
in relation to any payment or deduction on principal, interest or other proceeds of 
any Note or Coupon on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 239, as amended or supplemented from time to time; or 
(iv) 
in the Republic of Italy; or 
(v) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant 
holder would have been entitled to such additional amounts if it had presented 
such Note or Coupon on the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(vi) 
by, or on behalf of a holder of a Note or Coupon being a resident of the Republic 
of Italy; or 
(vii) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian 
resident individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts are paid to a non-
Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in 
a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the 
Republic of Italy; or 
(viii) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment pursuant to 
FATCA. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction 
If the Issuer takes any action or allows something to be done to it which results in it being 
subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy, references in 
these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to the Republic 
of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction.

--- Page 70 ---
68 
12. 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur and be 
continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment 
the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes or any of them within 
3 days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect 
of the Notes or any of them within 7 days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations 
default is made by the Issuer in the performance or observance of any obligation, 
condition or provision binding on the Issuer under the Notes (other than any obligation for 
payment of any principal or interest in respect of the Notes) and (except in any case where 
the default is incapable of remedy when no continuation or notice as is hereinafter 
mentioned will be required) such default continues for 30 days after written notice thereof 
to the Issuer requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
Cross-Default 
any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary becomes 
due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (howsoever described) 
or the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to make any payment in respect of any 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for payment (as extended by any 
originally applicable grace period), or any security given by the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes enforceable by reason of 
an event of default (howsoever described), or if default is made by the Issuer or any 
Material Subsidiary in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity 
given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other person (as 
extended by any originally applicable grace period), provided that no such event shall 
constitute an Event of Default unless the aggregate Indebtedness for Borrowed Money 
relating to all such events which shall have occurred and be continuing shall amount to at 
least EUR 30,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency); or 
(d) 
Insolvency 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary shall be adjudicated or becomes insolvent or shall 
stop payment or announce that it shall stop payment or shall be found by a court or similar 
body of competent jurisdiction to be unable to pay its debts, or any order shall be made 
by any competent court or other competent body (unless such order is being contested in 
good faith and is not dismissed within 240 days) for, or any resolution shall be passed by 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary for, judicial composition proceedings with its 
creditors or for the appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver or trustee or other 
similar official in insolvency proceedings in relation to the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary; or 
(e) 
Unsatisfied judgment 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to pay a final judgment of a court of competent 
jurisdiction within 60 days from the receipt of a notice that a final judgment in excess of 
an amount equal to the value of a substantial part of the assets or property of the Issuer 
or any Material Subsidiary has been entered against it or an execution is levied on or 
enforced upon or sued out in pursuance of any such judgment against any substantial 
part of the assets or property of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary; or 
(f) 
Winding up etc. 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary shall be wound up or dissolved (otherwise than for 
the purpose of a solvent amalgamation, merger or reconstruction under which the assets

--- Page 71 ---
69 
and liabilities of the Issuer or the Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, are assumed 
by the entity resulting from such amalgamation, merger or reconstruction and, in the case 
of the Issuer, such entity assumes the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
and an opinion of an independent legal adviser of recognised standing in the Republic of 
Italy and in the relevant jurisdiction of incorporation in the case of the Material Subsidiary 
has been delivered to the Fiscal Agent confirming the same prior to the effective date of 
such amalgamation, merger or reconstruction); or 
(g) 
Cessation of business 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary shall cease or announce that it shall cease to carry 
on its business (otherwise than for the purpose of a solvent amalgamation, merger or 
reconstruction under which the assets and liabilities of the Issuer or the Material 
Subsidiary are assumed by the entity resulting from such amalgamation, merger or 
reconstruction and, in the case of the Issuer, such entity assumes the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes and an opinion of an independent legal adviser of 
recognised standing in the Republic of Italy and in the relevant jurisdiction of incorporation 
in the case of the Material Subsidiary has been delivered to the Fiscal Agent confirming 
the same prior to the effective date of such amalgamation, merger or reconstruction); or 
(h) 
Analogous event 
any event occurs which under the laws of the Republic of Italy or the relevant jurisdiction 
of incorporation of the relevant Material Subsidiary has an analogous effect to any of the 
events referred to in Conditions 12(d) (Events of Default – Insolvency) to 12(g) (Events of 
Default – Cessation of business) above; or 
(i) 
Failure to take action etc 
any action, condition or thing at any time after the Issue Date required to be taken, fulfilled 
or done in order to ensure that the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are legal, 
valid, binding and enforceable is not taken, fulfilled or done, 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Fiscal Agent, declare any Notes held by 
the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and 
payable at the Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of 
repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
13. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within 
ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the 
relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
14. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires 
the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified 
Office in the place required by the rules of such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in 
connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and 
otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the

--- Page 72 ---
70 
Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation 
Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or 
Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying 
Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by the rules of such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or the Calculation Agent or in their Specified 
Offices shall promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
16. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes and affecting their 
interest, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such 
modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
schedules of the Agency Agreement). In relation to the convening of meetings, quorums 
and the majorities required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution, the relevant provisions 
set forth in the Agency Agreement shall apply in respect of the Notes but are subject to 
compliance with mandatory laws, legislation, rules and regulations of Italy and the by-laws 
of Leonardo in force from time to time (including, without limitation, Legislative Decree No. 
58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Financial Services Act")) and shall be 
deemed to be amended, replaced and supplemented to the extent that such laws, 
legislation, rules and regulations and the by-laws of Leonardo are amended at any time 
while the Notes remain outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting 
of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present 
at the meeting whether or not voting or irrespective of how their vote was cast at such 
meeting and on all Couponholders and any modification shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Noteholders' Representative: A representative of the Noteholders (rappresentante 
comune) (the "Noteholders' Representative"), subject to applicable provisions of Italian 
law, may be appointed pursuant to Article 2417 of the Italian Civil Code in order to 
represent the Noteholders' interests under these Conditions and to give effect to 
resolutions passed at a meeting of the Noteholders. If the Noteholders' Representative is 
not appointed by a meeting of such Noteholders, the Noteholders' Representative shall 
be appointed by a decree of the court where the Issuer has its registered office at the 
request of one or more Noteholders or at the request of the directors of the Issuer. The 
Noteholders' Representative shall remain appointed for a maximum period of three years 
but may be reappointed again thereafter and shall have the powers and duties set out in 
Article 2418 of the Italian Civil Code. 
(b) 
Modification 
The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. The parties to the Agency Agreement 
may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties,

--- Page 73 ---
71 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. In addition, the parties to the 
Agency Agreement may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, to modify any provision thereof if it is made to comply with mandatory 
laws, legislation, rules and regulations of the Republic of Italy and (to the extent permitted 
under applicable Italian law) the Issuer's by-laws applicable to the convening of meetings, 
quorums and the majorities required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution and entered into 
force at any time while the Notes remain outstanding. Furthermore, the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to such modification as 
set out in Condition 7(e)(v) (Floating Rate Note Provisions – Benchmark Replacement). 
Any such modification or correction shall be binding on the Noteholders and 
Couponholders and shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or, where applicable, 
the Couponholders, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the issue price and/or the first payment of 
interest) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
18. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid, unless differently established by law, if published in a 
leading English language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the 
Financial Times) and, if the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of The Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of 
applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg 
(which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading 
English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more 
than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the 
required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. In addition to the above publications, with respect 
to notices for a meeting of Noteholders, any convening notice for such meeting shall be made in 
accordance with the relevant provisions of the Italian Civil Code, the Financial Services Act and 
Leonardo's by-laws. 
19. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in 
which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another 
currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of: (a) making or filing a claim or proof against 
the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any 
order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each 
Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to 
the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of 
any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in 
question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at 
which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with 
the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any 
such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action. 
20. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified 
in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such

--- Page 74 ---
72 
calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point (with 0.000005 per cent being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent), (b) all United States dollar 
amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one 
half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) 
all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
21. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with English law. Condition 
16 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver) and the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement concerning the meetings of Noteholders and the appointment of a 
Noteholders' Representative are subject to compliance with Italian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of England shall have 
jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings, and to settle any 
disputes, which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes (including a dispute 
relating to the existence, validity or termination of the Notes or any non-contractual 
obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes) (respectively, "Proceedings" 
and "Disputes") and, for such purposes, irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such 
courts. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum 
The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or hereafter have to the 
courts of England being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings 
and to settle any Disputes, and agrees not to claim that any such court is not a convenient 
or appropriate forum. 
(d) 
Process agent 
The Issuer agrees that the process by which any Proceedings in England are begun may 
be served on it by being delivered to it at Leonardo UK Ltd at One Eagle Place, London, 
SW1Y 6AF, or, if different, its registered office for the time being or at any address of the 
Issuer in Great Britain at which process may be served on it in accordance with the 
Companies Act 2006. If such Person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept 
service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the written demand of any 
Noteholder addressed to it and delivered to it or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, 
appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, failing 
such appointment within 30 days from receipt of notice, any Noteholder shall be entitled 
to appoint such a Person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent provided that there shall never be 
more than one process agent appointed at any one time. Nothing in this paragraph (d) 
shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by 
law. 
(e) 
Non-exclusivity 
The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of England shall not (and shall not be 
construed so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder to take Proceedings in any other court 
of competent jurisdiction in (i) any Member State of the European Union; or (ii) the 
jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer from time to time, nor shall the taking of 
Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any 
of the aforementioned jurisdictions (whether concurrently or not) if and to the extent 
permitted by law.

--- Page 75 ---
73 
(f) 
Consent to enforcement etc. 
To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Issuer consents generally in respect of any 
Proceedings to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in connection with such 
Proceedings including (without limitation) the making, enforcement or execution against 
any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or judgment 
which is made or given in such Proceedings. 
(g) 
Waiver of immunity 
To the extent that the Issuer may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its assets or revenues 
immunity from suit, execution, attachment (whether in aid of execution, before judgment 
or otherwise) or other legal process and to the extent that such immunity (whether or not 
claimed) may be attributed in any such jurisdiction to the Issuer or its assets or revenues, 
the Issuer agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the full extent 
permitted by the laws of such jurisdiction.

--- Page 76 ---
74 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
MIFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any distributor (as defined above) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the COBS is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 77 ---
75 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Leonardo – Società per azioni 
(Issuer LEI 529900X4EEX1U9LN3U39) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions set 
forth in the base prospectus dated 8 June 2022 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus 
dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"),(the 
"Conditions"), for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document contains the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Full information on the Issuer and the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of a 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for 
viewing at the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (http://www.bourse.lu) and copies may 
be obtained from Leonardo – Società per azioni at Piazza Monte Grappa, 4, 00195 Rome and 
from the Fiscal Agent, Société Générale Luxembourg at 11 avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 
Luxembourg and the Paying Agent, Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme at 
69 route d'Esch, L-2953 Luxembourg. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number:  
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [●] on [[●]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 24 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [●].] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [●]]

--- Page 78 ---
76 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
 
(Note – The Issuer may issue Notes with a single 
Specified Denomination i.e. EUR 100,000, and 
multiples thereof.) 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
EUR 100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following wording should be used: "EUR 100,000 
and integral amounts of EUR 1,000 in excess 
thereof up to and including EUR 199,000. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above EUR 199,000".) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date (if different from the 
Issue Date): 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
 
(Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent Fixed Rate] 
 
 
 
[EURIBOR +/- [●] per cent Floating Rate] 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
 
(Further particulars specified below) 
 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [[●] per cent of their nominal 
amount / par]. 
(Note – Such amount being at least equal to the 
par value of such Notes.) 
10. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
 
 
[Call Option] 
 
 
[Make-Whole Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
 
 
[Three-Month par Call Option] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)]

--- Page 79 ---
77 
12. 
[Date of [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[●] registered with the Companies' Registry of 
[Rome] on [●]. (N.B. only relevant where Board 
(or similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular tranche of Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
"Business Day"]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Fixed Coupon Amount for a 
short or long Interest Period 
("Broken Amount(s)"): 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with 
the Fixed Coupon Amount(s)) 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/360 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
30/360 (Floating) 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (Consider what should happen to 
unmatured Coupons in the event of early 
redemption of the Notes.) / [Not Applicable] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph.) 
 
(iv) Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Specified Period(s): 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable/[●] [, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention 
set out in (iv) below]] 
 
(vii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/No Adjustment/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[●]

--- Page 80 ---
78 
 
(ix) Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(x) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(xi) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[Not Applicable/[●] shall be the Calculation 
Agent] (no need to specify if the Fiscal Agent is 
to perform this function)  
 
(xii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
EURIBOR 
 
• 
Reference Banks: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] [the second day on which the TARGET 
system is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (For example, Reuters EURIBOR01) 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
(For 
example, 
11:00 
a.m. 
London 
time/Brussels time) 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[●] (For example, London/Euro-zone (where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of 
countries whose lawful currency is the euro) 
 
(xiii) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected 
from one of: EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 
ISDA Definitions apply) and EUR-EURIBOR (if 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) (each as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions). These are the options 
envisaged by the terms and conditions) 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (iv) above and as specified 
in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
(xiv) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)]

--- Page 81 ---
79 
 
(xv) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent per annum 
 
(xvi) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] / Not Applicable 
 
(xvii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]/ Not Applicable 
 
(xviii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/360 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
30/360 (Floating) 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 15.) 
 
(i) Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent per annum 
 
(ii) Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Day Count Fraction in 
relation to Early Redemption 
Amounts: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/360 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
30/360 (Floating) 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 16) 
 
(i) Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount 
and 
method, 
if 
any, 
of 
calculation of such amount(s):  
[[Specify amount] (If Notes are represented by a 
Global Note)/ [●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iii) Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●]per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●]per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions):  
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
[Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 5 clearing system business days'

--- Page 82 ---
80 
notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
17. 
Make-Whole Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 17) 
 
(i) 
Redemption Margin 
[[●] per cent.] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Bond: 
[insert applicable reference bond]  
 
(iii) 
Reference Dealers: 
[[●]] 
 
(iv) 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●]per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●]per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
18. 
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
19. 
Three-Month par Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
20. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 20) 
 
(i) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
(iii) Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions):  
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
[Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Agent) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
22. 
Early Redemption Amount 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[Not Applicable / (specify)] 
(State "Not Applicable" if both the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax) and the Early 
Redemption Amount are the principal amount of 
the 
Notes. 
Otherwise, 
specify 
the 
Early

--- Page 83 ---
81 
Redemption Amount (Tax) and/or the Early 
Redemption Amount if different from the principal 
amount of the Notes) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on [●] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note.]  
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days' notice.]  
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
25. 
New Global Note Form: 
[Yes/No] 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] (Note that this item relates to 
the place of payment, and not interest period end 
dates, to which item 14(vi), relates) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are left.] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.]1 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By:  ....................................................................  
Duly authorised 
 
 
1 
Include where any information sourced from a third party has been reproduced, and provide necessary details.

--- Page 84 ---
82 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Luxembourg/other (specify)/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange with effect from [●].] [Application 
is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[●] with effect from [●].]/ [other (specify)]/ [Not 
Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[●]  
2. 
RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated.] 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
 
[Standard & Poor's: [●]] 
 
 
[Fitch Ratings:[●]] 
 
 
[Moody's: [●]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a 
credit 
rating 
agency 
established 
and 
registered in the UK or certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA

--- Page 85 ---
83 
Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation but 
has applied for registration and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK 
or certified under the UK CRA Regulation  
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation"), 
although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the 
[relevant 
competent 
authority] 
/[European 
Securities and Markets Authority]. [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of 
the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The 
rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency

--- Page 86 ---
84 
established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
not applied for registration and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK 
or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and is neither registered nor has it 
applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation (UK)").] /[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a 
credit 
rating 
agency 
established 
and 
registered in the EEA or certified under the 
EU CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular

--- Page 87 ---
85 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to the 
Notes to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or 
the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a 
CRA which is established and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation AND/OR under 
the UK CRA Regulation  
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given 
to the Notes to be issued under the Programme 
is endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or 
the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation but CRA is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation AND/OR under the UK CRA 
Regulation  
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but is certified under 
[Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation")][and][Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the

--- Page 88 ---
86 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").] 
 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA 
or the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK and is not certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in either the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicts of interest, that is material 
to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the statement below: 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates (including parent companies) have engaged, and 
may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates (including parent 
companies) in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests)] 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need 
for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
[Fixed rate notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[[●]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 89 ---
87 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat 
as necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks) 
of 
the 
Benchmark Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, 
as 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmark Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, 
such that [name of administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV [,/and] Clearstream 
Banking, 
société anonyme and the relevant 
identification 
numbers: 
[Not Applicable/(give name(s), number(s) and 
addresses)] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 90 ---
88 
 
(a) Names and addresses of 
Managers and underwriting 
commitments: 
[●] 
 
(b) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S compliance category: 2 / TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D / TEFRA Not Applicable] 
7. 
USE 
OF 
PROCEEDS 
AND 
ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF 
PROCEEDS 
 
 
Use of proceeds: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in Base Prospectus/Give 
details] [If reasons differ from what is disclosed 
in the Base Prospectus give details here.] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 91 ---
89 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN 
GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes 
represented by a Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to 
"Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the 
Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common 
safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may 
be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each, an 
"Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such 
other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each 
payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights 
arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders 
may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective rules 
and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing 
system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under 
the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the 
Global Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall procure: 
(a) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such 
Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of an NGN, effectuated, to 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such 
Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in the case 
of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note at the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note at 
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof 
increased by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary 
Global Note has requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for Definitive Notes; or

--- Page 92 ---
90 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of a Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the 
amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the 
bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary 
Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or 
increase the principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have 
no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note or others may have under a deed of covenant dated 8 June 2022 (the "Deed of 
Covenant") executed by the Issuer). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being 
entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those 
rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note 
became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note at 
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the 
Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for 
payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global 
Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of 
the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of 
Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Permanent Global Note 
will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, 
immediately before the Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the holders of 
Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as 
they apply to the Global Note. The following is an overview of certain of those provisions:

--- Page 93 ---
91 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in 
the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global 
Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the 
corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a 
payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure 
that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the 
payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(g) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption at the option of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global 
Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and 
put notice (in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or other relevant clearing system), give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent 
specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any 
such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 
9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent 
Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided 
in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either 
a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 18 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and 
the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note 
are) deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Noteholders for the purposes of Condition 18 (Notices) on the 
date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall be published 
in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be 
Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(http://www.bourse.lu/). 
Payment Business Day: Notwithstanding the definition of "Payment Business Day" in Condition 
2(a) (Interpretation – Definitions), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note 
(or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global 
Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, "Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is, in the case of payment by transfer 
to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre.

--- Page 94 ---
92 
LEONARDO AND THE LEONARDO GROUP 
OVERVIEW 
Leonardo – Società per azioni ("Leonardo") is a company limited by shares (società per azioni) 
incorporated and operating under Italian law. Its registered office and headquarters are in Piazza 
Monte Grappa 4, 00195 Rome, Italy and it is registered with the Companies’ Register of Rome 
under number 00401990585, Fiscal Code and VAT Number 00881841001. Leonardo may be 
contacted by telephone on +39 06 324731, by fax on +39 06 324731 and by e mail 
(ir@leonardo.com). Pursuant to its bylaws, Leonardo’s term of incorporation is until 31 December 
2090, subject to extension. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 
529900X4EEX1U9LN3U39. 
The Issuer's website is https://www.leonardo.com/en/home. 
Leonardo is the parent company of the group consisting of Leonardo and its subsidiaries 
(collectively, the "Leonardo Group" or, alternatively, the "Group"). 
The Leonardo Group is among the top ten global players in aerospace, defence and security and 
Italy’s main industrial company in such sectors. As a single entity, the Leonardo Group operates 
mainly in four sectors (Helicopters, Aeronautics, Defence Electronics & Security, and Space (for 
further information, see "Organisation and Structure – Sectors" below)) and from February 2019 
is organised into five business divisions: Helicopters; Aircraft; Aerostructures; Electronics and 
Cyber Security.  
The Group operates both in Italy and abroad through subsidiaries, joint ventures and partnerships. 
Leonardo has a large industrial base in Italy, the United Kingdom, the United States and Poland, 
and has also established its industrial and commercial presence in many countries around the 
world including, through strategic cooperation and partnership agreements, the world’s main high-
potential markets. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Leonardo has a share capital of EUR 2,543,861,738.00 
divided into No. 578,150,395 ordinary shares having a nominal value of EUR 4.4 each. 
Since 2000, the ordinary shares of Leonardo have been listed on the Euronext Milano (formerly 
Mercato Telematico Azionario), the screen-based market operated by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., and 
they are also included in the FTSE MIB stock index. 
Approximately 30.204 per cent of Leonardo’s share capital is directly owned by the Italian Ministry 
of Economy and Finance and the remaining part is publicly. For further information on the Issuer’s 
shareholders, see “- Shareholders” below. 
The following table contains the key financial and operating data relating to the Group’s operations 
for the periods indicated. 
 
Year ended and as at 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
 
(EUR million, unless otherwise stated) 
New orders(1) 
13,754 
14,307 
Order backlog(2) 
35,516 
35,534 
Revenue 
13,410 
14,135 
EBITDA(3) 
1,458 
1,626 
EBITA (4) 
938 
1,123 
ROS (5) 
7.0% 
7.9% 
EBIT (6) 
517 
911 
EBIT MARGIN(7) 
3.9% 
6.4% 
Net result before extraordinary transactions (8) 
241 
587 
Net result(9) 
243 
587 
Group Net Debt (10) 
3,318 
3,122 
FOCF (11) 
40 
209 
ROI (12) 
11.3% 
12.4%

--- Page 95 ---
93 
Source: Leonardo 2021 integrated annual report. 
(1) 
New orders include contracts entered into with customers during the period that have commercial substance 
and represent an obligation for both parties to fulfil the contract. 
(2) 
Order backlog is the sum of the order backlog for the preceding period and new orders, less revenues during 
the reference period. 
(3) 
The Group has calculated EBITDA as EBITA, before amortisation (excluding amortisation of intangible assets 
from business combinations), depreciation and impairment losses (net of those relating to goodwill or classified 
among "non-recurring costs"). 
(4) 
The Group has calculated EBITA by eliminating from EBIT, as defined below, the following items: (i) any 
impairment in goodwill; (ii) amortisation and impairment, if any, of the portion of the purchase price allocated to 
intangible assets as part of business combinations, as required by IFRS 3; (iii) restructuring costs that are a part 
of defined and significant plans. This item includes personnel costs as well as any and all other costs deriving 
from the reorganisation (e.g. impairment of assets, costs for the closure of sites, relocation costs, etc.); (iv) other 
non-recurring or unusual costs or income, i.e. connected to particularly significant or exceptional events that are 
not related to the ordinary performance of the business. The item includes charges incurred during M&A 
transactions, charges linked to disposed businesses and/or products and systems, and the recognition of losses 
on contracts that have become onerous as a result of non-operating events. 
(5) 
ROS is calculated as the ratio of EBITA to revenue. 
(6) 
EBIT is obtained by adding to income before tax and financial expense (defined as earnings before “financial 
income and expense”, “share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investees”, “income taxes” and “Profit (loss) 
from discontinued operations”) the Group’s share of profit in the results of its strategic Joint Ventures (ATR, 
MBDA, Thales Alenia Space and Telespazio), reported in the “share of profits (losses) of equity-accounted 
investees”. 
(7) 
EBIT margin is calculated as the ratio of EBIT to revenue. 
(8) 
Net result before extraordinary transactions is the Net Result before the result from discontinued operations and 
the effects of the extraordinary transactions (key acquisitions and disposals). 
(9) 
Net result is the net profit/(loss) for the period. 
(10) 
Group Net Debt includes cash, financial receivables and current securities, net of (current and non-current) 
loans and borrowings and of the fair value of foreign exchange derivatives covering financial debt items, as well 
as the main non-current receivables. 
(11) 
FOCF is the sum of the cash flows generated by (used in) operating activities (excluding the changes in the 
Group Net Debt), the cash flows generated by (used in) ordinary investing activities (investment and divestment 
of intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, and equity investments, net of cash flows from the purchase 
or sale of equity investments that, due to their nature or significance, are considered "strategic investments") 
and dividends received. 
(12) 
ROI is calculated as the ratio of EBITA to the average net capital invested in the two comparative periods. 
See the section entitled ""Non-GAAP" alternative performance indicators" (pages 62-65) of the 
report on operations at 31 December 2021 and the section entitled ""Non-GAAP" alternative 
performance indicators" (pages 52-55) of the report on operations at 31 December 2020 for a 
further description of the alternative performance indicators set out in the relevant consolidated 
financial statements. 
The following graphs show the performance of the Group’s ratios in the last 4 years, highlighting 
the continued growth achieved by the Group with results above pre-pandemic levels, net of the 
Covid-19 impact on the civil aviation segment. 
 
 
12.240
13.784
13.410
14.135
12.000
13.000
14.000
15.000
2018
2019
2020
2021
Revenues 2018-2021
36.118
36.513
35.516
35.534
15.124
14.105
13.754
14.307
5.000
10.000
15.000
20.000
25.000
30.000
35.000
2018
2019
2020
2021
Orders and backlog 2018-2021
Order backlog
New orders
1.155
1.262
1.024
1.326
1.120
1.251
938
1.123
800
900
1.000
1.100
1.200
1.300
1.400
2018
2019
2020
2021
EBITA 2018-2021
Pro-forma

--- Page 96 ---
94 
 
Note: The figure of new orders in 2018 was particularly high due to the acquisition by the helicopters division of the NH 
90 Quatar contract. 
HISTORY OF THE LEONARDO GROUP 
The history of the current Leonardo began in 1948 with the incorporation by IRI (Istituto per la 
Ricostruzione Industriale, a holding company for Italian state-owned companies) of Società 
Finanziaria Meccanica – Finmeccanica Società per azioni, as the holding company for the Italian 
government’s automotive, mechanical, electro-mechanical and shipyard industrial activities. In 
1987 the activities of Società Finanziaria Meccanica – Finmeccanica Società per azioni were 
contributed to a new company named Finmeccanica – Società Finanziaria per azioni, 
incorporated on 21 May 1987. By the late 1980s, the company’s range of activities included 
aerospace, automated factories, command and control systems, missile systems, biomedical 
apparatus, robotics, microelectronic components, alongside its original areas of activity. In 1992, 
Finmeccanica – Società Finanziaria per azioni was merged into Società Immobiliare e Finanziaria 
per Azioni or SIFA, a company created in 1897 which then changed its name to Finmeccanica – 
Società per azioni and was listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (now, Euronext Milan). In 2000, 
IRI sold over 50 per cent of its ordinary shares in an initial public offering. 
Consistent with the implementation of the new organisational and operational model of the One 
Company and the simultaneous replacement of the previous financial holding company model, in 
2016 Finmeccanica – Società per azioni changed its name to Leonardo – Società per azioni. On 
1 January 2016, the aforementioned organizational and operating model of the Group became 
legally effective. The new integrated management structure involved the concentration in 
Leonardo of the corporate sectors turning the operating subsidiaries into divisions of the One 
Company. The Group is now structured into five divisions (Helicopters, Aircraft, Aerostructures, 
Electronics and Cyber Security), which have been provided with powers and resources to ensure 
a complete end-to-end management of the related scope of business, with consequent full 
responsibility of the relevant income statement. On 1 February 2019, the new Electronics division 
and Cyber Security division became effective. According to the Group's One Company model, 
Leonardo’s divisions maintain full responsibility for their own economic results and business, with 
their own respective budgets and strategies. In January 2019, the acquisition of 100% of Vitrociset 
S.p.A. became effective and, in September 2021, the Leonardo’s Board of Directors approved 
the merger by way of incorporation of Vitrociset S.p.A. into the Issuer. 
In April 2020, Leonardo completed the acquisition of Kopter Group AG (Kopter) from Lynwood 
(Schweiz). The transaction allows Leonardo to further strengthen its worldwide leadership and 
position in the rotorcraft sector, in line with the Industrial Plan’s objectives for the reinforcement 
of the core businesses. 
In January 2021, Leonardo completed the acquisition from Square Lux Holding II S.à r.l., a 
portfolio company controlled by funds advised by Kohlberg Kravis & Roberts & Co. L.P, of 25.1% 
of the shares in Hensoldt AG (“Hensoldt”), a leading German player in the field of sensors for 
defence and security applications. This transaction is a step forward in helping to achieve 
Leonardo’s strategic objective of acquiring a leadership position in the European Defence 
Electronics market, and reflects Leonardo's determination to play an active role in the 
consolidation process underway, also in the light of future cooperation programmes in Europe. 
BE TOMORROW – LEONARDO 2030 STRATEGIC PLAN  
In 2020 Leonardo launched a renewed strategic vision projected to the next 10 years, also with 
the aim of adapting cyclically and with the necessary flexibility to the changing scenario, 
leveraging its technological skills, as well as human and intellectual capital. 
This vision is expressed by the "Be Tomorrow – Leonardo 2030" plan which identifies a clear 
strategic path based on three main pillars: 
• 
Strengthen Our Core – further developing the business and core activities, also through 
a more focused and coherent portfolio:

--- Page 97 ---
95 
‒ 
increasing volumes in strategic areas, in particular Helicopters, Electronics, Cyber 
and unmanned vehicles, to establish leadership position at international level; and 
‒ 
further strengthening the Group’s presence in global markets; 
• 
Transform to Grow – making the organisation more modern and flexible adopting 
innovative business models: 
‒ 
diversifying the portfolio of activities to meet the challenges of the new decade, 
enhancing the cross functional and distinctive skills: e.g. digitisation, command and 
control, connectivity and cyber security; 
‒ 
responding more effectively to customer needs, through the dissemination of 
innovative 
service-based 
offer 
models 
(X-as-a-service), 
the 
continuous 
measurement of customer satisfaction, excellence in simulation & training solutions 
and systems; and 
‒ 
investing in people and skills to support business ambitions; 
• 
Master the New – Innovate and create new technologies and new high-tech markets:  
‒ 
through the Leonardo labs, technological incubators for the development of 
innovative and transversal skills to the corporate sectors; 
‒ 
increasing the share of investments in research activities, aligning it with the main 
competitors; and 
‒ 
focusing on intelligent autonomous systems to achieve European leadership in 
remotely piloted aircraft systems (RPAS). 
Leonardo, as an industrial and technological leader intends to act as an engine for development, 
to contribute to security and progress at the global level by (i) contributing to pan-European digital 
independence and autonomy, (ii) supporting technological sovereignty as an essential condition 
for the development of the Country and of the Issuer itself, (iii) promoting a renewed approach to 
sustainability in terms of technological and process innovation, inspired by the United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals and the recent guidelines of the European Green Deal and (iv) 
developing new skills, both in the civil and the military domain, to respond to the challenges posed 
by the complexity of the digital age (e.g. interdependence, interrelation and evolutionary speed). 
Leonardo intends to pursue these strategic priorities, confirming its medium-long term positioning 
objectives with the ambition of being, in 2030, a company that is: 
• 
solid: investment grade; profitable, amongst its top peers for cash conversion; customer 
centric, focused on a partnership approach with customers and institutions; 
• 
global: global leader in helicopters and in simulation and training solutions; European 
leader in defence electronics; key player in international cooperation programmes in 
aircraft; European key player in Unmanned solutions in all operational domains; partner of 
institutions for safety and security; key partner of big primes and the US Department of 
Defence to consolidate presence in the country 
• 
innovation driver: fully digitalised in engineering, production and offering; able to drive 
and to manage an eco-system on transversal technological trends; reference point for 
“green” innovation 
With these purposes the Group was focused on the execution of its strategic plan during 2021. 
In fact, Leonardo was able to respond promptly and effectively to the challenges imposed by a 
pandemic that is still underway and intends to continue decisively with the execution of the 
strategic projects already started, constantly monitoring its implementation through a digital tool 
already in action.

--- Page 98 ---
96 
 
LEONARDO FOR THE NATIONAL RECOVERY AND RESILIENCE PLAN (PNRR) 
During 2021 Leonardo confirmed its role as Italy's partner in the digital, environmental and 
industrial transition, in line with the requirements of the Be Tomorrow - Leonardo 2030 Strategic 
Plan. The Group, through each of its divisions and companies, has the competencies required to 
tackle all six missions of the PNRR, involving private and public stakeholders. In particular, 
Leonardo has set out and is pursuing six clusters of interest: (i) global monitoring, (ii) logistics, (iii) 
space, (iv) digital public administration, (v) smart city and (vi) health systems, leveraging its core 
assets and distinctive competencies as enabling factors (cloud computing, high performance 
computing (HPC), artificial intelligence (AI) algorithms, predictive simulation capacity, tool for 
decision support, command and control tools, cyber security paradigms, space assets). Leonardo 
has developed more than 30 projects, from which about 20 potential opportunities have 
originated, within these six clusters. Cross-divisional integrated project teams have been created 
to strengthen the various projects in order to ensure the development and advancement of the 
related plans that are currently in the portfolio. In addition to the six vertical clusters, Leonardo 
intends to play a key role in supporting the Country with respect to the objectives set out in Mission 
4, Component 2, of the PNRR, which is aimed at supporting investments in research and 
Objectives 
to 2030 
Solid 
Investment grade 
Profitable  
Solid cash conversion capacity 
  
Global 
World leading company in Helicopters 
and 
in 
Simulation 
and 
Training 
solutions  
European 
leading 
company 
in 
Defence Electronics  
Leading 
player 
in 
international 
cooperation 
programmes 
in 
Aeronautics  
European key player in Unmanned 
systems and solutions in all domains  
Partner to Security Institutions  
Key Partner of Big Primes and US 
DoD for strengthening its footprint in 
the country 
  
Driver of innovation 
Completely 
digitalised 
in 
processes, 
production 
and 
offering  
Engine of an innovative eco-
system 
on 
transversal 
technology 
Leading benchmark in green 
innovation in the AD&S sector 
Work 
in 
progress 
2021 
 Operational continuity and 
employment 
levels 
were 
guaranteed during the health 
emergency 
 Excellent 
industrial 
and 
business performance 
 Capital and financial strength 
was preserved 
 Performance 
excellence 
projects started  
 The first two Eurofighter 
Typhoon 
aircraft 
were 
delivered to Kuwait 
 
Integration of Kopter  
 
Acquisition of 25.1% of Hensoldt 
AG (January 2022) 
 
Training Academy operations  
 
The contract was signed for the 
participation in the EuroMale 
Programme (February 2022) 
 
Partner of Team Tempest 
 
Joining Gaia-X  
 
Proposal 
for 
a 
public/private 
partnership for the creation of the 
National Strategic Hub 
 
Initiatives were promoted for the 
use of drones in urban air mobility 
and logistics 
 
Launch of the X-2030 platform, an 
innovative model of "command, 
control and intelligence" in the 
field of Safety and Security 
  
 
Definition of the 2030 Master 
Plan for innovation and digital 
transformation   
 
Operations were started at 
Leonardo Labs and on the 
roll-out 
of 
davinci-1 
supercomputers  
 
Strategic 
investments 
in 
Cloud Computing, artificial 
intelligence, 
innovative 
materials, 
autonomous 
intelligent systems

--- Page 99 ---
97 
development, promoting innovation and the spread of technologies, as well as strengthening the 
competencies, thus fostering transition to a knowledge-based economy.  
SUSTAINABILITY PLAN 
The necessary prerequisite for lasting progress to the benefit of people, the Planet and prosperity 
is for Leonardo to take a long-term vision, while considering the impact of its activities across the 
entire value chain, in accordance with the Sustainable Development Goals of the United Nations 
2030 Agenda (SDGs) and the guidelines of the European Green Deal. Leonardo’s Sustainability 
Plan, in line with the guidelines of the Be Tomorrow - Leonardo 2030 Strategic Plan, translates 
this vision into actions, projects and practices, measurable in the short and long term, oriented 
towards the achievement of the SDGs in order to generate shared value for all the company's 
stakeholders. Technology innovation and digitisation are the cross-sector drivers of the Plan, 
which are key to tackling sustainability challenges at global level, to accelerate a sustainable and 
inclusive transition: from decarbonisation to circular economy, passing through responsible 
business conduct, the development of a sustainable supply chain, solutions for emergency 
management, mobility and safety of people and the Planet, up to the promotion of scientific 
citizenship and social commitment to enhancing diversity and inclusion. 
The Plan reinforces the achievement of the public sustainability targets that the Group has 
committed to reach and that are key to strengthening the strategy, increasing the competitiveness 
of Leonardo and of the industrial ecosystem of which the Issuer is the driving force, with the direct 
involvement of the supply chain. 
 
Sustainability Targets 
 
Objective 
achieved  
 
On 
track 
 
New 
objective  
 
Restated (new 
perimeter/year) 
 
PILLAR 
SCOPE 
OBJECTIVE 
PROGRESS 
TARGET 
YEAR 
SDG 
Material topics 
Governance 
Promote a 
responsible 
business 
model 
Issuance of Trade Compliance 
Guideline including Human 
Rights Impact Assessment 
(HRIA) and development of 
country risk assessment tool for 
Leonardo SpA 
 
2021 
 
 
Targets 16.5, 16.6 
 
Responsible business  
conduct 
Extending Trade Compliance 
Directive to the Group 
2022 
Renewal/maintenance of the 
international ISO 37001:2016 
“Anti-Bribery Management 
System” certification  
 
2023 
Expanding the business 
compliance training to other 
types of third parties 
(distributors/resellers), making it 
a mandatory prerequisite for the 
completion of the engagement 
 
2022 
People 
Attract and 
promote 
talent 
More than 100 training hours 
per employee in the period 
2018-2022 
 
2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Targets 4.3, 4.4, 5.1, 5.5, 5.b, 8.5 
 
Skills and talent  
Management 
  
Well-being, inclusion and equal opportunities 
Under-30s equal to at least 40% 
of total new hires  
 
2022 
Promote an 
inclusive 
environment 
Women equal to at least 32% of 
total new hires (*)   
2022/2025 
Women equal to 30% of total 
new hires in STEM areas  
 
2025 
20% female representation at 
management levels  
 
2025 
Women equal to 20% of total 
employees  
2025

--- Page 100 ---
98 
PILLAR 
SCOPE 
OBJECTIVE 
PROGRESS 
TARGET 
YEAR 
SDG 
Material topics 
27% of women in succession 
plans  
2025 
Planet 
Reduce 
energy 
consumption 
and CO2 
emissions 
10% reduction in consumption of 
electricity withdrawn from external 
grid (**) 
 
2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Targets 8.4, 9.4, 12.2, 12.5, 13.1, 13.3 
 
Climate change, adaptation and mitigation 
 
Management of natural resources 
4% reduction in Scope 1 + Scope 
2 emissions (location based) (**) 
 
2025 
40% reduction in Scope 1 + Scope 
2 emissions (market based) (***) 
 
2030 
Reduce 
environmental 
impacts 
10% reduction in water 
withdrawals (**) 
 
2025 
10% reduction in the amount of 
waste produced (**) 
 
2025 
Prosperity 
Develop the 
supply chain 
Implementing supply chain 
development programmes and 
medium/long-term partnerships, 
focused on SMEs, to improve 
business sustainability  
 
2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Targets 4.4, 8.2, 8.3, 9.4, 9.5, 12.2, 12.5, 13.1 
 
Sustainable supply chain 
  
R&D, innovation and advanced technology 
 
Digital transformation 
Managing more than 75% of the 
value of orders placed by 
Leonardo Divisions with digital 
collaboration platforms (****) 
 
2022 
Raising awareness of/delivering 
training on SDGs and supporting 
tools for reporting to more than 
80% of key suppliers (over 500 
suppliers) 
 
2023 
100% of LEAP partners with set 
targets and plans on green energy, 
CO2 emission reduction, waste 
recycling, water consumption  
 
2023 
Strengthen 
digitisation 
and 
processing 
capability 
Increasing computing power by 
40% per capita (*****) 
 
2025 
Increasing storage capacity by 
40% per capita (*****) 
 
2025 
 
(*)  
Compared to the target published in 2020, the target year has been updated for the objective relating to 32% of 
women out of total hires in response to the characteristics of the AD&S sector. In particular, an intermediate 
objective to 2022 has been set out on new hires, excluding blue collar workers, and the target on total new hires 
has been postponed to 2025. 
(**)  
Calculated in relation to revenues. 2019 year baseline. 
(***)  
Reduction in absolute value. 2019 year baseline. 
(****)  Includes recurring suppliers. Leonardo DRS is not included in the scope. 
(*****)  Calculated as the number of flops (Floating Point Operations Per Second) and bytes in relation to employees in 
Italy. 2020 year baseline.

--- Page 101 ---
99 
Sustainability ratings, indices and rankings 
The results achieved by the Group on ESG topics have also been recognised worldwide, as 
testified by the Group's presence in several major sustainability ratings, indices and rankings. 
Sustainability Leader in the 
Dow 
Jones 
Sustainability 
Indices of S&P Global since 12 
years ago, with the highest score 
in the Aerospace and Defence 
sector for the third year running 2. 
Among the companies included 
in the MIB ESG INDEX of the 
Italian 
Stock 
Exchange 
(Euronext), the first Italian blue 
chip index dedicated to the 40 
companies with the best ESG 
performance 3. 
Confirmed in the CDP 
2021 
Climate-A 
List, 
among 
six 
Italian 
companies and the only 
one in the sector. 
Ranked in A band in the Defence 
Companies 
Index 
on 
Anti-
Corruption 
and 
Corporate 
Transparency 
(DCI) 
of 
Transparency International. 
Included in the Bloomberg 
Gender-Equality Index 2022 
for the second year. 
UN 
Global 
Compact 
LEAD, for the second 
year running, the only 
one 
company 
among 
major enterprises in the 
Aerospace and Defence 
sector. 
 
 
SECTORS 
Following the One Company reorganisation process, the organisational structure is now based 
on five business divisions and the corporate center, which is responsible for strategic directions 
as well as management and control system. 
Notwithstanding the organization of the Group into five divisions, the Group's performance is 
reported according to the current areas of activity: 
• 
Helicopters (both civil and military platforms, Rotorcraft Unmanned Aerial System 
(RUAS)); 
• 
Aeronautics (fighters, trainers, multi-mission transport, multi-mission surveillance, 
aerostructures, Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) and regional aircraft); 
• 
Defence Electronics & Security (radar, electro-optics, electronic warfare, sensors, 
integrated systems, Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS), Traffic Control Systems and 
Automation Systems,(in which it operates also through Leonardo DRS Inc. (“Leonardo 
DRS”)), as well as missiles (in which it operates through MBDA, a joint venture with BAE 
Systems and Airbus Group) underwater defence systems and land and naval armaments). 
The Group also has a (i) 31.33 per cent shareholding in Elettronica S.p.A. operating design 
and production of electronic defence equipment and systems; (ii) 60 per cent shareholding 
in Larimart S.p.A. operating design and implementation of solutions/equipment for 
telecommunications in Defence, Security and Emergency and (iii) 25.1 per cent 
shareholding in Hensoldt. It also works in Cyber Security and Information and 
Communication Technology (ICT) systems and security, Homeland Security and Critical 
Infrastructure;  
• 
Space, in which it operates through Telespazio (a joint venture with the French company 
Thales for space-related services, the majority of which is held by Leonardo) and Thales 
 
2  
Evaluation based on the data of the Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA), as of 12 November 2021. 
3  
Review dated December 2021.

--- Page 102 ---
100 
Alenia Space (a joint venture with Thales for the satellite manufacturing, whose majority is 
held by Thales). 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION BY AREA OF ACTIVITY AND THEIR INTERNAL DIVISIONS 
Helicopters 
Overview 
Leonardo is one of the leading global competitors, in terms of revenues, in the design, 
development and production of helicopters, with the capability to develop a complete range of 
products for both civil and military/government applications4. These helicopters can perform the 
full variety of roles such as offshore, passenger and VIP transport, emergency medical services, 
law enforcement application, search & rescue and utility in the civil sector and multirole, tactical 
transport, naval and combat in the military sector. Leonardo is also a partner in several 
international helicopter programmes, both for helicopter production and for research and 
technological innovation. 
In the helicopters sector, Leonardo’s operations are carried out through the Helicopter division. 
This division also includes the activities of the fully owned Polish company PZL-Swidnik and the 
Swiss company Kopter. 
The Leonardo Helicopter division operates through main plants located in Italy (Vergiate (VA), 
Cascina Costa (VA), Sesto Calende (VA), Anagni (FR), Frosinone, Benevento, Brindisi, in the 
United Kingdom (Yeovil), in the United States (Philadelphia, PA), in Poland (Swidnik) and in 
Switzerland (Wetzikon). These facilities are organised according to a network organisation model, 
through which Leonardo strives to make each plant a specialised centre of excellence with a 
specific functional focus. 
Helicopter division 
Leonardo has full control of the technology and expertise necessary to perform the whole 
helicopter development and production cycle, starting from feasibility analysis and identification 
of operational requirements to designing and manufacturing of transmissions, rotors, blades, 
metal and composite material structures and avionics, final assembly, systems integration, 
"missionisation", and product support and training activities. 
Leonardo’s main civil products include: the SW4 (light single - multirole), the AW119 Kx (the first 
light single engine-executive and private transport), the AW109 Power (light twin - multirole, in 
particular the Grand New variant aim to VIP/Corporate market), the AW169 (a versatile multirole 
light intermediate), the AW139 (multirole new generation - intermediate twin, best-seller in its 
category worldwide) and the AW189 (multirole new generation - medium twin). The AW609, an 
innovative Tilt-rotor aircraft that combines vertical take-off and landing with the speed, range and 
comfort of a fixed wing aircraft, is under development, with certification envisaged in the short run. 
The AW609 is expected to be the world first tilt-rotor to get civil certification and to enter the civil 
and government market.  
In addition, the new innovative single engine development, AW09 has been added to the portfolio 
once ready to market post Kopter acquisition (closing occurred on 8 April 2020). Leonardo’s main 
military products include: among the dual use helicopters the SW4 (light single – utility and 
training), the AW109 TrekkerM (multi-role, light twin), the AW139M (multirole, CSAR - 
intermediate twin) and the AW101 (medium/heavy, three engined helicopter - naval, transport, 
utility, CSAR and VVIP transport role), among the specialized platforms the AW159 Wildcat (twin 
- naval, light utility) and the CH-47F (heavy lift, built under a Boeing licence). Leonardo is also 
participating in the European NH90 transport and naval helicopter programme with Airbus 
Helicopter and Fokker GKN. The AW129D is a combat helicopter in service with the Italian army, 
 
4  
Evaluation based on the data of the Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA), as of 12 November 2021. 
4  
Review dated December 2021. 
 the major players.

--- Page 103 ---
101 
the T129 is in service with the Turkish armed forces and the AW249 is the only new combat 
helicopter currently under development. The most recent developed products are the AW169M 
(multirole) and AW149 (twin turbines - tactical transport, CSAR). 
Leonardo is also developing significant capabilities in rotorcraft unmanned and optionally piloted 
helicopters (RUAV/OPV) with the programme Hero (RUAV) and the demonstrator SW4-SOLO 
(RUAV/OPV).With its product family approach (AW139, AW169, AW189), Leonardo is the first 
OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer) to have developed a distinctive common architecture 
based on the same design principles while pursuing the dual philosophy in order to develop 
technologies which can have both civil and military applications. 
With respect to customer support activities, Leonardo is continually developing its services and 
advanced solutions in line with customer needs. Leonardo’s "Service Excellence Project", aiming 
at optimizing the delivery of spare parts and repairs, improves communication with customers and 
achieves the high standards of support throughout the service centre network which includes 
more than 100 Customer Support Centres in five continents. For military customers, Leonardo 
offers the Integrated Operational Support ("IOS") approach for different platforms. IOS is the "turn-
key" solution of this division that includes comprehensive technical support services, supply of 
spare parts, repairs and overhaul. IOS represents a core element of the strategic partnership 
between Leonardo and the U.K. Ministry of Defence and is being adopted by customers 
internationally. 
Moreover, Leonardo is a world leading provider of professional training services, systems and 
solutions to a global customer base, in terms of completeness of its portfolio and international 
commercial footprint5. Leonardo is committed to a training policy that enables customers to make 
the most effective use of its helicopters. 
Leonardo Helicopter is also establishing a department dedicated to digital transformation to steer 
and accelerate a key change in digitalisation of the design, production and maintenance 
processes of rotary wing platforms. 
Strategy 
Leonardo considers rotorcraft as one of its core activities and intends to: (i) consolidate the 
leadership acquired in the civil / dual segment strengthening the overall product portfolio; (ii) 
strengthen the positioning in the military segment, leveraging on the development of military 
versions of the AW Family products; (iii) pursue selected cooperative efforts at international level 
(EU-EDF/NATO cooperation programmes), (iv) enhance the Group positioning in the RUAV 
market and exploit the full potential in the new advanced air mobility (AAM) market segment, (v) 
drive innovation in the rotary wing sector investing in key enabling technologies and introduce 
hybrid / electric propulsion solutions; (vi) confirm excellence in customer support through the 
introduction of innovative business models and developing agile service & training capabilities.  
Aeronautics 
Overview 
Leonardo is Italy’s primary, and amongst the world’s major players in terms of revenues, in this 
sector with its advanced know-how in design, development, manufacturing, maintenance and 
overhaul services for military and civil aircraft, training systems, manufacturing of aerostructures 
and remote control piloting systems6. These capabilities are flanked by integrated logistic support 
activities performed in various scenarios during the entire aircraft life cycle. Leonardo has a key 
role in the segment of military and commercial fixed-wing aircraft and in the supply of complex 
aerostructures both in traditional materials (aluminium alloy) and in advanced materials 
 
5 
Source: Leonardo internal analysis based on information and data taken from the publicly available consolidated 
financial statements of the major players. 
6 
Source: Leonardo internal analysis based on information and data taken from the publicly available consolidated 
financial statements of the major players

--- Page 104 ---
102 
(composites and hybrid). Leonardo is also a partner of major international programmes, both in 
the field of aircraft manufacturing and research and technological innovation. 
In particular, as at the date of this Base Prospectus Leonardo’s operations are carried out through 
two separate divisions: Aircraft and Aerostructures. 
Leonardo and its joint ventures operate in the aerounautics sector through several production 
facilities in Italy (Turin, Caselle (TO), Cameri (NO), Venegono Superiore (VA), Tessera (VE), Nola 
(NA), Pomigliano d’Arco (NA), Grottaglie (TA), Foggia and in France (Toulouse). Each facility has 
a specific functional focus in the overall organisational structure of the sector. 
This sector also includes GIE ATR, a consortium with Airbus, for the development production, 
commercialisation and after sales activities of regional turboprop aircraft. 
Aircraft division 
Leonardo is engaged in the design, development, production, and logistics support for military 
and tactical transport aircraft, special missions multi-role aircraft, integrated training system & 
services (ITS&S) and unmanned systems, and the relevant integrated systems for crew (air and 
ground operators) training. 
In particular: 
• 
In the training segment, the Aircraft division offers a range of aircraft that cover large 
phases of the military pilot training syllabus. The M-345 is a jet aircraft designed for basic 
through to advanced training of military pilots, equipped with modern avionics and 
characterised by operating costs comparable to those of a high-powered turboprop 
trainer. Starting from M-346 advanced trainer, the division offers a family of advanced jet 
trainer & light combat aircraft: the M-346 is a jet aircraft optimised for advanced military 
pilot training, offering a broad range of training capabilities combined with long-term 
reliability; the M-346 Fighter Attack, a ‘light combat’ version that preserves all of the M-
346’s training capabilities with the addition of latest generation equipment and sensors, 
enabling it to perform close air support missions and defence of territory. The modern 
concept of training is not limited to aircraft, but extends to a complete range of ground-
based training and learning systems. Leonardo Aircraft Division offers a fully integrated 
Ground Based Training System (GBTS), full Embedded Tactical Training Simulation 
(ETTS) suite and Aircraft Operational Training, pilot and maintenance training courses 
that enable operators to use their aircraft in the most effective way, also through full 
service business model as International Flight Training School (IFTS). 
• 
In the multimission transport and surveillance aircraft segment, the division produces 
advanced aircraft such as the C-27J Spartan and its evolved version C-27J Next 
Generation for even greater versatility and mission flexibility; its special mission variants 
MC-27J (comprehensive ISR/ISTAR platform) and FWSAR (Search and rescue activity), 
the ATR 42/72 MP (Maritime Patrol) and the ATR 72 ASW, a multirole anti-submarine 
warfare aircraft built from the platform of the modern ATR 72-600 regional turboprop. 
• 
The Aircraft division plays a key role in international collaborations, including: 
- 
the Eurofighter Typhoon, advanced air defence and superiority fighter with 
multirole capabilities; the Typhoon stems from a collaborative project between Italy, 
the United Kingdom, Germany and Spain, which translates into an industrial 
participation of the Leonardo Aircraft division, (with a 19 per cent share which 
raises to 36 per cent with the involvement of the Electonics division); 
- 
the Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II, the only US-designed new generation 
combat aircraft currently in production. Italy is a Tier II partner in the programme, 
which the Italian Air Force and Navy have selected to recapitalize their tactical 
units. The Aircraft division operates a Final Assembly and Check-Out (FACO) line 
in Italy (Cameri), which is the first final assembly site outside the United States, 
and has been selected as the European regional MRO&U Hub, responsible for

--- Page 105 ---
103 
airframe maintenance for all F-35 partner nation aircrafts operating in the EMEA 
theatre; 
- 
the European MALE RPAS (Medium Altitude Long Endurance, Remotely Piloted 
Aircraft Systems), a joint European programme to answer future UAS requirements 
supporting 
ISTAR 
(Intelligence, 
Surveillance, 
Target 
Acquisition 
and 
Reconnaissance) missions, both wide area and in-theatre. The initiative has been 
launched by Leonardo, Airbus D&S and Dassault Aviation backed by the 
governments of France, Germany, Spain and Italy. The European MALE RPAS will 
be the first UAS designed for flight in non-segregated airspace; 
- 
the Skydweller Aro Inc., a US/Spanish start-up  for the first solar-powered drone 
with perpetual flight capability, in which Leonardo is a technological partner. 
In addition, Leonardo is working with the RAF Rapid Capability Office, BAE Systems, Rolls Royce 
and MBDA (i.e. the Team Tempest) in the development of future technologies, knowledge, 
capability and know-how for the sixth-generation fighter aircraft capable of operating in the 2040+ 
environment. 
Aerostructures division 
The Leonardo Aerostructures division is a valued partner of major civil aircraft programmes in 
Europe and in the US and is one of the top global players in the aerostrucures market in terms of 
revenues and leader in fabrication and assembly of fuselages and empennages considering the 
relevance of programs in which it is involved7. 
From the ATR 42 and ATR 72 series (ATR Family) - the market leader for the regional turboprop for 
numbers of aircraft sold worldwide 8 -, to the Boeing 787 "Dreamliner" - the first program in 
commercial aviation history with majority of primary structure made of composite materials CFRP 
(Carbon Fiber Reinforced Plastic) -, and finally the Airbus A220 - one of the best sellers aircraft 
in the single aisle segment -, the Aerostructures division brings the ability to design, build, test 
and integrate large structural components in composite and traditional material to support any 
aeronautic programmes. 
The advanced automated technology of large structural components in composite materials 
represents a competitive advantage of the Aerostructures division for large co-cured structures, 
for example as partner in the Boeing 787 program with a key role in development, design and 
manufacturing of this program innovative structures: center fuselage sections 44 & 46 and 
horizontal stabilizer. For ATR family, including brand new versions ATR 72–600F and ATR 42–
600S, Leonardo Aerostructures division is responsible for fuselage (metallic structures) and 
empennages (integrated CFRP structures) including systems and testing integration of each 
component.Leonardo Aerostructures division is also involved, since its beginning in 1978, in the 
Boeing 
767 
Program; 
its 
responsibility 
includes 
certification, 
industrialization 
and 
fabrication/assembly of all movable parts of the wings (ailerons, slats, spoilers), the wing tip and 
the empennages (vertical fin, rudder, elevators). Leonardo Aerostructures division was involved 
in the co-development of the A321 fuselage section 14A, including design responsibility since 
1991, then introducing with the A321 the concept of determinate assembly and automated 
riveting. The structural components of section 14A are in light alloy almost entirely produced and 
assembled in Nola plant. 
Leonardo Aerostructures division also supplies the A220 Vertical and Horizontal Tails with 
responsibility for design, development, testing, qualification, certification, production and in 
service support. 
 
7 
Source: Leonardo internal analysis based on information and data taken from the publicly available consolidated 
financial statements of the major players. 
8 
Source: Leonardo internal analysis based on information and data taken from the publicly available consolidated 
financial statements of the major players.

--- Page 106 ---
104 
Strategy 
In the Aeronautics sector, Leonardo intends to: (i) consolidate a primary role on collaboration 
programs of fighter segment, from 4th / 5th to the next generation aircraft combat system, (ii) 
maintain leadership in the Integrated Training System & Services (ITS&S) leveraging (a) 
excellence in advanced simulation technologies, (b) dual role family and (c) a complete set of 
products and turn-key services, (iii) evolve the airlifter and multimission product family in order to 
guarantee medium/long term sustainability, (iv) achieve a key role on RPAS, with focus on loyal 
wingman and air combat systems (of systems) domain and next gen fighter ecosystem, also 
leveraging on cooperative programme (Euromale participation), (v) reinforce the international 
market positioning, also through the drawing up of a complete partnership’s strategy at different 
levels (tactical/commercial, strategic partnership, industrial collaboration), (vi) promote 
digitalisation as a key enabler to develop new technologies and products. 
With the specific regard to the Aerostructures division, Leonardo intends to: (i) become a 
reference player in advanced processes and new materials technologies for applications on 
innovative mobility solutions and fully decarbonized aircraft, also leveraging on the Aerotech 
Campus; (ii) strengthen the business through strategic partnerships, (iii) leverage capabilities and 
technologies to expand the business and enter new markets, and (iv) exploit intra-company 
opportunities to maximise value of internal assets. 
Defence Electronics & Security 
Overview 
Leonardo is a leading global player covering all major segments of the electronics, defence 
systems sectors, with programmes dedicated to airborne mission systems, remote piloted 
surveillance and control systems, naval and battlefield digitalisation systems, missile systems, 
combat and underwater vehicle systems, electronic warfare systems, cyber security and digital 
solutions. 
The Defence Electronics & Security sector has been reorganised to respond appropriately to 
technological and competitive challenges, align the organisational model to the main players in 
the market and provide a unified, consistent process of strategic development. 
As of today the sector is structured as follows: Electronics division, Cyber Security Division and 
includes also the activities of the U.S. subsidiary Leonardo DRS, the participation in Elettronica 
S.p.A., Larimart S.p.A., Hensoldt and the joint venture MBDA. 
Electronics division 
The Electronics division is structured in three Business Units: (i) Electronics UK; (ii) Electronics 
IT; and (iii) Defence Systems. The Automation business, which was previously an Electronics 
division, has been separated from Electronics and directly transferred to Leonardo corporate. In 
this field Leonardo also provides proprietary automation systems for sorting, handling and 
tracking letters, parcels and packages, as well as baggage handling systems based on the 
innovative cross-belt technology. 
Business units: Electronics IT and Electronics UK 
The Business Units Electronics UK and Electronics IT design, develop and supply state-of-the-
art complex electronic solutions for air platforms and space systems. The products are in 
operation on all types of air and space platforms in civil and military service, including combat 
aircraft, trainers, airliners, transports, helicopters, UAV and satellites. Its major external customers 
include: Airbus, BAE Systems, Boeing, the European Space Agency, General Dynamics, 
Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman and Piaggio.

--- Page 107 ---
105 
The offering provides sensing, communications, navigation, platform protection and mission 
management capabilities that include: 
• 
integrated mission systems (such as ATOS-Airborne Tactical Observation and 
Surveillance, for manned platforms); 
• 
airborne surveillance and fire control radar (such as the multi-mode Captor, Raven, 
Osprey, Gabbiano and Seaspray radar); 
• 
electro-optic sub-systems (such as the Pirate and Skyward IRST, and high power lasers 
used in targeting systems on combat aircraft); 
• 
electronic warfare systems (such as the Praetorian system for Typhoon, the Sky Guardian 
family of radar warning systems, DIRCM and decoys); 
• 
on-board avionics and CNI (including systems for civil and dual-use aircraft); and 
• 
power generation, sensors, payloads and robotics for space systems. 
The Business units also develop and manufacture RPAS (such as the Falco family or the Mirach 
aerial targets family) and C-UAS, to address the threat of low, slow and small unmanned air 
systems, undetectable by conventional air surveillance equipment. Complete UAS solutions for 
surveillance or training can be also offered through full-service contracts. 
The capabilities can be integrated to provide ISR & ISTAR solutions (Intelligence, Surveillance, 
Target Acquisition & Reconnaissance). These are based on open architecture solutions capable 
of operating on any platform and with other on-board equipment. This ensures effective situational 
awareness and interoperability between operational assets. 
The deep understanding of technology and operational use of the sector’s capabilities is used to 
design training and support solutions that are tailored to the needs of customers. These solutions 
range from traditional spares and repairs to full service solutions and also include: development 
of CONOPS, pilot and operator training, aircraft integration and service. 
The Business Units Electronics UK and Electronics IT design, develop and manufacture land and 
naval systems solutions providing information superiority, situational awareness, command and 
control capability, weapon systems management and network communications to armed forces. 
The offering includes either integrated systems, as well as stand-alone products and components. 
Primary products and systems are supported through Integrated Logistics Services and Solutions. 
In the air defence domain the Business units supply a wide portfolio of sensors ranging from 
traditional RAT-31 fixed and mobile long-range Radars with ATBM capabilities to the 
electronically scanned radar CAPTOR-E that is the future primary sensor on Eurofighter Typhoon 
and has a full suite of Air-to-Air and Air-to-Surface modes, as well as the relevant communication 
and command and control centres. 
In the land domain, the offer includes capability for battlespace management, control and 
digitisation, through "C4I" (Command, Control, Communications, Computer, Intelligence) tactical 
and strategic systems, as well as border and territory control force protection solutions (FOB). In 
this domain Leonardo is the leading supplier and integrator of ForzaNEC, a nation-wide 
digitisation program for army brigade operations and battlespace management, that includes 
Command & Control Centers, Communication infrastructure, Radios and Optronics for vehicle 
and soldier systems. 
In the naval domain, the Business units play the role of Combat System Integrator, for combatant, 
patrol and support vessels, and are primary suppliers of Combat Management Systems. This 
Business unit’s product portfolio includes all key naval electronic solutions: AESA C-X-L band 
multifunctional radars (KRONOS), dual band fire control radar (NA30SMK2), Optronic Sensors 
(Medusa Mk4/B and Naval IRST systems) and Integrated Communications Systems (ICS). All

--- Page 108 ---
106 
these products are integrated in Leonardo’s Combat Management System (ATHENA) aimed at 
providing effective surveillance and reaction capabilities. 
In this sector, Leonardo provides technologies and solutions for air and vessel traffic management 
and control aimed at achieving a faster, more efficient and safer circulation, enabling operators 
to control the flow of people and goods. 
Business unit: Defence Systems 
In the Defence Systems business unit, Leonardo designs, develops and produces weapon 
systems in the fields of artillery, ammunition and torpedoes that include: 
• 
naval gun systems of small, medium and large calibres sold to 58 navies throughout the 
world; 
• 
land turrets, ranging from small to large calibres, to be installed on tracked and wheeled 
vehicles; 
• 
special ammunition, extended range and guided long range of various calibres for land 
and naval applications and conventional ammunition for naval applications; 
• 
armaments for military helicopters and aircraft; 
• 
heavy and light weight torpedoes; 
• 
anti-torpedo countermeasure systems; 
• 
sonar systems; and 
• 
surface and underwater protection systems for naval platforms and underwater 
surveillance systems for harbours, coastal areas and strategic sites. 
In this sector, and through a consortium with IVECO DV, named Consorzio IVECO OTOmelara, 
Leonardo develops and produces tracked and wheeled armoured vehicles (i.e. VBM Freccia and 
Centauro II). 
Leonardo is not involved in the development, production, sale and testing of cluster bombs, anti-
personnel mines (APM) or land mines. 
Strategy 
Leonardo intends to: (i) become the European leader in Defence Electronics, (ii) strengthen its 
position in the international market through new commercial opportunities, partnerships and JVs, 
but protecting at the same time its market share in domestic markets, (iii) win new long-term 
sustainable business with maximum involvement in setting future requirements, such as: 
Tempest, Information Advantage/ C2 Multidomain, LDEW, CEMA, Hypersonic (iv) streamline / 
optimise the product portfolio, reduce time to market and invest in solid business to ensure greater 
competitiveness and be able to proactively respond to future market requirements. 
Cyber Security division 
The Cyber Security division provides solutions aimed at improving the security and safety of 
economic and social environments by leveraging the synergies between information 
technologies, secure communications networks, physical and logical security. In particular, 
through this division Leonardo provides: 
• 
services and platforms that guarantee the monitoring and predictive, proactive protection 
of strategic data and assets. Architectures and systems secure-by-design, Artificial 
Intelligence and Big Data, virtualisation and supercomputing techniques play a central role 
in detecting and analysing cyber threats, as well as in responding to and resolving cyber 
attacks;

--- Page 109 ---
107 
• 
mission-critical and business-critical communication solutions to monitor and protect critical 
infrastructure, cities and territory, manage public security and emergency response 
operations. Networks and systems that use a wide technological spectrum, from 
narrowband to broadband, also using hybrid networks to ensure the coexistence and 
interoperability of conventional and more innovative systems; 
• 
digitalisation services support the creation of secure-by-design architecture and the 
migration to the cloud to enhance the information assets of governments, institutions, public 
administrations and enterprises. The services enable the digitalisation, optimisation, 
simplification and management of operational processes and procedures, guaranteeing 
optimal data protection and the use of data in interoperable systems; 
• 
global monitoring systems, designed and built to meet specific needs, which ensure the 
acquisition and coherent integration of information from diverse sources, the exploitation 
and sharing of data and the use of innovative technologies, combining operational 
requirements, safety and sustainability. 
Strategy 
In this division, Leonardo intends to be the Italian industrial partner of reference for digitisation 
and systemic resilience, in order to guarantee technological sovereignty also in a pan-European 
vision: (i) increasing the distinctiveness of its divisional offering with the inclusion of cutting-edge 
technologies and through acquisitions and partnerships with priority customers, (ii) maximizing 
the participation with a reference role in the main national programs, including those financed in 
the framework of the Recovery and Resilience Plan (PNRR), ensuring digital sovereignty along 
the entire supply chain, (iii) becoming the internal supplier for Leonardo platforms and products, 
(iv) enhancing the business in the UK through an integrated offer portfolio and maximizing the 
collaboration with Leonardo UK, (v) increasing our presence in the EU market also through 
potential partnerships and (vi) selecting international opportunities in targeted geographies. 
Leonardo DRS 
Leonardo DRS, a U.S. based subsidiary, under a proxy regime, is a leading supplier of integrated 
products, services and support to military forces, intelligence agencies and prime defence 
contractors worldwide. Leonardo DRS, considering its knowhow and capabilities, is a market 
leader in thermal devices, power systems and marine propulsion, tactical communication 
solutions, electronic sensor systems and support services and integrated logistics9. Leonardo 
DRS product range is aimed at meeting customer needs in the aeronautical, land and naval 
sectors. Leonardo DRS has a highly qualified workforce operating from various facilities in the 
United States and Canada, in addition to those used in the support of customers around the world. 
During 2021 Leonardo DRS acquired Ascendant Engineering Solutions (AES), one of the world’s 
most advanced gimbal producers and during the first quarterly 2022 has signed a definitive 
agreement to sell its Global Enterprise Solutions (GES) business to SES S.A. 
Hensoldt AG 
Hensoldt (25.1 per cent owned by Leonardo) is a pioneer of technology and innovation for defence 
and security electronics. Based in Taufkirchen near Munich, the company is a German champion 
in the defence industry with a leading position in Europe and a global reach. Hensoldt develops 
innovative and customer-specific solutions in the fields of radar, electronic warfare, avionics and 
optronics and is also continuously expanding its Cyber portfolio and developing new products to 
 
9 
Source: Leonardo internal analysis based on information and data taken from the publicly available consolidated 
financial statements of the major players.

--- Page 110 ---
108 
combat a wide range of threats based on innovative approaches to data management, robotics 
and cybersecurity. 
MBDA 
MBDA (37.5 per cent owned by BAE Systems, 37.5 per cent by Airbus Group and 25 per cent by 
Leonardo) is a world leader in missiles and missile systems, capable of designing and producing 
products that meet the full range operational needs worldwide, such as the MARTE medium range 
anti-ship missile family and the METEOR Beyond Visual Range air-to-air missile, meant to meet 
the requirements of six European nations for future air combat scenarios and capable of being 
integrated on Europe’s major fighter platforms (Eurofighter Typhoon, Gripen, Rafale). 
Space 
Overview 
Leonardo operates in this sector mainly through the Space Alliance with Thales, which comprises 
two joint ventures, respectively dedicated to: 
• 
Space services – Telespazio, in which Leonardo holds 67 per cent and Thales 33 per 
cent, headquartered in Rome (Italy) and operating worldwide through its many 
subsidiaries and joint ventures (in France, Germany, the United Kingdom, Spain, 
Romania, Brazil and Argentina), also relying on an international network of space centres 
and teleports; and 
• 
Space systems manufacturing – Thales Alenia Space, in which Leonardo holds 33 per 
cent and Thales 67 per cent, headquartered in France and relying on several industrial 
facilities in Italy, Spain and Germany. 
Leonardo also operates in the space propulsion and satellite launcher segment, through AVIO 
S.p.A., in which Leonardo holds approximately a 30 per cent equity interest, and performs certain 
of its activities within this area of business through the Airborne & Space Systems sector. 
Space Services 
Telespazio’s activities cover (i) Satellite Communications (provision of telecommunications 
networks, multimedia and services); (ii) Satellite Systems and Applications (ground segment 
systems engineering, integrated space solutions and applications and engineering services); (iii) 
Satellites Operations (satellite control, space systems mission control and ground stations 
operations); and (iv) Geo-Information (earth observation applications and related services). 
Telespazio has a key role in the development of the Galileo European programme, the largest 
and independent satellite-based navigation system for a wide range of applications (transports, 
telecommunications, security etc.), as it has been tasked with creating one of the mission and 
constellation management control centres at its Fucino premises. Currently Telespazio, through 
Spaceopal, a dedicated joint venture established with DLR, operates the Galileo system, and 
owns one of the two Control Centres located in Italy (Fucino). Telespazio is also a leading player 
in EGNOS operations in partnership with ESSP. 
Within the earth observation domain, Telespazio plays a unique role in the COSMO-SkyMed 
programme (Constellation of small Satellites for Mediterranean basin Observation), both for 
civilian and military applications. Commissioned and funded by the Italian Space Agency (ASI) 
and the Italian Ministry of Defense (MoD), the programme aims at exploiting the advanced remote 
sensing of the constellation of four SAR (Synthetic Aperture Radar) satellites, for applications in 
different domains (risk management, scientific, commercial, security, defence and intelligence). 
The system was fully deployed in 2010 and managed by Telespazio, Thales Alenia Space, as 
prime contractor, is responsible for the development of the entire constellation and for the future 
development of the second generation. 
Telespazio’s experience is also drawn from its involvement in major space programmes, including 
EGNOS, Copernicus, SICRAL and ATHENA-FIDUS.

--- Page 111 ---
109 
Space systems manufacturing 
Thales Alenia Space, through its network of subsidiaries, focuses on design, integration, testing, 
operation and commissioning of innovative space systems, such as satellites for 
telecommunications, science and exploration and remote sensing, as well as orbiting 
infrastructures – the International Space Station (ISS) – and logistic transport modules. Product 
applications range from telecommunications to environment monitoring, from defence and 
security to exploration and scientific research. 
The company co-operates with the main international space industries and with the European 
space agency (ESA) as one of the major suppliers, the French space agency (CNES), the Italian 
space agency (ASI), as well as the Italian, French and German Ministry of Defence. Moreover, 
Thales Alenia Space exports Koreasat 5 and Koreasat 6 satellites to South Korea, Star One to 
Brazil and Yahsat to the United Arab Emirates. 
The company is also a leading industrial player, often together with Telespazio, in several 
programmes, such as Copernicus (formerly known as GMES / Global Monitoring for Environment 
and Security), where Thales Alenia Space is responsible for the Sentinel-1 and Sentinel-3 
satellites missions and Telespazio for the ground segment applications; EGNOS and GALILEO, 
as mentioned, where Thales Alenia Space is the responsible for the design, integration and 
testing of satellites; Syracuse and SICRAL I & II, also together with Telespazio, for secure military 
communications system; and COSMO-SkyMed. The company is also a leading industrial player 
in defence and security (Syracuse, SICRAL 1 and 2). Also worth mentioning is the contribution to 
scientific programmes such as Mars Express, Cassini-Huygens (a NASA/ESA/ASI programme) 
and Rosetta. 
Thales Alenia Space has in fact provided more than half of the pressurized volume of the ISS, 
including Nodes 2 and 3, the MPLM (Multipurpose Pressurized Logistics Modules) logistics 
pressurized modules, the Dome and the structure of the Columbus laboratory, as well as the 
Integrated Cargo Carrier (ICC) for the ATV carrying supplies to the ISS. It also carries the 
pressurized cargo module (PCM) for the shuttle fueling Cygnus and it is prime contractor for the 
demonstrators to return IXV and Expert on behalf of ESA. Thales Alenia Space is also a leader 
in European and international scientific programmes, with a key role in missions such as Herschel 
& Planck, ExoMars, Euclid and BepiColombo. 
Strategy 
Leonardo aims to: (i) become a Global Data Operator in the Geo-Information segment by building 
optical capabilities and consolidating radar capabilities, (ii) grow in selected priority B2B markets 
(e.g. maritime, mobility, energy, Institutional / Government) in the Satcom segment, (iii) 
consolidate the role of Large Mission Operator by leveraging end-to-end skills (from upstream to 
downstream) of Mission Integration, (iv) move from a "multi-domestic" model of 
internationalization to a "multi-regional" model, (v) enter new segments of activities / adjacent 
markets (e.g. SSA, In orbit services, exploration missions) leveraging core competencies. 
LITIGATION 
Judicial investigations and criminal proceedings 
Leonardo, certain companies of the Group and certain former/current directors, managers and 
employees of the Leonardo Group have been involved in certain judicial investigations and 
criminal proceedings as a suspect or as a defendant or – with reference to the companies – as 
the person liable for any civil action filed by the victim of crime for damages suffered as a result 
of the alleged conduct of former officers or employees of the Leonardo Group. With respect to 
pending criminal proceedings against individuals, certain companies of the Group have filed a 
civil action in certain criminal proceedings in order to claim for damages suffered as a result of 
the alleged conduct of their former managers, officers and employees. 
For information related to the criminal proceedings that are currently underway against Group 
companies or Leonardo itself, as well as certain former directors and executives, concerning acts 
committed during the performance of their duties at Group companies or at Leonardo itself, where

--- Page 112 ---
110 
the companies are involved as suspect or defendant or – with reference to the companies – civilly 
liable, see section No. 22 of the explanatory notes headed "Provisions for Risks and Charges and 
Contingent Liabilities" of the Leonardo audited integrated annual financial statements for the year 
ended on 31 December 2020 and No. 22 of the explanatory notes headed "Provisions for Risks 
and Charges and Contingent Liabilities" of the Leonardo audited integrated annual report for the 
year ended on 31 December 2021 and the paragraph headed “Contingent liabilities” of the 
“Explanatory Notes” of the Leonardo interim report as at 31 March 2022, incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus Any negative developments - which cannot be foreseen, nor 
determined to date - arising from any internal investigations or judicial investigations being 
conducted, will be subject to ongoing assessment for the purposes of provisions (if any). 
Civil, administrative and tax proceedings 
The Leonardo Group operates in industries and markets where many disputes, both as petitioner 
and plaintiff, are settled only after a considerable period of time, especially in cases where the 
customer is a government entity. Pursuant to the IFRSs, provisions have only been set aside for 
risks that are deemed probable and for which the amount can be determined. No specific 
provisions have been set aside for certain disputes in which the Group is defendant as these 
disputes are reasonably expected to be settled, based on current knowledge, satisfactorily and 
without significantly impacting the Group. Of particular note are the proceedings described under 
section No. 22 of the explanatory notes headed "Provisions for Risks and Charges and Contingent 
Liabilities" of the Leonardo audited integrated annual report for the year ended on 31 December 
2021, incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Disputes on existing contracts 
Moreover, given the nature of the Group's customers as well as the complexity and the cutting-
edge technological content of the contracts entered into by the companies belonging to the Group, 
the Group’s long-term contracts are sometimes affected by disputes with customers in relation to 
compliance of works with customers' requests and product performance. The Group adjusts the 
estimated contract costs for foreseeable issues, also taking into account the possible 
developments in the relevant disputes. For information related to the most significant existing 
contracts affected by uncertainties and issues under discussion with customers, see section No. 
22 of the explanatory notes headed "Provisions for Risks and Charges and Contingent Liabilities" 
of the Leonardo audited integrated annual report for the year ended on 31 December 2021, 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
Corporate governance rules for listed Italian companies, such as Leonardo whose shares are 
listed on the Italian Stock Exchange, are provided in the Italian Civil Code, in the Consolidated 
Law on Financial Intermediation (Legislative Decree No. 58/1998, hereinafter “CLFI”), in the 
CONSOB Regulation (mainly Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to 
time), and in the voluntary code of corporate governance issued by the Italian Corporate 
Governance Committee (set up by issuers and investors associations, as well as Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.), as published in January 202010 (the “Corporate Governance Code”), to which Leonardo 
adheres. 
Leonardo has adopted the Italian traditional system of corporate governance, based on a 
organisational model involving a shareholders’ meeting, a board of directors, a board of statutory 
auditors and independent auditors. 
Pursuant to its by-laws, the management of Leonardo is entrusted to a collegial body made up of 
no fewer than eight and no more than twelve members (including the independent directors in 
 
10 On 31 January 2020, the Italian Corporate Governance Committee has issued a new Corporate Governance Code 
entered into force from the financial year 2021. Issuers listed on the Italian Stock Exchange who decided to adhere 
the new Code – such as Leonardo – have given notice to the market within the Report on Corporate Governance and 
the Ownership Structure published during the 2022.

--- Page 113 ---
111 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations) appointed by the shareholders’ meeting 
(collectively the “Board of Directors”, each a “Director”). 
Directors are appointed by the shareholders’ meeting for the period established by the 
shareholders’ meeting itself, which shall not exceed three financial years; directors can be re-
eligible for office pursuant to art. 2383 of the Italian civil code. The by-laws of Leonardo provide 
for a voting list system for the appointment of all members of the Board of Directors. 
The Board of Directors is vested with the broadest powers for the ordinary and extraordinary 
administration of the Issuer, with the authority, in particular, to perform any act it considers 
appropriate to carry out and attain the corporate purpose, except for those acts reserved by law 
or by the by-laws to the shareholders’ meeting. In addition, Leonardo’s by-laws vest the Board of 
Directors with the power to, inter alia, resolve upon the following matters: (a) the merger or 
demerger of the Issuer in the cases provided by law; (b) the creation or closure of secondary 
establishments; (c) the reduction in share capital in the event of withdrawal of one or more 
shareholders; (d) the adaptation of the by-laws in order to comply with applicable laws; (e) the 
relocation of the Issuer's registered office within the national territory. 
Pursuant to Leonardo’s by-laws, the board of statutory auditors is composed of five regular 
auditors and two alternate auditors, each of which shall meet the requirements provided for by 
applicable law and Leonardo’s by-laws (collectively the “Board of Statutory Auditors”). All 
members of the Board of Statutory Auditors are appointed by the shareholders’ meeting for three 
financial years and can be re-elected for the office. The by-laws of Leonardo provide for a voting 
list system for the appointment of all members of the Board of Statutory Auditors. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors has – inter alia – the task of monitoring: (a) compliance with the 
laws and the Issuer’s by-laws and observance of the principles of correct administration; (b) the 
adequacy of the company's organizational structure for matters within the scope of the board's 
authority, the adequacy of the internal control system and the administrative and accounting 
system and the reliability of the latter in correctly representing the company's transactions; (c) any 
procedures for the actual implementation of the corporate governance rules provided for in the 
Corporate Governance Code to which Leonardo adheres; (d) the adequacy of the Issuer’s 
instructions given to subsidiaries in order to comply with disclosure obligations prescribed by 
applicable laws. 
For further information on Leonardo’s corporate governance system, see the Corporate 
Governance Report 2022, and in particular the sections 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.1, 7, 8.1, 9, 10, 11 and 15 of 
such Report, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Board of Directors 
The current Board of Directors consists of 12 members. The shareholders' meeting of Leonardo 
held on 20 May 2020 appointed 12 members of the current Board of Directors for the three-year 
period 2020-2022. The three-year mandate of the current Board of Directors will expire upon the 
shareholders’ meeting convened to approve the financial statements of Leonardo for the financial 
year ending on 31 December 2022. 
The following table sets forth the name, position within Leonardo’s Board of Directors and 
principal activities performed by Directors outside Leonardo where such activities are significant 
with respect to the Issuer. 
Name 
Position 
Main positions held by Directors outside Leonardo 
Luciano Carta 
Chairman 
/ 
Alessandro Profumo 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
/ 
Carmine America 
Director (*) 
/ 
Francesco Barletta 
Director (*) 
Member of the Board of Directors of Istituto per il Credito 
Sportivo

--- Page 114 ---
112 
Name 
Position 
Main positions held by Directors outside Leonardo 
Elena Comparato 
Director  
/ 
Dario Frigerio 
Director (*) 
Member of the Board of Directors of Atlantia S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of DeA Capital S.p.A. 
Patrizia Michela Giangualano 
Director (*) 
Member of the Board of Directors of Aidexa Holding 
S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Saipem S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Salvatore Ferragamo 
S.p.A. 
Paola Giannetakis 
Director (*) 
/ 
Federica Guidi 
Director (*) 
/ 
Maurizio Pinnarò 
Director (*) 
/ 
Ferruccio Resta 
Director (*) 
Member of the Board of Directors of Allianz S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Il Sole 24 ore S.p.A. 
Marina Rubini 
Director (*) 
Member of the Board of Directors of BNL S.p.A. 
 
(*) Denotes Directors who meet the requirements of independence and qualify as independent Directors in 
accordance with the guidelines provided for by the Corporate Governance Code. 
The Chairman of the Board of Directors of Leonardo, Mr. Luciano Carta, has been granted with: 
(i) the powers relating to the Issuer’s legal representation pursuant to law and to the By-laws and 
signatory powers; (ii) some powers concerning institutional relationships (to be exercised in 
coordination with the Chief Executive Officer), safety and internal audit of the Group; and (iii) the 
task of supervising the implementation of corporate governance rules regarding the integrity of 
corporate behaviours and the fight of corruption, as well as powers relating to the Issuer’s legal 
representation and signatory powers (within the limits of powers granted pursuant to law and to 
the By-laws). 
The Chief Executive Officer of Leonardo, Mr. Alessandro Profumo, has been granted with any 
and all delegated powers and authority for the joint management of the Issuer, its business units 
and subsidiaries, and for the management of all equity interests in associated and investee 
companies, in accordance with the strategic guidelines identified by him and approved by the 
Board of Directors, as well as powers relating to the Issuer’s legal representation and signatory 
powers (within the limits of powers granted pursuant to law and to the By-laws), along with the 
power to implement the resolutions passed by the governing body. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is Leonardo’s registered office 
at Piazza Monte Grappa 4, 00195 Rome, Italy. 
Lead Independent Director 
Following the renewal of the Board of Directors by the Shareholders’ Meeting held on 20 May 
2020, on 25 June 2020, the Board of Directors appointed the Director Dario Frigerio as Lead 
Independent Director with the task, mainly, of coordinating the requests and contributions coming 
from non-executive Directors and in particular from the independent Directors, as well as 
coordinating the meetings of the independent Directors. The Lead Independent Director will serve 
throughout the term of office of the Board of Directors. 
Committees 
The Board of Directors of Leonardo has established the following internal Committees, with 
advisory and consulting functions: (i) the Control and Risks Committee (which also perform duties 
as Committee for Related Parties Transactions), (ii) the Remuneration Committee, (iii) the 
Nomination and Governance Committee (these three as provided for in the Corporate

--- Page 115 ---
113 
Governance Code), as well as (iv) the Sustainability and Innovation Committee. The Committees’ 
composition, duties and operation are established by a resolution of the Board when they are 
formed and may be afterwards integrated or amended by the same body. In particular, each 
Committee has specific Rules that lay down the procedures for the relevant functioning and the 
duties assigned to them, approved by the Board of Directors which is also entrusted with the 
power to integrate or amend them. These Rules are in accordance with the guidelines laid down 
in the Corporate Governance Code. 
General Manager 
On 25 June 2020, the Board of Directors of Leonardo has appointed a General Manager by 
establishing a General Management structure, reporting directly to the Chief Executive Officer, in 
order to enhance the flexibility and agility of the Issuer to be even more competitive in facing 
future challenges. The new structure, effective from 1 September 2020, is led by the new General 
Manager Lucio Valerio Cioffi (former head of the Aircraft Division) and has the responsibility to 
manage and coordinate the activities of some key areas of the Issuer as defined by the Board of 
Directors. 
Senior Management 
The following table sets forth the members of Leonardo’s senior management, together with their 
current positions. 
Name 
Position 
Luciano Carta 
Chairman 
Alessandro Profumo 
Chief Executive Officer 
Lucio Valerio Cioffi 
General Manager 
 
Divisions 
Name  
Position 
Marco Zoff 
Managing Director of Aircraft Division 
Tommaso Profeta 
Managing Director of Cyber and Security Solutions Division 
Gabriele Pieralli 
Managing Director of Electronics Division 
Gian Piero Cutillo 
Managing Director of Helicopters Division 
Giancarlo Schisano 
Managing Director of Aerostructures Division 
 
Luigi Pasquali is the coordinator of Space Activities. 
Business Support Units 
Name 
Position 
Fabio Barsotti 
Manifacturing and Program Management Optimization Director 
Marco Di Capua 
Chief Audit Executive 
Stefano Amoroso 
Communication Director 
Alessandra Genco 
Chief Financial Officer 
Antonio Liotti 
Chief People, and Organisation Officer 
Filippo Maria Grasso 
Italian Public Affairs Director

--- Page 116 ---
114 
Business Support Units 
Name 
Position 
Salvatore Lampone 
Chief Risk Officer 
Pasquale Di Bartolomeo 
Chief Commercial Officer 
Zaira Burlo 
Customer Support, Services & Training Director 
Andrea Parrella 
General Counsel 
Andrea Salpietro 
Chief Security Officer 
Giovanni Soccodato 
Chief Strategic Equity Officer 
Enrico Peruzzi 
New Business Development & Integration Director 
Franco Ongaro 
Chief Technology & Innovation Officer 
Enrico Savio 
Chief Strategy & Market Intelligence Officer 
Laurent Sissmann 
Unmanned Systems Manager 
Giacinto Carullo 
Chief Procurement and Supply Chain Officer 
Pasquale Di Bartolomeo (ad interim) 
Diplomatic Advisor and International Relationship Director 
Erminio Marco Iacomussi 
Digital and information Technology Director 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
The shareholders’ meeting held on 19 May 2021 appointed Leonardo’s Board of Statutory 
Auditors for a period of three financial years; the mandate will expire upon the shareholder’s 
meeting called to approve Leonardo’s financial statements for the financial year ending 31 
December 2023. 
The following table sets forth name and position of the current members of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors of Leonardo and principal activities performed by the Auditors outside Leonardo where 
such activities are significant with respect to the Issuer. 
Name 
Position 
Main positions held by Statutory Auditors outside 
Leonardo 
Luca Rossi 
Chairman 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Amissima Vita S.p.A. 
Anna Rita De Mauro 
Auditor 
/ 
Sara Fornasiero 
Auditor 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors and Chairman of 
the Supervisory Body, Arnoldo Mondadori Editore S.p.A.;  
Leonardo Quagliata 
Auditor 
Auditor of Acea S.p.A. 
/ 
Amedeo Sacrestano 
Auditor 
/ 
Giuseppe Cerati 
Alternate Auditor 
Chairman of the Committee for the control of management of 
SESA S.p.A.;  
Eugenio Pinto 
Alternate Auditor 
Statutory Auditor of Nexi S.p.A.; Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditor of FNM S.p.A.

--- Page 117 ---
115 
The business address of each member of Leonardo’s Board of Statutory Auditors for the purposes 
of their office is Leonardo’s registered office at Piazza Monte Grappa 4, 00195 Rome, Italy. 
Conflicts of interest 
To the Company’s knowledge, there are no potential or existing conflicts of interest between the 
duties of the members of the Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors to Leonardo 
and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Shareholders 
According to communications provided pursuant to Article 120 of the CLFI, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the shareholder which owns a significant shareholding of the Leonardo voting 
capital is the following: 
Declarer 
Direct shareholder 
Type of possession 
Percentage 
of 
voting capital 
Italian 
Ministry 
of 
Economy 
and 
Finance 
Italian 
Ministry 
of 
Economy 
and 
Finance 
Owner 
30.204% 
approximately 
EXTERNAL AUDITORS 
Current external auditors 
The shareholders’ meeting of Leonardo held on 20 May 2020 resolved – upon grounded proposal 
by the Board of Statutory Auditors to appoint EY S.p.A. (“EY”) as independent external auditors 
of Leonardo’s financial statements for the financial years from 2021 to 2029 inclusive. 
EY is authorised and regulated by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance (“MEF”) and 
registered on the special register of auditing firms held by the MEF. The registered office of EY is 
at Via Meravigli, 31, 20123, Milan, Italy. EY’s appointment will expire upon the shareholders’ 
meeting convened to approve the integrated annual report of Leonardo for the financial year 
ending 31 December 2029.  
Former external auditors 
The Issuer’s former independent auditors are KPMG S.p.A., a member of KPMG International, a 
Swiss cooperative, has its office in Italy at Via Curtatone 3, 00185 Roma, Italy ("KPMG"). KPMG 
was appointed as the independent auditor of Leonardo until the shareholders’ meeting convened 
to approve the integrated annual report of Leonardo for the financial year ending 31 December 
2020. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Approval of the quarterly results at 31 March 2022 
On 5 May 2022, the Board of Directors of Leonardo approved the quarterly results as at 31 March 
2022, incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see, “Information incorporated by 
reference” below).  The results of the first three months of 2022 reflect the path to growth and 
increased profitability which was expected. The volume of new orders has continued to increase 
significantly, as well as revenues and EBITA in all the main business areas. The cash flows, 
although affected by the usual seasonal profile characterized by significant outflows in the first 
part of the year, are clearly improving compared to the same period of the prior year, already 
improving compared to the first quarter of 2020. The Group Net Debt figure, even though reflecting 
the acquisition of the 25.1% investment in the German company Hensoldt (€mil. 606, plus related 
transaction costs), which completed at the beginning of January 2022, has risen only € 148 million 
compared to the first quarter of 2021 thanks to the significant improvement in the FOCF.

--- Page 118 ---
116 
Leonardo shareholders’ meeting approves 2021 financial statements and the remuneration 
report 
On 31 May 2022, the shareholders’ meeting of Leonardo approved, inter alia:  
(i) 
the Issuer’s annual separate financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021;  
(ii) 
the proposal to distribute a dividend of 0.14 Euro from the profit of the year 2021, gross of 
any withholding taxes, with reference to each share of common stock that will be 
outstanding on the ex-dividend date, excluding the treasury shares held on that date, 
payable as of 22 June 2022 and after detachment of coupon no. 12 on ex-dividend date 20 
June 2022;  
(iii) 
the report on the remuneration policy and the fees paid; and 
(iv) 
rejected, with the opposing vote of 88.727% of the share capital represented at the meeting 
on the related proposal subject to vote, the proposal submitted by a shareholder holding 
No. 25 ordinary shares of Leonardo (corresponding to 0.0000043% of the aggregate share 
capital) for a liability action pursuant to article 2393 of the Italian Civil Code against the 
Chief Executive Officer of Leonardo, Mr Alessandro Profumo. 
In particular, with respect to the resolution referred to under item (iv) above, Bluebell Partners Ltd 
(“Bluebell”) had proposed to adopt the following resolution: "1. to promote liability action pursuant 
to art. 2393 of the Italian Civil Code against Mr. Alessandro Profumo, in order to obtain 
compensation for the damage caused to Leonardo Spa”; and “2. to give the Chairman of the 
Board of Directors every broader and more appropriate power to execute the resolution by 
promoting and leasing the aforementioned liability action, in the times and manners that he deems 
appropriate". The liability action referred to above was linked to (i) the ruling at first instance of 
the Court of Milan of 15 October 2020, whose motivations were published on 7 April 2021, which 
convicted Mr Profumo on charges of false statements and market manipulation related to his 
previous role as chairman of Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. (“BMPS”); (ii) the 
investigations against Mr Profumo in his former role as Chairman of BMPS for false accounting 
and market manipulation in the period 2021-2015 and for false in prospectus; (iii) the suspension 
of the initial public offering of Leonardo DRS announced in 2020; (iv) the compression of the right 
of the shareholders to deliberate on the motion of liability action presented by Bluebell in 2021; 
and (v) to revelations of a negotiation for the sale of armaments to Colombia through a commercial 
channel involving a former Italian parliamentarian in the role of mediator.  
On such proposal the Board of Directors of Leonardo held on 14 April 2022, whereas – under the 
mere profile of formal admissibility and, therefore, having verified exclusively the existence of the 
requirements for the submission of the proposal – had deemed such individual proposal, as 
formulated, admissible to the vote at the shareholders' meeting in view of maximum transparency 
and to continue to ensure the widest exercise of shareholders' rights within the framework of the 
special regulations in force, on the other hand, with regard to the contents of the aforementioned 
proposal, had evaluated the groundlessness of the arguments put forward. The Board of Directors 
had therefore expressed its unconditional disagreement with the objections raised by Bluebell 
with regard to the conduct allegedly attributed to the Chief Executive Officer, also in terms of 
alleged prejudice caused to Leonardo, this both in light of the significant results achieved by the 
Issuer - especially with reference to the 2021 financial year in relation to which the Bluebell’s 
individual proposal would arise - and of the market's appreciation of those results. The Board of 
Directors had therefore confirmed that it unconditionally adheres and agrees with the 
management implemented by the Company's Chief Executive Officer.

--- Page 119 ---
117 
CONSOLIDATED CAPITALISATION OF LEONARDO 
The following table sets out the consolidated capitalisation and indebtedness of Leonardo as at 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
 
(audited) 
 
(EUR million) 
 
 
 
Bonds ................................................................................................... 
3,220 
2,481 
Bank debt ............................................................................................. 
896 
1,648 
Cash and cash equivalents ................................................................... 
(2,213) 
(2,479) 
Net Bank Debt and Bonds .................................................................. 
1,903 
1,650 
 
 
 
Current loans and receivables from related parties ............................... 
(149) 
(45) 
Other current loans and receivables ..................................................... 
(18) 
(16) 
Current Loans and Receivables and Securities ............................... 
(167) 
(61) 
 
 
 
Hedging derivatives in respect of debt items ......................................... 
(6) 
(8) 
Related party lease liabilities ……………………………………………… 
30 
30 
Other related-party borrowings ............................................................. 
881 
856 
Lease liabilities………………………………………………………………  
525 
538 
Other borrowings .................................................................................. 
152 
117 
 
 
 
Group Net Debt ................................................................................... 
3,318 
3,122 
 
 
 
Share capital (*) ..................................................................................... 
2,498 
2,499 
Retained earnings and consolidation reserves ...................................... 
2,769 
3,929 
Minority Interests .................................................................................. 
11 
27 
Shareholders' equity .......................................................................... 
5,278 
6,455 
Total capitalisation ............................................................................. 
8,596 
9,577 
(*) Ordinary shares as of 31 December 2021 with a nominal value of EUR 4.40 each. Leonardo's share capital fully 
subscribed and paid-up is divided into 578,150,395 ordinary shares with a par value of EUR 4.40 each, including 
2,843,120 treasury shares.

--- Page 120 ---
118 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND NON-FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
RELATING TO LEONARDO 
Since 2020 Leonardo has adopted an integrated approach to reporting financial performance and 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) information, with the aim of offering in a single 
document a complete, measurable and transparent view of the value generated by the Issuer. 
The Integrated Annual Report 2021 describes the development strategies of Leonardo, driven by 
the vision for the next decade expressed in the “Be Tomorrow – Leonardo 2030” Strategic Plan, 
and the performance achieved, the way in which the company creates innovative solutions with 
its supply chain partners and the scientific research ecosystem, operating responsibly in the 
countries where it is present, and enhancing the value of all its capital, people and expertise, 
technology and intellectual property, financial resources, industrial assets, relations and 
partnerships, energy and natural resources. 
The integrated annual report 2021 is composed of:  
− 
the Report on Operations, which includes the Consolidated Non-Financial Statement 
(NFS) pursuant to Legislative Decree 254/2016, prepared in accordance with the GRI 
Sustainability Reporting Standards of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), including the 
correlation table and the methodology note of the non-financial statements (NFS); 
− 
the Consolidated Financial Statements; 
− 
the Separate Financial Statements of Leonardo. 
In preparing the integrated annual report 2021, the following have been taken into account: the 
priorities reported by ESMA (European Securities and Markets Authority) for financial statements 
prepared according to the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and for non-
financial disclosures, the Framework of the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC), the 
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact, the 
standards of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) for the Aerospace & Defence 
sector, the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 
and the core metrics laid down in the White Paper on “Measuring Stakeholder Capitalism - 
Towards Common Metrics and Consistent Reporting of Sustainable Value Creation” of the World 
Economic Forum (WEF), structured into four pillars: 
• 
Governance: corporate governance, responsible business conduct, risk management and 
stakeholder engagement; 
• 
People: protection of labour, welfare and inclusion, the enhancement of people and skills, 
health and safety and respect for human rights; 
• 
Planet: sustainable management of natural resources and the decarbonisation of industrial 
processes and technological solutions, limiting the environmental impact and adopting 
circular models; and 
• 
Prosperity: technology innovation, supply chain value, relations with customers, territories 
and communities, and technological solutions to contribute to economic and social 
progress. 
Among the developments in 2021, a selection of indicators (see Annex attached to the Report on 
Operations – Notes to the NFS) has been subjected to full examination (reasonable assurance), 
as required by the International Standard on “Assurance Engagements ISAE 3000 (Revised) - 
Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information”, 
issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB), on the part of EY 
S.p.A. The audit was carried out according to the procedures set out in the “Independent Auditors’ 
Report of the NFS at 31 December 2021”, which is included in the integrated annual report 2021. 
The following tables set out the consolidated income statements for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 2021, the reclassified consolidated statement of financial position as of 31

--- Page 121 ---
119 
December 2020 and 2021 and the Group Net Debt of Leonardo as of 31 December 2020 and 
2021, presented in the Leonardo standard format that is in accordance with Leonardo's integrated 
annual report. The financial information is derived from the audited consolidated financial 
statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 prepared for Italian legal and statutory 
purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as adopted by 
the European Union, and published in the EU regulations as of the date of the approval of the 
consolidated financial statements by the Board of Directors of Leonardo. IFRS should be 
understood as International Financial Reporting Standards, International Accounting Standards, 
the interpretations of the International Financial Reporting Interpretation Committee (IFRIC) and 
the interpretations of the Standing Interpretations Committee (SIC). 
Consolidated income statement of Leonardo 
 
 
2020 
of which 
with related 
parties 
 
2021 
of which 
with 
related 
parties 
 
  
((audited) 
(EUR million) 
 
 
 
 
Revenue 
 
13,410 
1,738 
14,135 
1,818 
Other operating income 
 
655 
14 
573 
5 
Purchase and personnel expense 
 
(11,984) 
(1,169) 
(12,770) 
(1,134) 
Amortisation, depreciation and financial 
assets value adjustments 
 
(795) 
(525) 
Other operating expenses 
 
(792) 
(1) 
(626) 
- 
Income 
before 
tax 
and 
financial 
expenses 
 
494 
787 
 
Financial income 
 
147 
2 
137 
1 
Financial expense 
 
(414) 
(4) 
(309) 
(4) 
Share 
of 
profits/(losses) 
of 
equity-
accounted investees 
 
26 
138 
 
Operating profit (loss) before income 
taxes and discontinued operations 
 
253 
753 
 
 
 
 
Income taxes 
 
(12) 
(166) 
 
Profit (loss) from discontinued operations 
 
2 
0 
 
Net 
profit/(loss) 
for 
the 
period 
attributable to: 
 
243 
587 
 
 - owners of the parent 
 
241 
586 
 
 - non-controlling interests 
 
2 
1 
 
 
 
 
Earnings/(losses) per share 
 
0.419 
1.019 
 
 - basic and diluted from continuing 
operations 
 
0.416 
1.019 
 
 - basic and diluted from discontinued 
operations 
 
0.003 
0.000 
 
Reclassified consolidated statement of financial position of Leonardo 
 
 
31 
December 
2020 
 
31 December 
2021 
 
 
((audited) 
(EUR million) 
Non-current assets  
 
11,883 
12,810 
Non-current liabilities  
 
(1,996) 
(2,216) 
Capital assets (1) 
 
9,887 
10,594 
 
Inventories(2) 
 
1,164 
1,292 
Trade receivables  
 
3,033 
3,203 
Trade payables  
 
(3,619) 
(3,372) 
Working capital  
 
578 
1,123

--- Page 122 ---
120 
 
 
31 
December 
2020 
 
31 December 
2021 
 
Provisions for short-term risks and charges  
 
(1,318) 
(1,111) 
Other net current assets (liabilities) (3)  
 
(598) 
(1,046) 
Net working capital 
 
(1,338) 
(1,034) 
 
 
Net invested capital 
 
8,549 
9,560 
 
Equity attributable to the Owners of the Parent  
 
5,267 
6,428 
Equity attributable to non-controlling interests  
 
11 
27 
Equity  
 
5,278 
6,455 
 
Group Net Debt 
 
3,318 
3,122 
 
Net (assets)/liabilities held for sale (4) 
 
(47) 
(17) 
 
 
  
  
Notes on the reconciliation between the reclassified balance sheet and the statutory balance sheet: 
(1) 
Includes all non-current assets and all non-current liabilities, excluding "Non-current loans and borrowings" and 
the main non-current financial receivables. 
(2) 
Includes "Inventories", "Contract Assets" and "Contract Liabilities". 
(3) 
Includes "Income tax receivables" and "Other current assets" (excluding "Hedging derivatives in respect of debt 
items"), net of "Income tax payables" and "Other current liabilities" (excluding " Hedging derivatives in respect 
of debt items"). 
(4) 
Includes the net amount of "Non-current assets held for sale" and "Liabilities associated with assets held for 
sale". 
Consolidated Group Net debt of Leonardo 
 
The following tables set out the ESG key performance indicators for the years 2020 and 2021.  
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
 
(audited) 
 
(EUR million) 
 
 
 
Bonds .........................................................................................................  
3,220 
2,481 
Bank debt ...................................................................................................  
896 
1,648 
Cash and cash equivalents .........................................................................  
(2,213) 
(2,479) 
Net Bank Debt and Bonds ........................................................................  
1,903 
1,650 
 
 
 
Current loans and receivables from related parties .....................................  
(149) 
(45) 
Other current loans and receivables ...........................................................  
(18) 
(16) 
Current Loans and Receivables and Securities .....................................  
(167) 
(61) 
 
 
 
Hedging derivatives in respect of debt items ...............................................  
(6) 
(8) 
Related party lease liabilities……………………………………………………. 
30 
30 
Other related-party borrowings ...................................................................  
881 
856 
Lease Liabilities…………………………………………………………………… 
525 
538 
Other borrowings ........................................................................................  
152 
117 
 
 
 
Group Net Debt .........................................................................................  
3,318 
3,122 
 
Year 
 
2020 
2021 
 
 
 
Social.........................................................................................................  
Workforce (no.) ...........................................................................................  
49,882 
50,413 
Employees under 30 on total employees (%) ..............................................  
10.3 
10.4 
Women in managerial positions on total managers and junior managers (%) 
17.3 
18.0 
Hires under 30 on total hires (%) ................................................................  
40.9 
42.2 
Women hires on total hires (%) ...................................................................  
23.1 
23.7 
Women hires with STEM degree on total hires with STEM degree .............  
15.9 
19.4 
Average hours of training per employee (no.)  ............................................  
16.2 
31.8

--- Page 123 ---
121 
 
Injury rate (injuries per 1,000,000 worked hours)  .......................................  
2.60 
2.91 
Employees at ISO 45001-certified sites on total employees (%) .................  
75 
78 
Innovation .................................................................................................  
 
 
Total R&D expenses (€ million)  
of which self-funded ....................................................................................  
1,646 
559 
1,803 
584 
Computing power per capita (Gigaflops on no. of Italian employees) ..........  
198 
194 
Data storage capacity per capita (Gigabyte on no. of Italian employees) 
874 
857 
 
Environmental ..........................................................................................  
 
 
 
 
 
Energy consumption intensity (MJ/euro) on revenues .................................  
0.41 
0.40 
Water withdrawals intensity on revenues (l/€) ………………………………… 
0.39 
0.42 
Waste produced intensity on revenues (g/€) ...............................................  
2.57 
2.11 
Scope 1 and 2 CO2 emissions intensity on revenues (g/€) market based… 
31.52 
22.99 
Scope 1 and 2 CO2 emissions intensity on revenues (g/€) location based… 
45.39 
33.88 
Employees at ISO 14001-certified sites on total employees (%) .................  
76 
77

--- Page 124 ---
122 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does 
not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in 
those countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax and 
legal advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing 
of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and 
the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based 
upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law 
that may take effect after such date. 
Republic of Italy 
The following is a general summary of current Italian law and practice relating to certain Italian 
tax considerations concerning the purchase, the ownership the redemption and the disposal of 
the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations that may be 
relevant to your decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Note, does not purport to deal with 
the tax consequence applicable to all categories of prospective beneficial owners of Notes, some 
of which may be subject to special rules. 
This summary is based upon tax laws and practice of the Republic of Italy in effect on the date of 
this Base Prospectus, which are subject to change potentially retroactively. The Issuer will not 
update this summary to reflect changes in laws and if such a change occurs the information in 
this summary could become invalid. Changes in the Issuer's organisational structure, tax 
residence or the manner in which it conducts its business may invalidate this summary. This 
summary also assumes that each transaction with respect to the Notes is at arm's length. 
Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the 
meaning to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to 
the equivalent Italian concepts under Italian tax law. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax and legal advisers as to the 
overall tax consequences of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes, including in 
particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. 
1. 
Tax Treatment of Notes - General 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 as amended and supplemented ("Legislative 
Decree No. 239") provides for the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of 
interest, premium and other income (including the difference between the redemption 
amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Interest") from notes 
falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli 
similari alle obbligazioni) within the meaning of Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 
of 22 December 1986, the Italian Income Consolidated Code ("TUIR"), as amended and 
supplemented, issued, inter alia, by companies listed on an Italian regulated market. 
For the above purpose, pursuant to Article 44 of TUIR, debentures similar to bonds are 
securities that (i) incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount 
not lower than their nominal value and (ii) do not grant to the relevant holders any right to 
directly or indirectly participate to the management of the issuer or of the business in 
relation to which they are issued or to control the same management. 
2. 
Italian Resident Noteholders 
In case of Notes qualifying as bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli 
similari alle obbligazioni) held by an Italian resident Noteholder who is beneficial owner of 
the Notes and is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, (unless he has opted for the application of the "Risparmio 
Gestito" regime – see "Capital Gains" below) (ii) a non-commercial partnership, pursuant 
to Article 5 of the TUIR (with the exception of general partnership, limited partnership and

--- Page 125 ---
123 
similar entities), (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution or trust (except for a 
company or Italian resident investment fund), or (iv) an investor exempt from Italian 
corporate income taxation (in each case, unless the relevant Noteholder has entrusted 
the management of its financial assets, including the Notes, to an Italian authorised 
intermediary and has opted for the application of the so-called Risparmio Gestito regime 
provided for by Article 7 of Italian Legislative Decree 21 November 1997, No. 461 – see 
under "Capital Gains" below), Interest payments relating to the Notes, during the relevant 
holding period, are subject to a final tax, referred to as "imposta sostitutiva", levied at the 
rate of 26 per cent, either when the Interest is paid by the Issuer, or when payment thereof 
is obtained by the Noteholders on a sale of the relevant Notes. The imposta sostitutiva 
may not be recovered as a deduction from the income tax due. 
In the event that the Noteholders described under (i) or (iii) above are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies 
as a provisional tax. In such case, Interest relating to the Notes (a) will be subject to the 
imposta sostitutiva on account of income tax due and (b) will be included in the relevant 
Noteholder's annual corporate taxable income to be reported in the income tax return. As 
a consequence, such income will be subject to the ordinary income tax and the imposta 
sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from the income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), 
Italian resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or 
social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509/1994 and Legislative 
Decree No. 103/1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta 
sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in 
Article 13-bis, paragraphs 2 or 2-bis, of Law Decree 124/2019 and, as applicable, by 
Article 1(100-114) of Law 11 December 2016, No. 232 (the "Finance Act 2017"), as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is generally applied by banks, 
società di intermediazione mobiliare (SIMs), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del 
risparmio (SGRs), stockbrokers and other entities identified by decrees of the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance who are (i) resident in Italy or permanent establishments in Italy of 
non-Italian resident financial intermediaries; or an organisation or company non-resident 
in Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of securities and directly 
connected with the Department of Revenue of the Ministry of Economy and Finance 
(which includes Euroclear and Clearstream) having appointed an Italian representative 
for the purposes of Legislative Decree No. 239; and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the 
collection of Interest relating to the Notes or in the transfer of the Notes (each an 
"Intermediary"). For the purpose of the application of imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of the 
Notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which 
results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Notes or the Intermediary with which 
the Notes are deposited. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder who is beneficial owner of the Notes is a company 
or similar commercial entity, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company 
to which the Notes are effectively connected, and the Notes are timely deposited together 
with the relevant Coupons with an Intermediary, Interest will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant Noteholder's income tax return and are 
therefore subject to general Italian corporate income tax ("IRES"), currently applying at 
24 per cent rate (certain surcharges may apply on certain categories of entities, e.g. 
financial entities) and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the 
Noteholder, also to imposta regionale sulle attività produttive, the regional tax on 
productive activities ("IRAP"), generally applying at the rate of 3.9 per cent (IRAP applies 
at different rates for certain categories of investors, e.g. banks, financial institutions and 
insurance companies and, in any case, can be increased by regional laws). 
Payments of Interest in respect of the Notes made to Italian resident real estate 
investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of the Financial Services Act and

--- Page 126 ---
124 
Article 14-bis of Law 25 January 1994, No. 86, as amended and supplemented, or to 
SICAF to which the provisions of Article 9(1) of Legislative Decree of 4 March 2014, No. 
44 apply (the "Real Estate Funds") are not be subject to imposta sostitutiva and do not 
suffer any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Fund, provided that the Notes, 
together with the relevant Coupons, are timely deposited with an Intermediary. 
Unitholders are generally subject to a 26 per cent withholding tax on distributions from the 
Real Estate Funds. Furthermore, a direct imputation system ("tax transparency") is 
provided for certain non-qualifying unitholders (e.g. Italian resident individuals) holding 
more than 5 per cent of the units of the fund. 
If the Noteholder is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment 
fund (the "Fund"), a SICAV or a SICAF to which the provisions of Article 9(2) of Legislative 
Decree 4 March 2014 apply, No. 44, and the Notes, together with the relevant Coupons, 
are timely deposited with an authorised Intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding 
period on the Notes are not be subject to imposta sostitutiva and do not suffer any other 
income tax in the hands of the Funds. A 26 per cent withholding tax is levied on proceeds 
received by certain categories of unitholders upon (i) distribution by Fund; or 
(ii) redemption or disposal of the units or liquidation of the Fund. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for 
by Article 17 of Legislative Decree 5 December 2005, No. 252) (the "Pension Funds") 
and the Notes, together with the relevant Coupons, are timely deposited with an 
Intermediary, Interest payments relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding 
period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the 
relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to an ad hoc 20 per 
cent substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period 
requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the Notes may be excluded from the 
taxable base of the 20% substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set 
forth in Article 13-bis, paragraphs 2 or 2-bis, of Law Decree 124/2019 and, as applicable, 
by Article 1 (100-114) of Finance Act 2017, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder has opted for the Risparmio Gestito regime with 
respect to its investment in the Notes, such Noteholder will be subject to a 26 per cent 
annual substitute tax on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end 
of each tax year. In such case, Interest payments relating to the Notes will be included in 
the calculation of said annual increase in value of managed assets. 
Where the Notes and the relevant Coupons are not deposited with an Intermediary, the 
imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian intermediary (or permanent 
establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) that intervenes in the payment of Interest to 
any Noteholder or, absent that by the Issuer and Noteholders who are Italian resident 
companies or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes 
are effectively connected are entitled to deduct imposta sostitutiva suffered from income 
taxes due. 
3. 
Non-Italian Resident Noteholders 
Where a Noteholder who is the beneficial owner of the Notes is a non-Italian resident 
without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are connected, an 
exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian resident 
beneficial owner is either (i) resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with Italy; or (ii) an international body or entity set up 
in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (iii) 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign 
State; or (iv) an institutional investor which is established in a country which allows for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with Italy, even if it does not possess the status of 
taxpayer in this country.

--- Page 127 ---
125 
The countries which allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy are listed 
in the Ministerial Decree 4 September 1996, as amended and supplemented by Ministerial 
Decree dated 23 March 2017. Pursuant to Article 11(4)(c) of Legislative Decree No. 239 
(as amended by Legislative Decree No. 147 of September 14, 2015) the list will be 
updated every six months (the "White List"). 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent or at the reduced or nil 
rate provided for by the applicable double tax treaty (if any, and in any case subject to 
compliance with relevant subjective and procedural requirements) to Interest paid to 
Noteholders who are resident, for tax purposes, in countries which do not allow for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with Italy. 
In order to ensure gross payment, qualifying non-Italian resident Noteholders must be the 
beneficial owners of the payments of Interest and (i) deposit, directly or indirectly, the 
Notes, together with the relevant Coupons, with an Italian resident bank or SIM or other 
qualified intermediary or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank 
or SIM or other qualified intermediary or with a non-Italian resident entity or company 
participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, by 
electronic means, with the Ministry of Economy and Finance and (ii) timely file with the 
relevant depository a statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid until 
withdrawn or revoked, in which the Noteholder declares to meet the requirements to be 
eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, 
which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in the case of foreign 
Central Banks or entities which manage the official reserves of a foreign State, must 
comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001. 
Additional statements may be required for non-Italian resident Noteholders who qualify as 
institutional investors. 
Failure of a non-resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures 
set forth in Legislative Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules will result 
in the application of the imposta sostitutiva on Interests payments to a non-resident holder 
of the Notes. 
4. 
Capital Gains 
Any capital gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as 
part of the taxable business income of the Noteholder subject to ordinary taxation (and, 
in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also as part of the 
net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a 
similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities 
to which the Notes are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected. The capital gains are calculated 
as the difference between the sale price and the relevant tax basis of the Notes. Upon 
fulfilment of certain conditions, the gains may be taxed in equal instalments over up to five 
fiscal years for IRES and for IRAP purposes. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Notes are connected and certain other persons, any capital gain 
realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be subject to 
an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 per cent. Under some conditions 
and limitations, Noteholders may set-off capital losses with gains of the same nature. 
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain, Interest on the Notes accrued 
and unpaid up to the time of the purchase and the sale of the Notes must be deducted 
from the purchase price and the sale price, respectively. 
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three 
regimes described below.

--- Page 128 ---
126 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime 
for Italian resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a 
cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss of the same nature, 
realised by the Italian resident individual Noteholder holding the Notes not in connection 
with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried 
out during any given tax year. Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity must indicate the overall capital gains realised 
in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss of the same nature, in the annual 
tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income 
tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward 
against capital gains of the same nature realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual Noteholders 
holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may elect to pay the 
imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the 
Notes (Risparmio Amministrato regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is 
allowed subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain 
authorised financial intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign 
intermediaries) and (ii) an express election for the Risparmio Amministrato regime being 
timely made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The Risparmio Amministrato lasts for 
the entire fiscal year and unless revoked prior to the end of such year will be deemed valid 
also for the subsequent one. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta 
sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (as 
well as in respect of capital gains realised at revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred 
capital loss of the same nature, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian 
tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the 
proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds provided by the Noteholder for 
this purpose. Under the Risparmio Amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of 
the Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains of the 
same nature subsequently realised, within the same securities management relationship, 
in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the Risparmio 
Amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the 
annual tax return. 
Any capital gains on Notes held by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity who have entrusted the management of their 
financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the 
so-called "Risparmio Gestito" regime will be included in the computation of the annual 
increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject 
to a 26 per cent substitute tax, to be paid on behalf of the taxpayer by the managing 
authorised intermediary. Under the Risparmio Gestito regime, any depreciation of the 
managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of 
the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the Risparmio 
Gestito regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the 
annual tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), 
Italian resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security 
entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree 
No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from Italian capital gain taxes, including the 
imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes if the 
Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements set forth in Article 13-bis, paragraphs 2 or 2-bis, of Law 
Decree 124/2019 and, as applicable, by Article 1(100-114) of Finance Act 2017, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. According to Article 1 (221-226) of Law 
No. 178 of 30 December 2020, under some conditions, capital losses realised upon sale 
or redemption of the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano 
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets specific requirements, give rise to a tax credit

--- Page 129 ---
127 
equal to the capital losses, provided that such tax credit does not exceed the 20% of the 
amount invested in the long-term saving accounts (piano di risparmio a lungo termine). 
Any capital gains on Notes held by a Noteholder who is a Fund, a SICAV or a SICAF to 
which the provisions of Article 9(2) of Legislative Decree 4 March 2014, No. 44 apply is 
subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the 
Funds. Please refer to paragraph "Italian Resident Noteholders" above. 
Any capital gains on Notes held by a Noteholder who is a Pension Fund will be included 
in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period to be subject to 
an ad hoc 20 per cent substitute tax. Subject to certain limitations and requirements 
(including minimum holding period requirement), capital gains on the Notes may be 
excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent substitute tax if the Notes are included 
in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 13-bis, paragraphs 2 or 2-bis, of Law Decree 124/2019 
and, as applicable, by Article 1(100-114) of Finance Act 2017, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
Any capital gains realised by Real Estate Funds on the Notes are not taxable at the level 
of Real Estate Funds. Please refer to paragraph "Italian Resident Noteholders" above. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders (without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected) from the sale or 
redemption of Notes traded on regulated markets in Italy or abroad are not subject to the 
imposta sostitutiva, regardless of whether the Notes are held in Italy. In such a case, in 
order to benefit from this exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains, non-Italian 
resident Noteholders who hold the Notes with an Italian authorised financial intermediary 
and elect to be subject to the Risparmio Gestito regime or are subject to the so-called 
Risparmio Amministrato regime according to Article 6 of Italian Legislative Decree 21 
November 1997, No. 461, may be required to produce in due time to the Italian authorised 
financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration that they are not resident in Italy for 
tax purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders (without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected) from the sale or 
redemption of Notes issued by an Italian or non-Italian resident Issuer not traded on 
regulated markets may in certain circumstances be taxable in Italy if the Notes are held 
in Italy. However, a non-Italian resident beneficial owner of Notes without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected is not subject to the 
imposta sostitutiva on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes, 
provided that he/she/it: (i) is resident in a country included in the White List; or (ii) is an 
international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which have 
entered into force in Italy; or (iii) is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, 
the official reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) is an institutional investor which is resident 
or established in a country included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status 
of taxpayer in its own country of residence. In such cases, in order to benefit from this 
exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains, non-Italian resident Noteholders who hold 
the Notes with an Italian authorised financial intermediary and elect to be subject to the 
Risparmio Gestito regime or are subject to the so-called Risparmio Amministrato regime 
according to Article 6 of Italian Legislative Decree 21 November 1997, No. 461 may be 
required to produce in due time to the Italian authorised financial intermediary an 
appropriate self-declaration stating that they meet the subjective requirements indicated 
above. Additional statements may be required for non-Italian resident Noteholders who 
are institutional investors. 
Non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy 
providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed 
only in the country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes. In

--- Page 130 ---
128 
such a case, in order to benefit from this exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains, 
non-Italian resident Noteholders who hold the Notes with an Italian authorised financial 
intermediary and elect to be subject to the Risparmio Gestito regime or are subject to the 
Risparmio Amministrato regime according to Article 6 of Italian Legislative Decree 21 
November 1997, No. 461 may be required to produce in due time to the Italian authorised 
financial intermediary appropriate documents which include, inter alia, a statement from 
the competent tax authorities of the country of residence. 
5. 
Stamp tax 
Presidential Decree 26 October 1972, No. 642, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented, provides for a proportional stamp tax on periodical reporting 
communications sent by banks and financial intermediaries regarding, with certain 
exceptions (e.g. investments in pension funds), all financial instruments deposited in Italy. 
The stamp tax is collected by banks and other financial intermediaries. By operation of 
law, the reporting communication is deemed as sent to the investor at least once a year. 
The stamp tax applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent and it cannot exceed €14,000 for taxpayers 
different from individuals. In particular, it is applied, on a yearly basis, on the market value 
of the financial instruments, or, lacking such value, on the nominal or reimbursement value 
of such instruments.  
The proportional stamp duty does not apply to communications sent by Italian financial 
intermediaries to subjects not qualifying as clients, as defined by Provision of the 
Governor of Bank of Italy 20 June 2012. Communications and reports sent to this type of 
investors are subject to the ordinary €2.00 stamp duty for each copy. Moreover the 
proportional stamp duty does not apply to communications send to Pension Funds. 
6. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: 
(i) public deeds and notarised deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private autenticate) executed 
in Italy are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of €200; (ii) private deeds (scritture 
private non autenticate) are subject to registration tax at rate of €200 only in case of use 
or voluntary registration or on the occurrence of the "enunciazione". 
7. 
Wealth tax on securities deposited abroad 
If the Notes are held abroad by individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships 
(società semplici or similar partnership in accordance with Article 5 of ITC) resident in Italy 
for tax purposes (not deposited in Italy and not managed by certain Italian intermediaries), 
another "stamp duty" (IVAFE), introduced by Article 19 of Law Decree 6 December 2011, 
No. 201, as amended and supplemented, applies at the yearly-based rate of 0.2 per cent. 
For taxpayers different from individuals, IVAFE cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year. This 
tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or – if no 
market value figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such 
financial assets held outside the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to deduct from the 
tax a tax credit equal to any wealth taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are 
held (up to the amount of the Italian wealth tax due). 
8. 
Tax monitoring 
Pursuant to Law Decree 28 June 1990, No. 167, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August, 
1990, as amended by Law No. 97 of 6 August 2013, individuals, non-profit entities and 
certain partnerships (in particular, società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance 
with Article 5 of TUIR) resident in Italy for tax purposes, who at the end of the year hold 
investments abroad or have financial foreign activities by means of which income of 
foreign source can be accrued must, in some circumstances, disclose the aforesaid and 
related transactions to the Italian tax authorities in their income tax return (or, in case the 
income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same time as 
prescribed for the income tax return). The requirement applies also where the individuals

--- Page 131 ---
129 
above, being not the direct holders of the foreign investments or financial activities, are 
the beneficial owners of them. 
The disclosure requirements are not due if the foreign financial investments (including the 
Notes) are deposited for management or administration with qualified Italian resident 
intermediary, with respect to contracts entered into through their intervention, or are only 
composed by deposits and/or bank accounts having an aggregate value not exceeding 
an €15,000 threshold throughout the year, provided that the cash flow and the income 
derived from such investments/ activities have been subject to Italian withholding or 
imposta sostitutiva by the such intermediaries. 
9. 
Italian inheritance and gift tax 
Pursuant to Law Decree 3 October 2006, No. 262, transfers of any valuable asset 
(including shares, bonds or other securities) as a result of death or donation of Italian 
residents and of non-Italian residents, but in such latter case limited to assets held within 
the Italian territory (which, for presumption of law, includes bonds issued by Italian 
resident issuers), are generally taxed in Italy as follows: 
‒ 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent on the value 
of the inheritance or the gift exceeding €1,000,000 for each beneficiary; 
‒ 
transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent inheritance and 
gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding €100,000 for each 
beneficiary; 
‒ 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third 
degree are subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent on the 
entire value of the inheritance or the gift; and 
‒ 
any other transfer is subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per 
cent on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the beneficiary has a serious disability recognised by law, inheritance and gift taxes 
apply on its portion of the net asset value exceeding €1,500,000. 
If the donee sells the Notes for consideration from the receipt thereof as a gift, the donee 
is required to pay the relevant imposta sostitutiva on capital gains as if the gift has never 
taken place. 
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term savings account 
(piano di risparmio a lungo termine) – that meets the requirements set forth in Article 13-
bis, paragraphs 2 or 2-bis, of Law Decree 124/2019 and, as applicable, by Article 1 (100-
114) of Finance Act 2017, as amended from time to time – is exempt from inheritance tax. 
10. 
European Directive on Administrative Cooperation 
Legislative Decree No. 29 of 4 March 2014, as supplemented from time to time, has 
implemented the EU Council Directive 2011/16/EU (as amended by 2014/107/UE, 
2015/2376/UE, 2016/881/UE; 2016/2258/UE and 2018/822/UE), on administrative 
cooperation in the field of taxation (the "DAC"). 
The main purpose of the DAC is to extend the automatic exchange of information 
mechanism between Member States, in order to fight against cross border tax fraud and 
tax evasion. The new regime under DAC is in accordance with the Global Standard 
released by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development in July 2014. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers on the tax consequences deriving 
from the application of the DAC.

--- Page 132 ---
130 
The Directive on Administrative Cooperation (2014/107/EU) of December 9, 2014 (“DAC 
2”) implemented the exchange of information based on the Common reporting Standard 
(“CRS”) within the EU. Under CRS, participating jurisdictions will obtain from reporting 
financial institutions, and automatically exchange with exchange partners on an annual 
basis, financial information with respect to all reportable accounts identified by financial 
institutions on the basis of common due diligence, and reporting procedures. 
The EU Council Directive 2018/822/EU of 25 May 2018 (“DAC 6”) implemented the 
mandatory automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation in relation to 
reportable cross-border arrangements. Under DAC 6 intermediaries which meet certain 
criteria and taxpayers are required to disclose to the relevant Tax Authorities certain 
cross-border arrangements, which contain one or more of a prescribed list of hallmarks, 
performed from 25 June 2018 onwards.  
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers on the tax consequences deriving 
from the application of the Directive on Administrative Cooperation.

--- Page 133 ---
131 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banca Akros S.p.A. - 
Gruppo Banco BPM, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays 
Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, BPER Banca S.p.A., Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank, Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC 
Continental Europe, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V., NatWest Markets N.V., SMBC Bank EU AG, Société Générale, 
UBS Europe SE and UniCredit Bank AG (the "Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes 
may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set 
out in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 8 June 2022 (the "Dealer Agreement") 
and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the 
resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional 
or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche 
of Notes. 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer 
and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, 
the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and 
the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that 
Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between 
the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed 
by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as 
"Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and 
several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those 
Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those 
Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilisation 
Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. Any such 
agreement for the issue and subscription of Notes will, inter alia, make provision for the form and 
terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed for 
by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by 
the Issuer in respect of such subscription. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or neither 
if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion 
of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which 
it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.

--- Page 134 ---
132 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any 
Tranche, any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
European Union – Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one 
(or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
UK – Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018, as amended ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will 
only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in 
investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in 
connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of 
the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will

--- Page 135 ---
133 
not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. As used in this 
paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation 
or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società 
e la Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may 
be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati) as defined in Article 2, letter e) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, pursuant to Article 1, fourth paragraph, letter a) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and in Article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings 
pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation and any other applicable Italian laws 
and regulations. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or 
any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be in compliance with the 
selling restrictions under (a) and (b) above and: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (in each case as amended from time to time) and 
any other applicable laws and regulations; and 
(ii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority (including, inter alia, where 
applicable Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of 
securities in the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy issued on 25 August 2015, as amended on 10 August 2016 and on 2 November 
2020). 
Republic of France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in 
Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier and it has only distributed or caused 
to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France to such qualified 
investors this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the 
Notes. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, severally and not jointly, that it has complied 
and will comply, to the best of its knowledge and belief, with all applicable laws and regulations 
in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Drawdown Prospectus or any 
Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into 
whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material comes are 
required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each 
country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess,

--- Page 136 ---
134 
distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in 
all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions 
relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a 
result of change(s), after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the first sub-
paragraph under this paragraph headed "General" above. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers has represented that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold 
in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating 
such sale. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a 
supplement or modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to 
this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 137 ---
135 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted during the 
period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial 
instruments. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange but admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any other 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system of the European Union as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Authorisations 
The update of the Programme and the performance of obligations thereunder was authorised by 
a resolution of the Board of Directors of Leonardo passed on 5 May 2022. 
All necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and 
performance of the obligations under the Notes will be in place prior to each issue of Notes. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1 855 Luxembourg. 
The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the 
relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Use of proceeds 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes including, without limitation, to meet its general financing requirements. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed under the section headed "Leonardo and the Leonardo Group – Litigation" on 
pages 109 and 110 of this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the 
Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of Leonardo Group. 
Material adverse / Significant change 
Save as disclosed in the section headed "Leonardo and the Leonardo Group – Recent 
developments" on page 115 of this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change 
in the prospects of Leonardo since 31 December 2021 (the end of the last financial period for 
which consolidated audited financial statements have been published) and no significant change 
in the financial position or performance of the Leonardo Group, taken as a whole, since 31 March 
2022 (the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published) to 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the

--- Page 138 ---
136 
Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield 
to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Auditors 
The Issuer’s current external and independent auditors are EY S.p.A. appointed by the 
shareholders' meeting of the Issuer held on 20 May 2020 for the period 2021-2029.  
EY S.p.A. is authorised and regulated by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance (MEF) and 
registered on the special register of auditing firms held by the MEF. The registered office of EY 
S.p.A. is at Via Meravigli, 31, 20123, Milan, Italy. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2021, incorporated by reference herein, have been audited by EY S.p.A., independent auditors, 
as set forth in their report incorporated by reference herein, in accordance with generally accepted 
auditing standards in Italy. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2020, incorporated by reference herein, were audited by KPMG S.p.A., as former independent 
auditors, as set forth in their report incorporated by reference herein, in accordance with generally 
accepted auditing standards in Italy. KPMG S.p.A. is authorised and regulated by the Italian 
Ministry of Economy and Finance (MEF) and registered on the special register of auditing firms 
held by the MEF. The registered office of KPMG S.p.A. is at Via Curtatone, 3, 00185 Rome, Italy. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer – Potential conflicts of interest 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services 
for, the Issuer and the Issuer's affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers 
and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in Notes issued under the 
Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering 
into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and the Issuer's affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade bank loans, debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments for their own account and for 
the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates 
that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely 
affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients 
that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.  
In relation to the issue and subscription of any Tranche of Notes, fees and/or commissions may 
be payable to the relevant Dealer(s). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the term "affiliate(s)" also includes parent companies. 
Documents available for inspection 
Copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be available 
for inspection on the Issuer's website at https://www.leonardocompany.com/en/investors/debt-

--- Page 139 ---
137 
and-credit-rating/bond for ten years from their publication and, in any case, for so long as any 
Notes shall be outstanding: 
(a) 
the most recently published audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer 
and the most recently published consolidated interim financial statements (if any) of the 
issuer (in each case with an English translation thereof as soon as such translation is 
available) 
(b) 
this Base Prospectus, any supplements hereto and the documents incorporated by 
reference herein; 
(c) 
any Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. However, in the 
case of any Notes which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, the relevant Final Terms 
will only be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders; 
(d) 
the by-laws (statuto) of Leonardo – Società per azioni (with an English translation thereof); 
and 
(e) 
the Agency Agreement. 
In addition, this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and each document incorporated by 
reference are available on Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website at www.bourse.lu. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 529900X4EEX1U9LN3U39. 
Issuer website 
The Issuer's website is https://www.leonardocompany.com/en/home. Unless specifically 
incorporated into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies after 
the end of its 12-month validity period. 
Post issuance Information 
The Issuer will not provide any post issuance information, unless required to do so by any 
applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 140 ---
138 
ISSUER 
Leonardo – Società per azioni 
Registered office: 
Piazza Monte Grappa, 4 
00195 Rome 
Italy 
ARRANGER 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
DEALERS 
Banca Akros S.p.A. - Gruppo Banco BPM 
Viale Eginardo, 29  
20149 Milano 
Italy 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Asia Building 1st floor 
C/Sauceda 28 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16 Boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via G. Negri 10 
20123 Milano 
Italy 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A.  
Calle de Ayala 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan

--- Page 141 ---
139 
Italy 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
Netherlands 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58, 60311  
Frankfurt 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4, 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
FISCAL AGENT 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
11, avenue Emile Reuter 
L-2420 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
PAYING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69, route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Italian law: 
Legance Avvocati Associati  
Via Broletto, 20 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
To the Dealers as to English and Italian law: 
Studio Legale Associato in associazione con Clifford Chance 
Via Broletto, 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO LEONARDO – Società per azioni 
For the financial year ended 31 December 2021 and thereafter: 
EY S.p.A. 
Via Meravigli, 31,  
20123, Milan 
Italy

--- Page 142 ---
140 
For the financial year ended 31 December 2020: 
KPMG S.p.A. 
Via Curtatone, 3 
00185 Rome 
Italy 
LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg