--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 24 June 2021 
 
 
 
LEONTEQ SECURITIES AG 
(Incorporated in Switzerland) 
as Issuer 
which may also be acting through its Guernsey branch (Leonteq Securities AG, Guernsey Branch) 
or its Amsterdam branch (Leonteq Securities AG, Amsterdam Branch) 
European Issuance and Offering Programme 
for the issuance of Notes, Certificates and Warrants 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lead Manager 
Leonteq Securities AG, Zurich

--- Page 2 ---
Introductory Cover Note 
 
1 
 
INTRODUCTORY COVER NOTE 
What is this document? 
This document (the "Base Prospectus") constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation in respect of all Products, other than Exempt Products (each as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months after its approval and will expire on 24 June 2022.  
This Base Prospectus may be supplemented from time to time to reflect any significant new factor, 
material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in it. The obligation to supplement a 
prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
the information included in it does not apply when such prospectus is no longer valid. Each supplement 
will be available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu. 
This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces in its entirety the Base Prospectus dated 24 June 2020, in 
respect of the Programme (as defined below). This does not affect any Products issued prior to the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
When used in this document, "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Products" are to Products for which no 
prospectus is required to be published in the European Economic Area ("EEA") under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation (or in respect of which a separate prospectus will be published under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation). 
Approval of the Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF"), which is the competent authority for the purpose of the EU Prospectus Regulation, for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Products (excluding Exempt Products) by 
Leonteq Securities AG which may also be acting through its Guernsey branch (Leonteq Securities AG, 
Guernsey Branch) or its Amsterdam branch (Leonteq Securities AG, Amsterdam Branch) (the "Issuer") 
under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. The CSSF 
has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Pursuant to article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law 
dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"), by approving 
this Base Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to, and assumes no responsibility for, the 
economic and financial characteristics of the Products to be issued hereunder or the quality and solvency 
of the Issuer. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the Products 
that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Products.  
The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed the Form of Pricing Supplement or the information 
contained therein nor reviewed any information in relation to an admission to trading on SIX Swiss 
Exchange and offers to the public in Switzerland. In addition, the CSSF has neither approved nor 
reviewed any information in relation to the Exempt Products. 
This Base Prospectus has also been approved by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the purpose of 
giving information with regard to the issue of Exempt Products only by the Issuer under the Programme 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
What type of products may be issued under this Base Prospectus? 
The Issuer may from time to time issue securities in the form of Notes, Certificates or Warrants (all of 
which are referred to in this Base Prospectus as "Products") as part of the European Issuance and 
Offering Programme for the issuance of Notes, Certificates and Warrants (the "Programme") under this 
Base Prospectus. Products may (a) have any maturity, (b) be listed and traded on a regulated (or other) 
market, or not listed or traded, (c) be non-interest bearing or bear fixed or floating rate interest or other 
variable interest, (d) have interest and/or redemption amounts which are dependent on the performance 
of one or more underlying(s) (as described below), (e) be partially redeemed on partial redemption dates 
prior to the scheduled final redemption date, (f) be settled by way of cash payment or delivery of the 
underlying(s) and (g) provide that the scheduled amount payable could be as low as zero or else provide 
some level of minimum scheduled amount payable at maturity (subject to the credit risk of the Issuer).

--- Page 3 ---
Introductory Cover Note 
 
2 
 
Products may or may not be subject to mandatory early redemption dependent on the performance of the 
underlying(s) and/or have an option to allow early redemption at the discretion of the Issuer prior to 
scheduled maturity.  
The Products are unsecured and unsubordinated general obligations of the Issuer, provided that the Issuer 
may issue Products with collateral security in the form of TCM Secured Products. The relevant Issue 
Terms (as defined below) will indicate whether or not the Product is a TCM Secured Product. 
What type of underlying(s) may determine the interest and/or redemption amount payable (or 
underlying(s) deliverable) under the Products? 
The interest and repayment terms of Products issued under this Base Prospectus may be linked to the 
performance of one or more of the following types of Underlying(s): share, participation certificate, 
depositary receipt, index, commodity, currency exchange rate, futures contract, fixed rate instrument, 
derivative instrument, exchange traded fund share, fund unit, interest rate, reference rate or a basket 
containing some or all of such types of assets. Investors in Products will have no rights of ownership in 
the Underlying(s) in respect of such Product. 
Who is the Issuer and where do I find information about it? 
The Products will be issued by Leonteq Securities AG which may also be acting through its Guernsey 
branch ("Leonteq Securities AG, Guernsey Branch") or its Amsterdam branch ("Leonteq Securities 
AG, Amsterdam Branch") ("Leonteq" or the "Issuer"). The payment of any amount or delivery of any 
underlying(s) under the Products is subject to the financial position of the Issuer and the ability of the 
Issuer to meet its obligations at the relevant time. The Registration Document for the Issuer (as defined 
in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 'Information Incorporated by Reference') which is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, together with other information provided in this 
Base Prospectus, provides a description of the business activities of the Issuer as well as certain financial 
information and material risks faced by the Issuer. 
The Products (other than the TCM Secured Products) are unsecured and unsubordinated general 
obligations of the Issuer. The TCM Secured Products are general obligations of the Issuer that are 
collateralized in accordance with the TCM Security Agreement (as described in more detail below in the 
section of this Base Prospectus 'Description of TCM ("Triparty Collateral Management") Secured 
Products').  
How do I use this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus (including the Registration Document and any other information which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) contains all information which is necessary to enable 
investors to make an informed decision regarding the financial position and prospects of the Issuer and 
the rights attaching to the Products. Some of this information is incorporated by reference from other 
publicly available documents and some of this information is completed in the Issue Terms (as described 
below). Investors should read each of these documents, before making any decision to invest in a Product. 
What are Issue Terms? 
"Issue Terms" means either (i) if the Products are not Exempt Products, the applicable Final Terms, or 
(ii) if the Products are Exempt Products, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
What are Final Terms? 
The "Final Terms" will be prepared in relation to each issuance of Products (other than Exempt 
Products), and sets out the specific details of the Products. For example, the Final Terms will contain the 
issue date, the redemption date, the Underlying(s) to which the Products are linked (and the related 
Underlying Specific Conditions which apply to the Products) and specify the applicable Payout 
Conditions used to calculate the redemption amount and any interest payments (if applicable) of the 
Products. Final Terms will be prepared and deposited with the FinSA Prospectus Office in connection 
with each Swiss Public Offering/FMIA Admission to Trading (via FinSA Prospectus Recognition) (as 
described in "Important Legal Information – Offer in Switzerland" below).

--- Page 4 ---
Introductory Cover Note 
 
3 
 
In addition, an issue-specific summary will be annexed to the Final Terms for each issuance of the 
Products (other than Exempt Products) where required under the EU Prospectus Regulation. Each issue-
specific summary will contain a summary of key information relating to the Issuer, the Products, the risks 
relating to the Issuer and the Products, and the offer of the Products.  
What is a Pricing Supplement? 
A "Pricing Supplement" will be prepared in relation to each issuance of Exempt Products, and sets out 
the specific details of the Exempt Products. For example, the Pricing Supplement will contain the issue 
date, the redemption date, the Underlying(s) to which the Products are linked (and the related Underlying 
Specific Conditions which apply to the Product) and specify the applicable Payout Conditions used to 
calculate the redemption amount and any interest payments (if applicable) of the Exempt Product. 
What are the risks in relation to the Products? 
Investing in the Products is subject to a number of risks, as described in the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled 'Risk Factors' below, including the section 'Risk Factors' in the Registration 
Document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The Products are speculative investments, 
and returns may at times be volatile and losses may occur quickly and in unanticipated magnitude. 
Depending on the particular Payout Conditions (as described in this Base Prospectus and as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms) of the Products, holders of Products (defined below, as "Investors") may 
bear the risk of losing some or up to all of their investment depending on the performance of the 
Underlying(s) to which the Products are linked. For all Products other than TCM Secured Products, if 
the Issuer becomes insolvent or bankrupt or otherwise fails to make payment or meet its delivery 
obligations in respect of the Products, Investors will lose some or all of their investment. In respect of 
TCM Secured Products, if the Issuer becomes insolvent or bankrupt or otherwise fails to make payment 
or meet its delivery obligations in respect of the Products Investors may benefit from a claim over certain 
collateral; however, Investors may also suffer losses if the value of the collateral declines. 
Investors should not acquire a Product unless they(whether on their own or in conjunction with a financial 
adviser) understand the nature of the Product and the extent of the exposure to potential loss on the 
Product, and any investment in a Product must be consistent with such Investor's overall investment 
strategy. Investors (whether on their own or in conjunction with a financial adviser) should consider 
carefully whether the Product is suitable for them in the light of their investment objectives, financial 
capabilities and expertise. Investors should consult their own legal, tax, accountancy, regulatory, 
investment and other professional advisers as may be required to assist them in determining the suitability 
of the Product for them as an investment.

--- Page 5 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
4 
 
IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION 
THE AMOUNT PAYABLE OR UNDERLYING(S) DELIVERABLE ON REDEMPTION OF 
THE PRODUCTS MAY BE LESS THAN THE ORIGINAL INVESTED AMOUNT AND IN 
SOME CASES MAY BE ZERO, IN WHICH CASE INVESTORS WILL LOSE SOME OR 
ALL OF THEIR INVESTMENT. 
WHEN INVESTING IN THE PRODUCTS, INVESTORS ARE SUBJECT TO THE CREDIT 
RISK OF THE ISSUER. FOR TCM SECURED PRODUCTS ONLY, INVESTORS WILL 
ALSO HAVE RECOURSE TO THE RELEVANT COLLATERAL. THE PRODUCTS 
(OTHER THAN THE TCM SECURED PRODUCTS) ARE UNSECURED OBLIGATIONS 
OF THE ISSUER. THE PRODUCTS ARE NOT BANK DEPOSITS AND ARE NEITHER 
INSURED NOR GUARANTEED BY ANY GOVERNMENTAL AGENCY OR DEPOSIT 
PROTECTION SCHEME IN SWITZERLAND OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. 
THEREFORE, IF THE ISSUER FAILS OR IS OTHERWISE UNABLE TO MEET ITS 
PAYMENT OR DELIVERY OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE PRODUCTS (OTHER THAN 
THE TCM SECURED PRODUCTS), INVESTORS WILL LOSE SOME OR ALL OF THEIR 
INVESTMENT. IN RESPECT OF THE TCM SECURED PRODUCTS, IF THE 
COLLATERAL IS LIQUIDATED AND THE VALUE OF THE COLLATERAL IS LESS 
THAN THE VALUE OF THE TCM SECURED PRODUCT, INVESTORS MAY LOSE SOME 
OF THEIR INVESTMENT. 
INVESTING IN PRODUCTS INVOLVES CERTAIN RISKS, AND INVESTORS SHOULD 
FULLY UNDERSTAND THESE BEFORE THEY INVEST. SEE THE SECTION HEADED 
'RISK FACTORS' BELOW. 
EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of the relevant Products specifies 'Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors' as 'Not Applicable', the Products are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Products or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Products 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
Offer in Switzerland 
If and to the extent that the Products will be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within 
the meaning of the Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018 ("FinSA") or if the Products shall be admitted 
to trading on a Swiss trading venue pursuant to the Financial Market Infrastructure Act of 19 June 2015 
("FMIA"), e.g. on SIX Swiss Exchange, a prospectus in accordance with FinSA would be required as 
from 1 December 2020. Such requirement may be met on the basis of (i) an automatic recognition of this 
Base Prospectus in Switzerland under the rules of the FinSA by way of a notification of, and a registration 
of this Base Prospectus with, a Swiss prospectus office (a "FinSA Prospectus Office") pursuant to the 
rules of the FinSA, as implemented by the relevant FinSA Prospectus Office and (ii) depositing the 
relevant Final Terms with the FinSA Prospectus Office. Such a registration would be possible for a Base 
Prospectus that is approved by the CSSF, as competent authority under the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Any such Swiss offering and/or listing and/or admission to trading described in this paragraph and in 
respect of which the FinSA prospectus requirement is intended to be satisfied in accordance with (i) and 
(ii) in this paragraph above, is referred to as a "Swiss Public Offering/FMIA Admission to Trading 
(via FinSA Prospectus Recognition)".

--- Page 6 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
5 
 
Except to the extent the Base Prospectus is registered with the FinSA Prospectus Office under the rules 
of the FinSA, neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Products constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Products may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland, unless the requirements of FinSA and Financial Services Ordinance of 
6 November 2019 ("FinSO") for such public distribution are complied with.  
None of the Products constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of 
the Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006 ("CISA") and are neither subject to the 
authorisation nor the supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA") and 
investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection provided under the CISA. 
If and to the extent the Products will be offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly to retail clients 
(Privatkundinnen und -kunden) within the meaning of FinSA ("Retail Clients") a key investor document 
(Basisinformationsblatt) pursuant to Article 58 et seqq. of FinSA relating to the Products (a "FinSA-
KID") would need to be prepared, unless the Retail Clients shall receive a key information document 
pursuant to the EU PRIIPs Regulation instead of a FinSA-KID. Prior to 1 January 2022, the issuer may 
use a Swiss simplified prospectus in the sense of the CISA ("Swiss Simplified Prospectus") instead of 
a FinSA-KID or a key information document pursuant to the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
Benchmarks Regulation: Amounts payable under the Products or underlying(s) deliverable under the 
Products may be calculated or otherwise determined by reference to a reference rate, an index or a price 
source. Any such reference rate, index or price source may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of 
EU Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the "Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such 
reference rate, index or price source does constitute such a benchmark the relevant Issue Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. Not every reference rate, 
index or price source may fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of 
any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required 
by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Issue Terms may not be updated in 
order to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
No investment advice 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Issue Terms is or purports to be investment advice. Unless expressly 
agreed otherwise with a particular Investor, none of the Issuer or the Lead Manager is acting as an 
investment adviser, providing advice of any other nature, or assuming any fiduciary obligation to any 
Investor in the Products.  
Independent evaluation 
Nothing in this Base Prospectus is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation (except 
in respect of any purchase of the Products described herein) or should be considered as a recommendation 
by the Issuer or the Lead Manager that any recipient of this Base Prospectus (or any document referred 
to herein) should purchase any Products.  
Investors should not purchase any Products unless they understand the extent of their exposure to 
potential loss. Investors are urged to read the risk factors described in the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled 'Risk Factors' below, together with the other information in this Base Prospectus (including any 
information incorporated by reference), as supplemented from time to time, and the Issue Terms, before 
investing in the Products. 
Investors should note that (i) the risks described in the section in this Base Prospectus entitled 'Risk 
Factors' below and (ii) the risks described in the section entitled 'Risk Factors' of the Registration 
Document (which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) are not the only risks that the 
Issuer faces or that may arise because of the nature of the Products. The Issuer has described only those 
risks relating to its operations and to the Products that the Issuer considers to be material. There may be 
additional risks that the Issuer currently considers not to be material or of which it is not currently aware.

--- Page 7 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
6 
 
Given the nature, complexity and risks inherent in the Products (and investments relating to the type of 
Underlying(s)), the Products may not be suitable for investors' investment objectives in light of their 
financial position. Investors should consider seeking independent advice to assist them in determining 
whether the Products are a suitable investment for them and to assist them in evaluating the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or set out in the Issue Terms. 
Investors have sole responsibility for the management of their tax and legal affairs including making any 
applicable filings and payments and complying with any applicable laws and regulations. None of the 
Issuer, the Lead Manager, any Agent or any of their respective affiliates will provide investors with tax 
or legal advice and investors should obtain their own independent tax and legal advice tailored to their 
individual circumstances. The tax treatment of securities, such as the Products, can be complex and the 
tax treatment applied to an individual depends on their circumstances. The level and basis of taxation 
may change during the term of any Product.  
Amounts due to be paid to Investors are described on a gross basis, i.e., without calculating any tax 
liability. The Issuer shall make no deduction for any tax, duty, or other charge unless required by law. 
Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Calculation Agent under the Products  
Under the terms and conditions of the Products, following the occurrence of certain events outside of the 
control of the Issuer, the Lead Manager, the Agents and their respective affiliates, the Calculation Agent 
may exercise discretion to take one or more of the actions available to it in order to deal with the impact 
of such event on the Products or (if applicable) the Issuer's hedging arrangements. Any such discretionary 
determinations could have a material adverse impact on the value of and return on the Products.  
Distribution 
The distribution or delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Issue Terms and any offer or sale of the 
Products in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. This document does not constitute, and may 
not be used for the purposes of, an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer 
or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offering or 
solicitation. Other than as expressly described in this Base Prospectus, no action is being taken to permit 
an offering of the Products or the delivery of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Issue Terms comes are required by the Issuer to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. Details of selling restrictions for various 
jurisdictions are set out in the section 'Purchase and Sale' below and may also be set out in the Issue 
Terms. 
United States selling restrictions 
The Products and in certain cases, the Entitlements have not been and will not be registered under the 
US Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority 
of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Trading in the Products and the Entitlements has 
not been approved by the US Commodities Futures Trading Commission under the US Commodity 
Exchange Act of 1936 (the "Commodity Exchange Act") and the rules and regulations promulgated 
thereunder. The Products and in certain cases, the Entitlements, may not be offered and sold within the 
United States, or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S")) ("U.S. persons"), except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. The Products are 
being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
Products in bearer form may be subject to US tax law requirements (as described below). Subject to 
certain exceptions, such Products may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its 
possessions or to, or for the account or benefit of, United States persons (as defined in the US Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the "Code") and the regulations thereunder). 
For a description of these and certain further restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of Products and 
delivery of this Base Prospectus and any Issue Terms, see 'Purchase and Sale' herein. 
THE PRODUCTS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY 
THE US SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES 
COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER US REGULATORY AUTHORITY,

--- Page 8 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
7 
 
NOR HAVE ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE 
MERITS OF THE OFFERING OF PRODUCTS OR THE ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF 
THE OFFERING DOCUMENTS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL 
OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Guernsey Regulatory 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Products offered pursuant to this Base Prospectus have been 
reviewed or approved by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and neither the Guernsey 
Financial Services Commission nor does the States of Guernsey take any responsibility for the financial 
soundness of the Issuer or its securities, or for the correctness of any of the statements made or opinions 
expressed with regard to it. 
If you are in any doubt about the contents of this Base Prospectus you should consult your accountant, 
legal or professional adviser or financial adviser. 
The directors of the Issuer have taken all reasonable care to ensure that the facts stated in this document 
are true and accurate in all material respects, and that there are no other facts the omission of which 
would make misleading any statement in the document, whether of facts or of opinion. All of the directors 
accept responsibility accordingly. 
It should be remembered that the price of products and the income from them can go down as well as up. 
Change of circumstances 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus (including the Registration Document or any other 
information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) or any Issue Terms, nor any sale of 
Products, shall create any impression that information in such documents relating to the Issuer is correct 
at any time subsequent to the date of the Base Prospectus and the Registration Document or that any 
other information supplied in connection with the Products or the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date of the relevant document containing the same (the foregoing being without 
prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under applicable rules and regulations). 
Representations 
In connection with the issue and sale of the Products, no person has been authorised to give any 
information or to make any representation not contained in or consistent with the Base Prospectus and 
Issue Terms and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer. None of the Issuer, the Lead Manager, any Agent or any of their respective 
affiliates accepts any responsibility for any information not contained in this Base Prospectus and Issue 
Terms.  
Calculations and determinations 
All calculations and determinations in respect of the Products shall be made by the Calculation Agent. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms for a particular Product, Leonteq Securities AG will act as 
the Calculation Agent for all Products (in such capacity, the "Calculation Agent"). All calculations and 
determinations made by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Products shall be final and binding on 
the Issuer and Investors in the absence of manifest error. No liability shall attach to the Calculation Agent 
for errors or omissions in respect of any calculation, determination or other exercise of discretion under 
the Conditions provided that, it has acted in accordance with General Condition 11.2 (Determinations by 
the Calculation Agent). 
Capitalised terms 
All capitalised terms used will be defined in this Base Prospectus or the Issue Terms and are referenced 
in the Index to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 9 ---
8 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................... 
11 
This section provides an overview of certain key features of the Programme. This section is 
relevant for all Products. 
 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................... 
14 
This section sets out the principal risks of investing in Products issued under this Base 
Prospectus, including key risks relating to the Issuer (which are incorporated by reference 
from the Registration Document) and of investments linked to different types of Underlyings. 
This section is relevant for all Products. 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ...................................................... 
44 
This section incorporates selected financial information regarding the Issuer from publicly 
available documents. This section is relevant for all Products. 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PRODUCTS ........................................................... 
47 
Comprises the General Conditions, the applicable Payout Conditions and the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions (which, together with the Issue Terms, comprises the terms 
and conditions of the Product). This section is relevant for all Products. 
 
 
GENERAL CONDITIONS ...................................................................................  
49 
 
Sets out the terms and conditions that apply to all Products. 
 
 
PAYOUT CONDITIONS ......................................................................................  
79 
 
Sets out the additional terms and conditions in relation to the redemption and 
interest payments (if applicable) in respect of the Products. Only those Payout 
Conditions specified in the Issue Terms as applicable will apply to a particular 
series of Products. 
 
 
1 
YIELD ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS .............................................. 
79 
 
2 
TWIN WIN PRODUCTS .....................................................................  
114 
 
3 
FIXED REDEMPTION PRODUCTS ..................................................  
130 
 
4 
PROTECTION PRODUCTS ................................................................  
134 
 
5 
BONUS PRODUCTS ...........................................................................  
153 
 
6 
REVERSE CONVERTIBLE PRODUCTS ..........................................  
176 
 
7 
BARRIER REVERSE CONVERTIBLE PRODUCTS ........................  
183 
 
8 
TRACKER PRODUCTS ......................................................................  
203 
 
9 
DUAL CURRENCY PRODUCTS .......................................................  
224 
 
10 
DISCOUNT PRODUCTS ....................................................................  
227 
 
11 
LEVERAGE PRODUCTS ....................................................................  
229 
 
12 
OUTPERFORMANCE PRODUCTS ...................................................  
243 
 
13 
LONG/SHORT PRODUCTS ...............................................................  
253 
 
14 
DISPERSION PRODUCTS ..................................................................  
259

--- Page 10 ---
9 
 
 
15 
STEEPENER PRODUCTS...................................................................  
263 
 
16 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS ..................................................................  
268 
 
UNDERLYING SPECIFIC CONDITIONS ........................................................... 
277 
 
Each of the following sections sets out additional terms and conditions for 
Products linked to a particular type of Underlying. Only those Underlying Linked 
Conditions specified in the Issue Terms as applicable will apply to a particular 
series of Products. 
 
 
 
SHARE LINKED CONDITIONS ........................................................  
277 
 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Share 
Linked Products. 
 
 
 
PARTICIPATION CERTIFICATE (GENUSSSCHEINE) LINKED 
CONDITIONS ......................................................................................  
286 
 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to 
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Products. 
 
 
 
INDEX LINKED CONDITIONS .........................................................  
295 
 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Index 
Linked Products. 
 
 
 
DEPOSITARY RECEIPT LINKED CONDITIONS ...........................  
302 
 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to 
Depositary Receipt Linked Products. 
 
 
 
COMMODITY LINKED CONDITIONS ............................................  
311 
 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to 
Commodity Linked Products. 
 
 
 
CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE LINKED CONDITIONS..............  
317 
 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Currency 
Exchange Rate Linked Products. 
 
 
 
FUTURES CONTRACT LINKED CONDITIONS .............................  
325 
 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Futures 
Contract Linked Products. 
 
 
 
FIXED RATE INSTRUMENT AND DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENT 
LINKED CONDITIONS ......................................................................  
331 
 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Fixed 
Rate Instrument Linked Products and Derivative Instrument Linked 
Products. 
 
 
 
ETF LINKED CONDITIONS ..............................................................  
338 
 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to ETF 
Linked Products.

--- Page 11 ---
10 
 
 
 
FUND LINKED CONDITIONS ..........................................................  
348 
 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Fund 
Linked Products. 
 
 
 
REFERENCE RATE LINKED CONDITIONS ...................................  
355 
 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to 
Reference Rate Linked Products. 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................... 
359 
This section sets out a template for the Final Terms to be used for each issuance of Products 
other than Exempt Products. It is relevant to all Products (other than Exempt Products). 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ................................................................................... 
490 
This section sets out a template for the Pricing Supplement to be used for each issuance of 
Exempt Products. It is relevant to all Exempt Products. 
 
DESCRIPTION OF TCM ("TRIPARTY COLLATERAL MANAGEMENT") SECURED 
PRODUCTS ........................................................................................................................... 
616 
This section sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to TCM Secured 
Products. 
 
CLEARANCE AND SETTLEMENT .................................................................................... 
619 
This section sets out additional conditions relating to the clearing system for the Products. 
This section is relevant for all Products. 
 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................... 
621 
This section sets out an overview of certain taxation considerations relating to Products. 
This section is relevant for all Products. 
 
PURCHASE AND SALE ...................................................................................................... 
644 
This section sets out an overview of certain restrictions around who can purchase the 
Products in certain jurisdictions. This section is relevant for all Products. 
 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL LEGAL INFORMATION .................................................... 
654 
This section provides additional legal information relating to all Products. 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................ 
664 
This section provides certain additional general information relating to all Products. This 
section is relevant for all Products. 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ............................................................................................. 
666 
An index of all defined terms used in this Base Prospectus. This section is relevant for all 
Products.

--- Page 12 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
11 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of the 
Article 25 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 and does not purport to be complete and 
is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to 
the terms and conditions of any particular Products, the applicable Issue Terms. 
Description: 
European 
Issuance 
and 
Offering 
Programme 
(the 
"Programme"). 
Issuer (and legislation under which 
the Issuer operates): 
Leonteq Securities AG, Zurich, Switzerland 
Leonteq Securities AG is authorised as a securities firm and 
subject to supervision by FINMA. 
Issuer 
Legal 
entity 
identifier 
(LEI): 
ML61HP3A4MKTTA1ZB671 
LEI of Leonteq Securities AG, Guernsey Branch: 
549300SCKU4B0LXWV721 
LEI of Leonteq Securities AG, Amsterdam Branch: 
2549008UP5LW6G3XIW43 
Lead Manager: 
Leonteq Securities AG, Zurich, Switzerland (unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
Paying Agent: 
 
In respect of SIX SIS Securities only: Leonteq 
Securities 
AG, 
Zurich, 
Switzerland 
(unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms); 
 
In respect of Euroclear/Clearstream Securities: 
Citibank Europe Plc, 1 North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, 
Ireland (unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms); and 
 
In respect of Euroclear Sweden Securities: the 
Issuer shall not issue any Euroclear Sweden 
Securities until such time as it has duly appointed 
the applicable Paying Agent. 
Calculation Agent: 
Leonteq Securities AG, Zurich, Switzerland (unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
In respect of TCM Products only: 
 
Collateral Agent: 
SIX Repo AG, Zurich, Switzerland. 
 
Custodian: 
SIX SIS AG, Olten, Switzerland. 
Status of the Products: 
The Products (other than the TCM Secured Products) 
constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated general 
obligations of the Issuer and rank equally among themselves 
and with all other direct unsecured and unsubordinated 
general obligations of the Issuer. 
The TCM Secured Products constitute general contractual 
obligations of the Issuer and are collateralized in accordance 
with the TCM Security Agreement (as described in more 
detail below in the section of this Base Prospectus 
'Description of TCM ("Triparty Collateral Management") 
Secured Products'). The TCM Secured Products shall rank

--- Page 13 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
12 
 
equally among themselves and, save for such exceptions as 
may be provided by applicable law, shall rank pari passu 
with all other collateralized and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer. 
The Products do not evidence deposits of the Issuer. The 
Products are not insured or guaranteed by any government or 
government agency. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Applications may be made to list the Products on a regulated 
market or multilateral trading facility and admit the Products 
to trading on a regulated market or multilateral trading 
facility, as disclosed in the Issue Terms. Products may also 
be unlisted and not admitted to trading as specified in the 
Issue Terms of the relevant Products. 
Governing Law: 
All Products issued under this Base Prospectus shall be 
governed under English law or Swiss law, as specified in the 
Issue Terms of the relevant Product. 
Clearing Systems: 
SIX SIS Securities shall be cleared through the Swiss central 
depository. 
Euroclear Sweden Securities shall be cleared through 
Euroclear Sweden AB. 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities shall be cleared through 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
In the event that the applicable Issue Terms specify Monte 
Titoli as the Relevant Clearing System, the Products may be 
held only through an authorised intermediary entitled to hold 
securities deposit accounts with Monte Titoli on behalf of 
their customers. 
Issue Price: 
The Issue Price may be par, at a discount to par, or at a 
premium over par. The Issue Price of the Products will likely 
be higher than its market value as at the Issue Date and higher 
than the price at which such Products may be sold in any 
secondary market transactions. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable laws, regulations 
and directives, the Products may be issued in any currency, 
as specified in the Issue Terms of the relevant Product. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to all applicable laws, regulations or 
directives, as specified in the Issue Terms of the relevant 
Product. 
Minimum Denomination: 
All Products will have a minimum denomination or notional 
amount of at least EUR 1,000 (or equivalent), save for any 
Products which are non-equity securities giving the right to 
acquire any transferable securities or to receive a cash 
amount as a consequence of the rights conferred by them 
being exercised (provided that Leonteq is not the issuer of 
the underlying securities or an entity belonging to the same 
group as the issuer of the underlying securities) provided that 
both (i) Exempt Products and (ii) Unit Certificates shall have 
no minimum denominations. 
Method of Issue: 
The Products will be issued in one or more series and each 
series may be issued in tranches on the same or different

--- Page 14 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
13 
 
Issue Date(s). The Products of each series are intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Products of that series. 
Programme limit: 
The Programme has no issuance limit. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The offer and sale of the Products may be restricted in certain 
jurisdictions as described in the section of this Base 
Prospectus 'Purchase and Sale' below and the Issue Terms 
of the relevant Products.

--- Page 15 ---
Risk Factors 
 
14 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in Products involves substantial risks and is a riskier investment than an investment in 
ordinary debt securities. An investment in Products is not equivalent to investing directly in the 
Underlying(s). 
The Issuer believes that the following risk factors are material for the purpose of making an informed 
investment decision associated with the Products.  
Investors should consider the following risk factors and should make any investment decision only on 
the basis of the Base Prospectus as a whole including the documents incorporated by reference 
(including the Registration Document), any supplements to the Base Prospectus and the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Investors should not acquire Products without a thorough understanding of the mechanics of the 
relevant Products and without being aware of the potential risk of loss. Investors should carefully 
examine whether an investment in the Products is appropriate given their personal circumstances and 
financial situation and should consult a financial advisor to discuss any questions in advance of any 
investment decision.  
TABLE OF CONTENTS – RISK FACTORS 
Categories 
Page 
1 
Risk factors associated with the Issuer.............................................................................  
15 
2 
Risk factors associated with the Products ........................................................................  
15 
2.1 
Risks associated with the liquidity and value of the Products and the possibility of 
adjustment or early termination .......................................................................................  
15 
2.2 
Risks associated with TCM Products and other types of Products ..................................  
19 
2.3 
Risks associated with certain features of the Products .....................................................  
23 
2.4 
Risks associated with Products linked to one or more Underlyings ................................  
26 
2.5 
Risks associated with Proprietary Indices as Underlying(s)  ...........................................  
37 
2.6 
Risks associated with conflicts of interest of Leonteq AG as Issuer, Lead Manager and 
Calculation Agent and its subsidiaries and of the discretionary powers of the Issuer and 
Calculation Agent ............................................................................................................  
39 
RISK WARNING 
Investors may lose some or all of their investment in the Products where: 
 
Minimum scheduled repayment amount less than invested amount: The terms of the 
Product may not provide for scheduled minimum payment of the face value or issue price 
of the Products at maturity (or, if applicable, across the partial redemption dates and at 
maturity). Depending on the performance of the Underlying(s), Investors may lose some 
or all of their investment. 
 
Credit risk of the Issuer: The payment of any amount or delivery of any underlying(s) due 
under the Products is dependent upon the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations when they 
fall due. For TCM Secured Products only, Investors will also have recourse to the relevant 
collateral. The Products (other than the TCM Secured Products) are unsecured 
obligations of the issuer. The Products are not deposits and they are not protected under 
any deposit protection insurance scheme. Therefore, if the Issuer fails or are otherwise 
unable to meet its payment or delivery obligations under the Products (other than the 
TCM Secured Products), Investors will lose some or all of their investment. In respect of 
the TCM Secured Products, if the collateral is liquidated and the value of the collateral is

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors 
 
15 
 
less than the value of the TCM Secured Product, Investors may lose some of their 
investment. 
 
Other circumstances: 
 
The market price of the Products prior to maturity may be significantly lower than 
the purchase price Investors paid for them. Consequently, if Investors sell their 
Products before their scheduled maturity (assuming Investors are able to), they 
may receive less (and potentially substantially less) than their investment.  
 
The Products may be redeemed in certain extraordinary circumstances prior to 
their scheduled maturity and, in such case, the early redemption amount paid to 
Investors may be less than their investment.  
 
The terms and conditions of the Products may be adjusted by the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent in certain circumstances with the effect that the amount payable 
or underlying(s) deliverable to Investors is less than their investment. 
1. 
Risk factors associated with the Issuer  
Investors bear the credit risk of the Issuer. The Products (other than the TCM Secured Products) 
are neither secured nor guaranteed by any deposit protection fund, any government or any 
governmental agency  
The Products (other than the TCM Secured Products) (the "Unsecured Products") issued by the Issuer 
(i) are unsecured and unsubordinated general obligations of the Issuer, and not of any of its affiliates, (ii) 
are not savings accounts or deposits of the Issuer and (iii) will rank pari passu among themselves and 
with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer, except obligations, that are 
subject to any priorities or preferences by law.  
Therefore, if the Issuer fails or is otherwise unable to meet its payment or delivery obligations under the 
Unsecured Products, Investors will lose some or all of their investment.  
In the event of the insolvency of the Issuer, Investors in the Unsecured Products may lose their claim to 
repayment of the capital invested by them in whole or in part.  
In respect of TCM Secured Products, in the event that the collateral is liquidated and the value of the 
collateral is less than the value of the TCM Secured Product, Investors will be exposed to the credit risk 
of the Issuer and may lose some of their investment. 
None of the Products constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of 
the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes ("CISA") and are neither subject to the 
authorisation nor the supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA") and 
Investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection provided under the CISA. 
Investors should read the section entitled 'Risk Factors' in the Registration Document (which is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus). 
2. 
Risk factors associated with the Products 
2.1 
Risks associated with the liquidity and value of the Products and the possibility of adjustment 
or early termination 
(a) 
The Products may not have an active trading market and an Investor must be prepared to 
hold the Product until its scheduled maturity  
Investors must be prepared to hold the Products until their scheduled maturity.  
The Products will have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. 
If a market develops, it may not be very liquid and Investors may not be able to find a buyer. 
Restrictions in respect of the purchase and/or sale of the Products in some jurisdictions may also 
have an impact on the liquidity of the Products. As a result, Investors may not be able to sell

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
 
16 
 
their Products or, if they can, they may only be able to sell them at a price which is substantially 
less than the original purchase price.  
The Products may be listed on a stock exchange but, in such case, the fact that such Products 
are listed will not necessarily lead to greater liquidity. If the Products are not listed or traded on 
any exchange, pricing information for such Products may be more difficult to obtain and they 
may be more difficult to sell.  
The specified size of the offer represents the maximum amount of the Products being offered 
but does not give any indication as to the volume of the Products being effectively issued. This 
volume is determined according to the market conditions and may change during the term of 
the Products, and a significant portion of the issuance of any Products may be held by the Issuer 
or Lead Manager. Therefore, Investors should note that it is not possible to predict the liquidity 
of the Products in the secondary market based on the specified size of the offer. For these reasons 
as well, a secondary market for the Products may not develop. 
The Issuer is under no obligation to make a market or to repurchase the Products (subject to the 
next paragraph). The Issuer and/or the Lead Manager may, but are not obliged to, at any time 
purchase Products at any price in the open market or by tender or private agreement. Any 
Products so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. If any Products are 
redeemed in part, then the number of Products outstanding may decrease. Any of these activities 
may have an adverse effect on the liquidity and/or price of the outstanding Products in the 
secondary market.  
Any of the Issuer and/or the Lead Manager or other party may, as part of its activities as a broker 
and dealer in fixed income and equity securities and related products or pursuant to stock 
exchange listing requirements, make a secondary market in relation to any Products and may 
provide an indicative bid price on a daily basis. Any indicative prices so provided shall be 
determined by the relevant party in its sole discretion taking into account prevailing market 
conditions and shall not be a representation by such party that any Products can be purchased 
or sold at such prices (or at all).  
However, any of these parties may suspend or terminate making a market and providing 
indicative prices without notice, at any time and for any reason. Consequently, there may be no 
market for the Products and Investors should not assume that such a market will exist. Investors 
may therefore not be able to sell their Product during its term and must be prepared to hold the 
Product until its scheduled maturity.  
Additionally, in special market situations, where the Issuer and/or the Lead Manager is/are 
unable to enter into hedging transactions or where such transactions are very difficult to enter 
into, the spread between the bid and offer prices may be temporarily expanded in order to limit 
the economic risks of the Issuer and/or the Lead Manager. 
(b) 
Investors in listed Products or in Products linked to one or more listed Underlyings are 
exposed to the risk that the Product or Underlying(s) could be delisted or suspended from 
trading, and this might have an adverse effect on the value of the Product 
It is possible that during the lifetime of the Product, an Underlying is de-listed or suspended 
from trading on the relevant exchange, reference market or quotation system for reasons not 
attributable to the Issuer.  
It is also possible that the Products could be suspended from trading on or de-listed from the 
relevant exchange or quotation system during the lifetime of the Product. The Issuer is under no 
obligation to obtain a listing for any Products and, if a listing is obtained, the Issuer is under no 
obligation to maintain it. 
In either case, there could be an adverse impact on the value of and return on the Product.

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
 
17 
 
(c) 
The secondary market prices of the Products will likely be lower than the original issue price 
of the Products and sale of the Products in a secondary market may result in a loss 
Any secondary market prices of the Products will likely be lower than the original issue price 
of the Products because, among other things, secondary market prices will likely be reduced by 
selling commissions, profits and hedging and other costs that are accounted for in the original 
issue price of the Products. As a result, the price, if any, at which the Lead Manager or any other 
person would be willing to purchase the Products in secondary market transactions, if at all, is 
likely to be lower than the original issue price. Accordingly, any sale of the Product by an 
Investor prior to the scheduled redemption date could result in a substantial loss to the Investor.  
If listed, the Products can be traded on an exchange during their term. However, the prices of 
the Products are not determined according to supply and demand, since if there is a secondary 
market, it will likely be provided by a market maker (e.g. potentially the Lead Manager or a 
third party, as the case may be, in such role). Any such market maker will quote independently 
calculated bid and offer prices for the Products on the secondary market. This price calculation 
is performed on the basis of customary pricing models of the market maker in which the 
theoretical value of the Product is basically determined on the basis of the value of the 
Underlying(s) and other adjustable parameters. The other parameters may include derivative 
components, expected income from the Underlying(s) (e.g., dividends), interest rates, the term 
or remaining term of the Product, the volatility of the Underlying(s) and the supply and demand 
situation for hedging instruments. These or other value-determining parameters may lead to a 
depreciation in value of the Product, even if during the term the Underlying(s) develop 
favourably for the Investor. Please see also Risk Factor 2.6(a)(vii) "Conflicts of interest related 
to market making for the Products" below. 
(d) 
Fees and other transaction costs will likely reduce the return that an investor would otherwise 
realise on a Product 
Commission and other transaction costs which are incurred when buying or selling Products 
may, especially in conjunction with a low contract value, result in cost burdens which may 
reduce the returns on a Product. Therefore, before purchasing a Product, investors should obtain 
information regarding all costs arising when purchasing and selling the Product. 
(e) 
In the case of a subscription period the Issuer reserves the right to end the subscription period 
early or to extend it and that the Issuer is not obliged to accept subscription applications or 
to issue subscribed Products 
The Final Terms may provide for the Products to be offered during a particular subscription 
period. Investors should note in this case that the Issuer reserves the right to end the subscription 
period early or to extend it. In the case of an early ending or an extension of the subscription 
period, the initial fixing date or any other relevant valuation date, as the case may be, which 
determines certain characteristics of the Products, may be adjusted along with the Issue Date. 
The Issuer is not obliged to accept subscription applications. Partial allocations are possible (in 
particular in the event of oversubscription). The Issuer is not obliged to issue subscribed 
Products. For these reasons, Investors in Products subject to a public offering may receive a 
Product with different valuation dates than expected and may not receive the Product at all.  
(f) 
Investors are exposed to the risks of adverse foreign exchange rate movements where the 
Underlying(s) is one or more rates of exchange or because the currency of the Underlying(s) 
needs to be converted to the currency of the Product and/or where the currency of the Product 
is different from the currency of the Investor's home jurisdiction, and could lose some of their 
investment or realise a lower return than in the absence of such foreign exchange feature 
If the return on the Product is dependent on one or more foreign exchange rate(s) – either 
because the Underlying(s) is one or more rates of exchange or because the currency of the 
Underlying(s) needs to be converted to the currency of the Product – an Investor is exposed to 
the risk of adverse movements in the value of the relevant foreign currency compared to the 
relevant base currency or currency of the Product.

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
 
18 
 
An Investor will also be exposed to the risk of adverse foreign exchange rate movements where 
the currency of the Product is different from the currency of the Investor's home jurisdiction. 
Exchange rates are determined by supply and demand factors on international foreign exchange 
markets, which are subject to economic factors, speculation and actions by governments and 
central banks (such as currency controls or restrictions) and cannot be predicted. Also, 
significant movements in exchange rates may not correlate with the performance of the 
Underlying(s) or other variables such as interest rates, and the timing of such changes may have 
a negative impact on the value of and return on the Products. This may result in a significant 
loss of the Investor's investment in the Product or the realisation by the Investor of a lower return 
than it would have obtained in the absence of such foreign exchange feature. 
(g) 
Changes in tax law or in the tax treatment of the Products could have a negative impact on 
the value of and the return on the Product to an Investor 
Investors should note that it is possible that the tax regime applicable to the Products may be 
changed in a manner not foreseeable at the time the Products are issued. A risk of changes in 
the tax treatment of the Products exists for all relevant jurisdictions. The level and basis of 
taxation on the Products and on the Investor depend on the Investor's individual circumstances 
and could change at any time and may have an adverse impact on the return received by the 
Investor under the Product.  
Any statements made in this Base Prospectus regarding the tax treatment of the Products only 
relate to the purchase of the Products immediately after the issue (primary purchase). Both in 
the case of primary purchase and if an Investor purchases the Products later, Investors should 
therefore seek advice from a tax advisor about the tax effects in connection with the purchase, 
holding, exercising or the sale of the Products prior to the purchase. Furthermore, it is possible 
that the tax authorities may come to a different conclusion than the Issuer regarding tax 
treatment when interpreting and applying the relevant tax rules to the Investor's investment in 
the Products. Any such tax treatment could have an adverse impact on the return received by 
the Investor under the Product. 
(h) 
Payments on the Products may be treated as "substitute dividend equivalent" payments and 
subject to U.S. withholding tax 
Under section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") and regulations 
thereunder, a payment on a financial instrument that references a US equity or an index that 
includes a U.S. equity may be treated as a "dividend equivalent" payment. Such payments 
generally will be subject to U.S. withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent. If withholding applies, 
the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts withheld. The relevant 
Issue Terms will indicate if the Issuer has determined that a Product is subject to withholding 
under section 871(m) of the Code. Although the Issuer's determination generally is binding on 
Investors, it is not binding on the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. The U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service may successfully argue that payments on a Product are subject to withholding under 
section 871(m), notwithstanding the Issuer's determination to the contrary. Investors should 
consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them of section 
871(m) and regulations thereunder, and whether payments or deemed payments on the Products 
constitute dividend equivalent payments. 
(i) 
In certain circumstances, the Issuer has the right to terminate the Products prior to scheduled 
maturity and other than on an autocall redemption date. In such case, Investors will receive 
the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount, which amount may be zero 
The Issuer has the right to early terminate the Products in certain circumstances set out in the 
terms and conditions of the Products; for example if an adjustment is not possible or upon 
occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event. In such case, the Issuer will redeem the Products 
at the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount, i.e., in the event of an unscheduled early 
redemption there will be no right to payment of any amount provided for in the terms and 
conditions of the Products to be calculated on the basis of a redemption formula at the end of 
the term. Investors should note that, such amount may be zero in the worst case, i.e., the Investor 
may suffer a total loss of the capital invested.

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
 
19 
 
In the case of an unscheduled early redemption, the Investor may only be able to reinvest the 
amount to be paid by the Issuer on less favourable market terms compared with those existing 
when the Product was purchased.  
Finally, Investors bear the risk that their expectations with respect to a potential increase in the 
value of a Product over its scheduled term will not be realised due to the early termination of 
the Product. 
(j) 
Market disruptions and adjustment measures may negatively affect the value of and return 
on the Products and lead to payment delays 
Under the terms and conditions of the Products, the Calculation Agent may determine that a 
Market Disruption Event (as defined in the Underlying Specific Conditions) has occurred or 
exists at a certain time. Such an event could lead to the postponement of a date on which the 
Calculation Agent is to establish a valuation of the Underlying (in some cases, potentially up to 
60 days) and in certain circumstances lead to the Calculation Agent estimate the relevant price 
or level of such Underlying and/or to a corresponding delay in the settlement of the Products. 
No interest shall be payable in respect of any such postponement of the settlement of the 
Products and any such postponement or estimate of value could have a negative impact on the 
value of and return on the Products. 
Adjustments will be made in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Products. In the 
event of adjustments relating to the Underlying(s), it is possible that the estimates and/or 
assumptions on which an adjustment was based turn out to be incorrect and that the adjustment 
turns out to be unfavourable for the Investor and that the adjustment has a negative impact on 
the value of or return on the Products. 
(k) 
The terms and conditions of the Products may be amended by the Issuer without the consent 
of the Investors in certain circumstances 
The terms and conditions of the Products may be amended by the Issuer without the consent of 
the Investors in any of the following circumstances:  
 
to cure a manifest or proven error or omission; 
 
where such amendment will not materially and adversely affect the interests of Investors;  
 
to correct or supplement any defective provision;  
 
where the amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature; 
 
to comply with mandatory provisions of law; and 
 
as a result of certain events in respect of the underlying assets (including, but not limited 
to, adjustment events, potential adjustment events, extraordinary events and additional 
disruption events (as specified in the relevant underlying specific conditions)). 
For these reasons, in the above circumstances, the terms and conditions of an Investor's Product 
may be amended without the Investor's consent and/or against the Investor's wishes. 
2.2 
Risks associated with TCM Products and other types of Products 
The following is a description of certain risks associated with TCM Products, Tracker Products and 
Leverage Products. These descriptions are additional to the other risks that apply to these Products, 
as described in this section "Risk Factors" (including, without limitation, '2.3 Risks associated with 
certain features of the Products') 
(a) 
Risks associated with TCM Secured Products 
The collateralization in accordance with the terms of the TCM Security Agreement eliminates 
the Issuer default risk only to the extent that the proceeds from the liquidation of collateral upon 
occurrence of a Realization Event (less the costs of the Collateral Agent in respect of the

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
 
20 
 
liquidation and payout of the liquidation proceeds) are able to meet the Investors' claims. If the 
current value of the Product is set too low or the value of collateral is set too high prior to 
liquidation, the collateralization of the Product may be insufficient to satisfy the Investors' 
claims. If the Conditions provide for a termination right of the Issuer in the event that the TCM 
Security Agreement is terminated, the Investor bears the reinvestment risk if the Issuer exercises 
its termination right. 
In respect of TCM Secured Products, the Investors bear the following risks (among others): (i) 
the Collateral Provider is unable to supply the additionally required collateral if the value of the 
TCM Secured Product rises or the value of the collateral decreases; (ii) in a Realization Event, 
the collateral cannot be liquidated immediately by the Collateral Agent because of factual 
hindrances or because the collateral must be handed over to the executory authorities for 
liquidation; (iii) the market risk associated with the collateral results in insufficient liquidation 
proceeds or, in extreme circumstances, the collateral might lose its value entirely until the 
liquidation can take place; (iv) the payment of the pro-rata share of net liquidation proceeds may 
be made in a currency that is not the settlement currency of the TCM Secured Product; (v) the 
collateralization is challenged according to the laws governing debt enforcement and 
bankruptcy, such that the collateral cannot be liquidated according to the terms of the TCM 
Security Agreement.  
The collateralization of the TCM Secured Products does not eliminate the risk that there might 
not be a buyer for the TCM Secured Product during its lifetime and the Investor may need hold 
the TCM Secured Product until maturity.  
Any costs of the liquidation of the collateral shall be covered out of the proceeds of the 
liquidation of the collateral.  
The payment of the net liquidation proceeds to the Investors may be delayed for factual or legal 
reasons.  
The Collateral Agent is not required to undertake investigations with regard to the occurrence 
of a Realization Event. In determining the occurrence of a Realization Event, it bases its decision 
on reliable sources of information only. The Collateral Agent determines with binding effect for 
the Investors whether an incident qualifies as a Realization Event and at what point in time the 
Realization Event occurred and such a determination may or may not be in the favour of 
Investors.  
The Conditions of the TCM Secured Products may provide for a termination right of the Issuer 
in the event that (a) the TCM Security Agreement is terminated and (b) due to such termination 
it is not possible to collateralize the TCM Secured Products in accordance with the provisions 
of the TCM Security Agreement. If the Issuer exercises its termination right, the Products will 
be redeemed early and the Investors bear the risk that their expectations with respect to an 
increase in the value of the TCM Secured Products may no longer be satisfied due to the early 
redemption. In the case of a termination, it must also be considered that the Investors bear the 
reinvestment risk. This means that he or she may possibly only be able to reinvest the early 
redemption amount paid by the Issuer on more unfavourable market conditions than those 
existing when the Product was purchased. 
(b) 
Risks in connection with specific client's objective and needs, such as a sustainable 
investment (ESG Products) 
The Issuer, as the product manufacturer, defines the target market for a Product, i.e. it identifies 
the client needs and characteristics with which it considers the Product to be compatible 
(positive target market) and those with which it is incompatible (negative target market). The 
target market thus describes the requirements that a Product places on the target client. The 
target market is defined individually and may include a specific client objective and need such 
as "sustainable", "ecological", "ESG" (Environmental, Social and Governance) or similar label. 
The target market may change during the term of the Product. 
The risk exists that the specific client objective does not meet the individual objectives and 
expectations or relevant investment criteria and guidelines of an Investor. Potential

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
 
21 
 
Investors should therefore independently and continuously assess the information related 
to specific client objectives and needs, such as the sustainability of the Product, and 
determine for themselves whether an investment in the Product meets individual 
objectives and expectations or relevant investment criteria and guidelines. 
(c) 
Risks associated with Tracker Products 
(i) 
The Management Fee Deduction will reduce the return that an Investor would otherwise 
realise 
If 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms the 
value of and return on the Product will be reduced by a management fee. The 
management fee will be a percentage specified in the Issue Terms and will accrue from 
the Initial Fixing Date until the Final Fixing Date, therefore the longer the term of the 
product, the greater the reduction in the value of and return on the Product by the 
management fee. Before purchasing a Product Investors should understand the effect of 
the management fee on the value of and return on the Product. 
(ii) 
The Accrued Management Fee will reduce the return that an Investor would otherwise 
realise 
If 'Tracker Product Style' is specified to be 'Single Underlying with Composite FX 
(Notional Units)' or 'Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)' in the Issue Terms, 
the value of and return on the Product will be reduced by an accrued management fee. 
The accrued management fee is (A) deducted directly from the redemption amount an 
Investor would otherwise receive and (B) reduces the number of "units" of the underlying 
used in the calculation of the redemption amount. Before purchasing a Product Investors 
should understand the effect of the management fee on the value of and return on the 
Product. 
(iii) 
The Accrued Performance Fee will reduce the return that an Investor would otherwise 
realise 
If 'Performance Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and if 
'Tracker Product Style' is specified to be 'Single Underlying with Composite FX 
(Notional Units)' or 'Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)' in the Issue Terms, 
the value of and return on the Product may be reduced by an accrued Performance fee. 
The accrued Performance fee is (A) deducted directly from the redemption amount an 
Investor would otherwise receive and (B) reduces the number of "units" of the underlying 
used in the calculation of the redemption amount. Before purchasing a Product Investors 
should understand the effect of the performance fee on the value of and return on the 
Product. 
(d) 
Risks associated with Leverage Products 
(i) 
There are risks associated with the leverage feature of all Leverage Products 
Each type of Leverage Product has a 'leverage' feature'. 'Leverage' refers to the use of 
financial techniques to gain additional exposure to the Underlying. A leverage feature 
will magnify the impact of the performance of the Underlying to cause a greater or lower 
return on the Product than would otherwise be the case in the absence of leverage. As 
such, a leverage feature magnifies losses in adverse market conditions. The inclusion of 
such a leverage feature means that the Products will be more speculative and riskier than 
in the absence of such feature, since smaller changes in the performance of the 
Underlying can reduce (or increase) the return on the Products by more than if the 
Products did not contain a leverage feature. Investors should be aware that a small 
movement in the value of the Underlying can have a significant effect on the value of the 
Products. Products with a leverage feature are more likely to fall for automatic 
cancellation in accordance with their terms below. In such event, an Investor may lose 
some or all of their investment.

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
 
22 
 
(ii) 
The strike level of the Underlying may take into account the cost of financing exposure 
to the Underlying 
There are costs associated with financing the 'leveraged' exposure to the Underlying (the 
"financing costs"). The Issuer may factor in these additional financing costs in the 
setting of the strike level, and as a result the strike level may be set at a less advantageous 
level for Investors than if such financing costs were not factored in. A less advantageous 
strike level will reduce the value of and return on the Products. 
(iii) 
Investors may lose all of their investment 
Each type of Leverage Product may be redeemed for a redemption amount equal to zero, 
and as a result of such a redemption Investors would lose all of their investment. 
In respect of all Leverage Products, Investors will lose all of their investment if the level 
of the Underlying on the final fixing date is either (a) in the case of Call Warrant 
Products, Call Knock-Out Warrant Products and Bullish Mini Future Products, at or 
below the strike level of the Underlying or (b) in the case of Put Warrant Products, Put 
Knock-Out Warrant Products and Bearish Mini Future Products, at or above the strike 
level of the Underlying. 
Investors should note that in respect of Call Warrant Products, Put Warrant Products, 
Call Knock-Out Warrant Products and Put Knock-Out Warrant Products, if the strike 
event is specified to be either 'at or above' or 'at or below' (as applicable) then if the final 
fixing level is equal to the strike level, a strike event will be deemed to have occurred. 
However, in such a scenario, the redemption amount determined in accordance with the 
redemption formula shall be zero and Investors will lose all of their investment. 
(iv) 
There are risks associated with the knock-out feature of Knock-Out Warrant Products  
Investors in Knock-Out Warrant Products will also lose all of their investment if a 
"knock-out" event has occurred and the Issue Terms does not specify 'Rebate' to be 
'Applicable'. A "knock-out event" occurs if the level of the Underlying on a specified 
date (or in a specified period) is (a) in the case of Call Knock-Out Warrant Products, 
above or at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) a predefined "knock-out level", or 
(b) in the case of Put Knock-Out Warrants, is below or at or below (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) a predefined "knock-out level". 
Investors should note in this context that the price of Knock-Out Warrant Products is 
reduced disproportionately compared to Warrant Products if the level of the Underlying 
approaches the relevant "knock-out level". 
(v) 
There are risks associated with the stop loss feature of Mini Future Products 
Investors in Mini Future Products bear the risk that the Products automatically redeem 
early if a "stop loss event" occurs, and in such case, Investors may lose all of their 
investment. A "stop loss event" occurs if the level of the Underlying in a specified period 
is (a) in the case of Bullish Mini Future Products, below or at or below (as specified in 
the Issue Terms) a predefined "stop loss level" or (b) in the case of Bearish Mini Future 
Products, above or at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) a predefined "stop loss 
level". If a "stop loss event" occurs Investors may lose all of their investment if the Issuer 
(or any of its affiliates) is not able to unwind its hedge positions in relation to the Product 
at a level that is either (a) in the case of Bullish Mini Future Products, above the strike 
level or (b) in the case of Bearish Mini Future Products, below the strike level. 
Investors should note in this context that the price of the Mini Future Products is reduced 
disproportionately compared to Warrant Products, if the price of the Underlying 
approaches the predefined "stop loss level". 
No continuous bid and ask prices for Mini Future Products are quoted by the Issuer on 
the secondary market outside of the trading hours of the Underlying if the Issuer expects 
a "stop loss event" to occur due to different price indicators than the official price of the

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
 
23 
 
Underlying. Investors should note in this context that the Issuer does not commit nor is 
under any obligation (legal or otherwise) to quote bid and ask prices for the Products and 
Investors should therefore not rely on being able to purchase or sell the Products at any 
time. 
(e) 
Risks associated with Long/Short Products 
(i) 
The Management Fee Deduction will reduce the return that an Investor would otherwise 
realise 
If 'Long/Short Product Style' is specified to be 'Long/Short Product with Management 
Fee Deduction' in the Issue Terms the value of and return on the Product will be reduced 
by a management fee. The management fee will be a percentage specified in the Issue 
Terms and will accrue from the Initial Fixing Date until the Final Fixing Date, therefore 
the longer the term of the product, the greater the reduction in the value of and return on 
the Product by the management fee. Before purchasing the Product, Investors should 
understand the effect of the management fee on the value of and return on the Product. 
(ii) 
There are risks associated with the stop loss feature of Long/Short Products 
If 'Stop Loss Early Redemption' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
Investors in Long/Short Products bear the risk that the Products automatically redeem 
early if a "stop loss event" occurs, and in such case, Investors will lose some or all of 
their investment. A "stop loss event" will occur when the market value of the Product (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) falls below a certain pre-determined percentage of 
the initial value of the Product.  
2.3 
Risks associated with certain features of the Products 
(a) 
There are risks where the Products have a 'leverage' feature 
'Leverage' refers to the use of financial techniques to gain additional exposure to the 
Underlying(s). A leverage feature will magnify the impact of the performance of the 
Underlying(s) to cause a greater or lower return on the Product than would otherwise be the case 
in the absence of leverage. As such, a leverage feature magnifies losses in adverse market 
conditions. In the terms of the Products, the leverage feature may be referred to variously as 
'Participation', or other term and the Products will have 'leverage' where any of these factors is 
equal to more than 100 per cent. (or 1.00). The inclusion of such a leverage feature in the 
Products means that the Products will be more speculative and riskier than in the absence of 
such feature, since smaller changes in the performance of the Underlying(s) can reduce (or 
increase) the return on the Products by more than if the Products did not contain a leverage 
feature. Investors should be aware that a small movement in the value of the Underlying(s) can 
have a significant effect on the value of the Products. Products with a leverage feature are more 
likely to be affected by automatic cancellation in accordance with their terms below. In such 
event, an Investor may lose their investment.  
(b) 
There are risks in relation to Products linked to the 'worst performing' Underlying in a basket  
Where the Conditions of the Products include a 'worst-of' feature, Investors will be exposed to 
the performance of the Underlying which has the worst performance, rather than any of the other 
Underlying(s). This means that, regardless of how the other Underlying(s) perform, if the worst 
performing Underlying fails to meet a relevant threshold or barrier for the payment of interest 
or the calculation of any redemption amount, Investors might receive no interest payments or 
return on their initial investment and they could lose some or all of their investment.  
(c) 
There are risks where the Products include a cap 
Where the terms and conditions of the Products provide that the amount payable or 
underlying(s) deliverable is subject to a pre-defined cap, the Investor's ability to participate in 
any positive change in the value of the Underlying(s) will be limited, no matter how much the 
level, price or other value of the Underlying(s) rises above the cap level over the life of the

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
 
24 
 
Products. Accordingly, the value of or return on the Products may be significantly less than if 
the Investor had purchased the Underlying(s) directly. 
(d) 
There are risks where the Products have a 'conditional' coupon 
If the Products include a 'conditional' coupon, then the coupon will only be paid if the level, 
price or other applicable value of the Underlying(s) on the relevant valuation date(s) either 
reaches or crosses one or more specific barrier(s). It is possible that such level, price or other 
applicable value of the Underlying(s) on the relevant valuation date(s) will not either reach or 
cross the barrier(s) (as applicable), and therefore, no coupon will be payable on the relevant 
coupon payment date. This means that the amount of coupon payable to an Investor over the 
term of the Products will vary and may be zero. 
(e) 
There are risks where the Products have a 'memory coupon' feature 
If the Products include a 'memory coupon' feature, the payment of coupon will be conditional 
on the value or performance of the Underlying(s). The coupon amount payable will be zero on 
a coupon payment date if the Underlying(s) does not perform in accordance with the terms of 
the Products although such payment will be deferred to the next coupon payment date. If the 
Underlying(s) meets the performance criteria, the coupon payable will be an amount for the 
current coupon payment date plus any amounts deferred from previous coupon payment dates 
where coupon was not paid. Investors will not be paid any coupon or other allowance for the 
deferred payments of coupon and it is possible that the Underlying(s) never meets the 
performance criteria, meaning that Investors will not receive any coupon at all for the lifetime 
of the Products.  
(f) 
There are risks where the Products are open-ended 
If the Products are 'open-ended' - meaning that they do not provide for an expiration date or 
maturity date but may continue indefinitely until either the Investor exercises the Investor's put 
option with regard to the Products or the Issuer exercises the Issuer's right to call the Products 
– the Investor is subject to certain risks, including: 
(i) 
exercise of an Issuer call option or Investor put option: the yields received upon 
cancellation following a call by the Issuer or the Investor's exercise of the Investor put 
may be lower than expected, and the amount received by the Investor may be lower than 
the initial price the Investor paid for the Products and may be zero; and 
(ii) 
automatic early redemption of open-ended Products: the terms and conditions of the 
Products may provide that the Products will automatically be redeemed early in certain 
extraordinary circumstances. In such event, the Issuer will redeem the Products at the 
"Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount" which may be substantially less than the 
value of the Products. In such circumstances an Investor is likely to receive less than the 
amount it invested and could receive zero. 
(g) 
There are risks where the Product has an Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) or Investor Put 
Option (Fixed Term) 
Where the terms and conditions of the relevant Product provides either Issuer Call Option (Fixed 
Term) or Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) to be applicable, the yields received upon 
cancellation following a call by the Issuer or the Investor's exercise of the Investor put may be 
lower than expected, and the amount received by the Investor may be lower than the initial price 
the Investor paid for the Products and may be zero. 
(h) 
There are risks where the Products have a 'barrier' feature 
If the calculation of coupon or the calculation of any redemption amount depends on the level, 
value or price of the Underlying(s) reaching or crossing a 'barrier' during a specified period or 
specified dates during the term of the Products, such coupon or redemption amount may alter 
dramatically depending on whether the barrier is reached or crossed (as applicable). This means 
that the Investor may receive less (or, in certain cases, more) if the level, value or price of the 
Underlying(s) crosses or reaches (as applicable) a barrier, than if it comes close to the barrier

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
 
25 
 
but does not reach or cross it (as applicable), and in certain cases the Investor might receive no 
interest payments and/or could lose some or all of its investment. 
(i) 
There are risks where the redemption of the Products depends only on the final performance 
If the Products determine the redemption amount based on the performance of the Underlying(s) 
as at the final valuation date only (rather than in respect of multiple periods throughout the term 
of the Products) then the Investor may not benefit from any movement in level, value or price 
of the Underlying(s) during the term of the Products that is not reflected in the final performance. 
(j) 
There are risks in relation to Products where the 'strike level' is predetermined 
In respect of Products for which 'Predetermined Strike Level' is specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms, notwithstanding that the strike level is specified as a percentage of the Initial 
Fixing Level in the Issue Terms, the strike level was determined on a date prior to the date on 
which the Initial Fixing Level is determined. As a result the strike level will not reflect current 
market prices of the Underlying. The probability of the occurrence of any events, along with 
any amounts due to Investors, that are determined by reference to the strike level(s) of the 
Underlyings will be different than if such amount or events were determined by reference to 
current market prices of the Underlying(s). 
(k) 
There are risks in relation to Products linked to a basket of Underlyings 
Where Products are linked to a basket of Underlying(s), Investors will be exposed to the 
performance of each Underlying in the basket and Investors should refer to the relevant risk 
factors in the section relating to each of the asset classes represented. Investors should also 
consider the level of interdependence or 'correlation' between each of the basket constituents 
with respect to the performance of the basket. If the Underlying(s) are correlated, the 
performance of the Underlying(s) in the basket can be expected to move in the same direction 
(and vice versa) and investors should consider the impact of this 'correlation' on the performance 
of the Products.  
Investors should be aware that the performance of a basket with fewer constituents will be more 
affected by changes in the values of any particular basket constituent than a basket with a greater 
number of basket constituents.  
The performance of basket constituents may be moderated or offset by one another. This means 
that, even in the case of a positive performance of one or more constituents, the performance of 
the basket as a whole may be negative if the performance of the other constituents is negative 
to a greater extent.  
If the Underlyings in the basket have different weights, Investors should consider that the lower 
the weighting of the Underlying, the lower the impact of the performance of such Underlying 
on the performance of the entire basket. 
(l) 
There are risks in relation to Products that may be settled by way of delivery of the relevant 
Underlying(s) at maturity 
If the relevant Product is to be settled by way of delivery of the relevant Underlying(s), upon 
maturity of the Products the delivery of the relevant Underlying(s) may be made instead of the 
payment of a monetary amount. In such case, since Investors will be exposed to the specific 
issuer and securities risks associated with the relevant Underlying(s) to be delivered, when 
purchasing the Products investors should consider all Underlyings which could potentially be 
delivered. Investors should not assume that the Underlying(s) to be delivered after redemption 
of the Products can be sold at a specific price, in particular not at a price equivalent to the capital 
used to purchase the Products. In certain circumstances the delivered Underlying(s) may only 
have a very low value or may in fact be worthless. In this case, investors run the risk of losing 
all of their capital used to purchase the Products.  
Investors should consider that any fluctuations in the price of the Underlying(s) after the final 
fixing date of the price of the Underlying(s) in accordance with the terms of the Products will 
be borne by them until the respective actual delivery. Losses in the value of the Underlying(s)

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
 
26 
 
to be delivered may occur after the final fixing date and are to be borne by Investors. This means 
that the actual gain or loss can only be determined after delivery of the Underlying(s). 
If an Underlying to be delivered is a registered share, Investors should consider that the rights 
associated with the shares (e.g., participation in the general meeting, exercise of voting rights, 
etc.) can generally only be exercised by shareholders who are registered in the share register or 
a comparable official list of shareholders of the company. The obligation of the Issuer to deliver 
shares is limited to provision of the shares effected with the characteristics and in the form that 
allow delivery via an exchange and does not cover registration in the share register or list of 
shareholders. Any claims due to non-fulfilment, in particular rescission or damage claims, are 
excluded in such cases. 
Further, if delivery of the Underlying, for whatever reason, is economically or actually impeded 
or not possible, the Issuer shall have the right to pay a compensation amount in lieu of delivery 
of the Underlying. 
(m) 
There are risks where the Products have an 'autocall' feature 
Where the terms and conditions of the Products include an 'autocall' feature it should be noted 
that the level of the Redemption Amount and the time for redemption of the Products depend 
on whether an Autocall Event specified in the terms and conditions has occurred on an Autocall 
Observation Date. If such event occurs, the term of the Products ends early and the Products are 
redeemed early in accordance with the terms and conditions. In the case of such early 
redemption, the future price performance of the Underlying(s) is irrelevant to the Investor. 
(n) 
There are risks where the Products have a 'capital protection at maturity' feature 
For Products which offer a capital protection at maturity date, the Investor may, however, lose 
part or all of the initially invested amount if the Products are sold by the Investor before the 
maturity date (since the value of the Products during their lifetime may be lower than the amount 
of the capital protection due to market fluctuations). 
2.4 
Risks associated with Products linked to one or more Underlyings 
(a) 
General 
(i) 
Investors have no claim against or interest in any Underlying(s) 
The Issuer has no obligation to hold the Underlying(s). Investors will not have any legal 
or beneficial rights of ownership in the Underlying(s). For example, where the 
Underlying(s) is a share, Investors will have no voting rights, no rights to receive 
dividends or other distributions or any other rights with respect to the Underlying(s). In 
addition, Investors will have no claim against any share issuer, index sponsor, fund 
issuer, fund sponsor or any other third party in relation to an Underlying(s); such parties 
have no obligation to act in Investors' interests. Accordingly, Investors in the Products 
may receive a lower return on the Products than they would have received had they 
invested directly in the Underlying(s). 
(ii) 
The value of and return on the Products will depend on the performance of the 
Underlying(s), but such performance is not possible to predict and the economic 
relationship between the value of and return on the Products will depend on the 
performance of the Underlying(s) may not be clear and may change over time and be 
affected by other matters 
The calculation of the redemption amount payable or, in the case of Products with 
redemption by delivery of the relevant Underlying(s), the number of the Underlyings to 
be delivered at maturity and, if and to the extent that the Products have a variable interest 
rate, the coupon amounts, may depend on the performance of one or more Underlying(s) 
during the term. This means that there is a connection between the economic value of the 
Products and the economic value of the Underlying(s) to which the Product is linked.

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
 
27 
 
However, investors should be aware that there may not be a direct relationship between 
the market value of the Products and the current price of the relevant Underlying(s) since 
the market value of the Products may also be affected by factors other than the current 
price of the relevant Underlying(s), such as volatility of such Underlying(s), dividend 
payments or movements in the general interest rates etc. Therefore, positive changes in 
the price of the relevant Underlying(s) do not necessarily lead to a change in the market 
value of the Product which is positive for the Investor. A depreciation of the Product 
moreover may even occur if the relevant price of the relevant Underlying(s) remains 
constant. Investors should note that changes in the price of the relevant Underlying(s) 
(or even a situation where an expected price change does not occur) can reduce the value 
of the Products to a disproportionately high extent and even render them worthless, 
unless the Products provide for payment of a scheduled minimum redemption amount 
(or for partial redemption amounts). In particular, Investors should not assume that the 
price of the Products will recover in time in view of the limited life of the Products. 
Depending on the performance of the Underlying(s) and the Product, Investors may lose 
some of their investment. 
(b) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are shares 
(i) 
Variable unpredictable factors may affect the performance of shares 
The performance of the relevant share cannot be predicted and is determined by 
macroeconomic factors, for example interest and price levels on the capital markets, 
currency developments, political factors as well as company-specific factors such as 
earnings position, market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution 
policy. Any one or a combination of such factors could adversely affect the performance 
of the Underlying(s) which, in turn, would have an adverse effect on the value of and 
return on the Products. 
(ii) 
Investors will not be able to participate in dividends or other distribution on the shares 
Investors in Products linked to shares will not have any voting rights or rights to 
dividends or interest payments or other distributions or other rights relating to the share. 
Therefore, the return on the Products may be lower than holding such Underlying(s) 
directly. 
(iii) 
Actions by the issuer of a share may negatively affect the Products 
The issuer of common shares of a company will not have participated in the offering and 
issuance of the Products and none of the Issuer or the Lead Manager will have made any 
investigation or enquiry in relation to the share issuer for the purposes of the Products. 
Therefore, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the Issue Date of 
the Products that would affect the trading price of the relevant share(s) will have been 
publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or 
failure to disclose material future events concerning the share issuer could affect the 
trading price of the share and therefore the price of the Products. Also, investors should 
be aware that the issuer of any common shares may or may not take actions in respect of 
common shares without regard to the interests of investors in Products and any of these 
actions could have a negative effect on the value of and return on the Products.  
(c) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are participation certificates  
(i) 
Variable unpredictable factors may affect the performance of participation certificates 
The performance of the relevant participation certificate cannot be predicted and is 
determined by macroeconomic factors, for example interest and price levels on the 
capital markets, currency developments, political factors as well as company-specific 
factors such as earnings position, market position, risk situation and distribution policy. 
Any one or a combination of such factors could adversely affect the performance of the 
Underlying(s) which, in turn, would have an adverse effect on the value of and return on 
the Products.

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
 
28 
 
(ii) 
Investors will not be able to participate in distributions on the participation certificates 
Investors in Products linked to participation certificates will not have any rights to 
distributions or other rights relating to the participation certificate. Therefore, the return 
on the Products may be lower than holding such Underlying(s) directly. 
(iii) 
Actions by the issuer of the participation certificate may negatively affect the Products 
The issuer of participation certificate will not have participated in the offering and 
issuance of the Products and none of the Issuer or the Lead Manager will have made any 
investigation or enquiry in relation to the participation certificate issuer for the purposes 
of the Products. Therefore, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to 
the issue date of the Products that would affect the trading price of the relevant 
participation certificate(s) will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of 
any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events 
concerning the participation certificate issuer could affect the trading price of the 
participation certificate and therefore the trading price of the Products. Also, investors 
should be aware that the issuer of any participation certificate may or may not take 
actions in respect of participation certificate without regard to the interests of investors 
in Products and any of these actions could have a negative effect on the value of and 
return on the Products. 
(d) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are depositary receipts 
Products linked to securities representing shares or depositary receipts ("Depositary Receipts") 
may carry additional risks compared to Products linked to shares. 
Each Depositary Receipt represents one or more underlying shares or a fraction of the security 
of a non-domestic stock corporation. The legal owner of the underlying shares is, for both types 
of Depositary Receipts, the depositary, which is also the issuing agent of the Depositary 
Receipts. Depending on the jurisdiction under which the Depositary Receipts have been issued 
and under which the depositary agreement is governed, it cannot be ruled out that the jurisdiction 
will not accept the holder of the Depositary Receipts as the actual beneficial owner of the 
underlying shares. In particular in the event that the depositary becomes insolvent or is subject 
to foreclosure, it is possible that a restraint on disposal of the underlying shares of the Depositary 
Receipts will be imposed or that such shares will be disposed of in the context of a foreclosure 
against the depositary. In this case, the holder of the Depositary Receipts will lose the rights 
over the underlying shares which are certified in the Depositary Receipt. The Depositary Receipt 
as the underlying of the Products and therefore the Products relating to such Depositary Receipt 
will become worthless. 
In such a scenario the Investor is exposed to the risk of the value of the redemption of such 
Products being less than the capital invested for the Product (including related transaction costs) 
or zero.  
Any fees and costs that the custodian bank – generally having its registered office in the home 
country of the issuer of the underlying shares – or the depositary incur can have a negative 
impact on the value of the Depositary Receipts and thus on the value of the Products. 
(e) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are indices 
In the case of Products linked to indices, the redemption amount depends on the performance 
of the index and thus of the components contained in the index. During the term, the market 
value of the Products can, however, also deviate from the performance of the index or 
components contained in the index since other factors such as the correlation, volatilities, 
interest level and (if applicable) the reinvestment of any dividend payments relating to the 
components contained in the index, may have an impact on the performance of the Products.  
In the case of a 'price index' as an underlying, investors should note that dividend payments are 
in principle not taken into account (whereas in the case of a 'performance index' the calculation 
of such index takes into account all dividend payments). Therefore, investors should note that

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
 
29 
 
they will not participate in any dividend payments with regard to the components contained in 
the underlying.  
Investors should note that the index sponsor or the person responsible for the composition of 
the Index as well as the Issuer may be subject to new regulatory requirements with regard to the 
publication and the use of an index during the term of the Products which may require an 
admission or a registration of the respective index and an index modification in order to comply 
with the statutory provisions. Therefore, it cannot be excluded that an index will be modified, 
cancelled or may no longer be used. In each of these cases the Issuer and/or the Calculation 
Agent is entitled to make adjustments pursuant to the Conditions and to make determinations 
with respect to the price of the index in its discretion in order to calculate the amount owed at 
the end of the term of the Product and/or after an exercise or in the case of a termination of the 
Products. 
The index sponsor may, in its reasonable discretion, either (i) on a regular basis and, as the case 
may be, on non-predetermined dates or (ii) upon the occurrence of extraordinary events, remove 
or replace or add new components to such an Index or make other changes to the methodology. 
A new component may perform significantly better or worse than the replaced component, 
which in turn may affect the payments to be made by the Issuer to the Investor. The index 
sponsor or the person responsible for the composition of the Index may also change, discontinue 
or suspend the calculation or distribution of the Index and there can be no assurance that such 
decisions will be beneficial to the performance of the Index. The index sponsor of an Index may 
take any action in relation to the Index without regard to the interests of the Investor and any 
such action may adversely affect the market value of the Products. 
The rules of the Index may provide, where applicable, that an Index fee shall be charged by the 
index sponsor or by the Index calculation agent or by the person responsible for the composition 
of the Index which reduces the level of the Index. This will particularly be the case if there is a 
discretion of the index sponsor or the index calculation agent or the person responsible for the 
composition of the index regarding the selection of the index components. Accordingly, there 
is a risk that the Index does not reflect the performance of the Index components or does so only 
partially. In the case of indices whose start date is close to or shortly before the Initial Fixing 
Date or the Fixing Period of the Products, historical information on the performance of the Index 
is missing or is only available to a limited extent. 
(f) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are futures contracts 
There is generally a close correlation between the price movement of an underlying for the 
relevant futures contract on a spot market and on the corresponding futures market. However, 
futures contracts are generally traded at a premium or discount compared with the spot price of 
the underlying of the futures contract. This difference between the spot and futures prices, called 
the 'basis' in futures exchange terminology, on the one hand is the result of taking into account 
the costs customarily arising in connection with spot transactions (warehousing, delivery, 
insurance, etc.) and/or the income customarily arising in connection with spot transactions 
(interest, dividends, etc.), and on the other hand the different methods used to evaluate general 
market factors affecting the spot and the futures market. Furthermore, depending on the relevant 
underlying, there can be significant differences in the liquidity of the spot and respective futures 
market. 
As the Products are linked to the market price of the futures contracts specified in the Issue 
Terms, investors should understand how futures transactions work and are valued in addition to 
knowing about the market in the underlying of the relevant futures contract to be able to properly 
assess the risks inherent in purchasing the Products. 
Since futures contracts as an Underlying of the Products may have a fixed expiry date, where 
the relevant futures contract expires prior to the maturity of the Product, the futures contract will 
be replaced upon expiration (at the time specified in the Issue Terms), with a futures contract 
that has the same contract specifications as that futures contract except for the expiry date which 
is more distant than that of the current futures contract (referred to as "roll-over"). Roll-over 
can affect the investment value of the Underlying in a number of ways, including:

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
 
30 
 
(i) 
The investment in futures contracts may be increased or decreased through roll-over: 
Where the price of a near-dated futures contract is greater than the price of the longer-
dated futures contract (in such case the futures contract is said to be in "backwardation"), 
then the roll-over from the former to the latter will result in exposure to a greater number 
of the longer-dated futures contract being taken. Therefore, any loss or gain on the new 
positions for a given movement in the prices of the future contract will be greater than if 
one had synthetically held the same number of futures contracts as before the "roll". 
Conversely, where the price of the near-dated futures contract is lower than the price of 
the longer-dated futures contract (in such case the futures contract is said to be in 
"contango"), then the roll-over will result in exposure to a smaller number of the longer-
dated futures contract being taken. Therefore, any gain or loss on the new positions for 
a given movement in the prices of the futures contract will be less than if one had 
synthetically held the same number of futures contracts as before the "roll". 
(ii) 
Where a futures contract is in contango (or, alternatively, backwardation) such may 
be expected to (though it may not) have a negative (or, alternatively, positive) effect 
over time: Where a futures contract is in "contango", then the price of the longer-dated 
futures contract will generally be expected to (but may not) decrease over time as it nears 
expiry. In such event, the roll-over is generally expected to have a negative effect on an 
investment in the futures contract. Where a futures contract is in "backwardation", then 
the price of the longer-dated futures contract will generally be expected to (but may not) 
increase over time as it nears expiry. In such event, the investment in the relevant futures 
contract can generally be expected to be positively affected.  
In the case of Products which are linked to an Underlying which is a futures contract, the futures 
contract will be changed without liquidating or entering into any positions in the commodity 
contracts. Accordingly, the effects of the roll-over described above do not apply directly to the 
Underlying and the Products. As a result, an Investor in such Products will not participate 
directly in possible effects of the roll-over. However, other market participants may act in 
accordance with the mechanism of the roll-over and such behaviour may have an indirect 
adverse impact on the value of the Reference Asset for the Products. 
(g) 
Risk associated with whole-day trading of currencies and commodities 
If any amounts due under the Products are determined on the basis of currencies or commodities, 
investors should consider that those are traded 24 hours a day as a result of the time zones of 
Australia, Asia, Europe and United States of America. For this reason it is possible that an event 
that is material in accordance with the Conditions or a factor relevant for the determination of 
any right granted by the Product may occur or be determined outside the business hours of the 
place where the Products are offered and/or traded. 
(h) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are currency exchange rates 
Currency exchange rates indicate the relationship between one particular currency and another 
currency. For example the exchange rate 'EUR/USD 1.11823' indicates that USD 1.11823 has 
to be paid to purchase one euro. An increase in this currency exchange rate therefore means an 
increase in the value of the euro against the US dollar. The currency exchange rate 'USD/EUR 
0.89416', on the other hand, indicates that EUR 0.89416 has to be paid to purchase one US 
dollar. An increase in this currency exchange rate therefore means an increase in the value of 
the US dollar against the euro. 
A country's currency may appreciate, for example, as a result of an increase in a country's key 
interest rate, demand for such country's government bonds normally rises. Conversely, a 
country's currency may depreciate if the key interest rate falls. Generally, exchange rates are 
determined by supply and demand for currencies on the international money markets which are, 
among other things, subject to economic factors, speculation and actions taken by governments 
and central banks (e.g., exchange controls or restrictions). 
Currency exchange rates are influenced by a wide variety of factors, including inflation rates in 
the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the respective countries, economic 
forecasts, international political factors, currency convertibility and the safety of making

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
 
31 
 
financial investments in the currency concerned. Apart from these assessable factors there may 
be factors that are almost impossible to predict, for instance factors of a psychological nature 
such as a loss of faith in the political leadership of a country, which can also have a major impact 
on the value of the currency concerned. 
(i) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are commodities 
The price risks involved in commodities are often complex. Commodity prices are more volatile 
than other investment categories and, in particular, commodity markets are less liquid than bond, 
currency or stock markets. This means that changes in the supply and demand have a larger 
impact on prices and volatility, making commodities investments riskier and more complex than 
other investments. 
The factors that influence commodity prices are both numerous and complex. The following are 
examples of some typical factors affecting commodities prices. 
(i) 
The planning and management of commodities supplies are very time-consuming. This 
means that the scope for action on the supply side is limited and it is not always possible 
to adjust production swiftly to take account of demand. Demand can also vary on a 
regional basis. Transport costs for commodities in regions where these are needed also 
affect their prices. The fact that some commodities take a cyclical pattern, such as 
agricultural products which are only produced at certain times of the year, can also result 
in major price fluctuations. 
(ii) 
Direct investments in commodities involve costs related to storage, insurance and tax. 
Moreover, no interest or dividends are paid on commodities. The total returns from 
commodities investments are therefore influenced by these factors. 
(iii) 
Not all commodities markets are liquid and able to quickly and adequately react to 
changes in supply and demand. The fact that there are only a few market participants on 
the commodities markets means that speculative investments can have negative 
consequences and may distort prices. 
(iv) 
Unfavourable weather conditions can influence the supply of certain commodities for 
the entire year. This kind of supply crisis can lead to severe and unpredictable price 
fluctuations. Diseases and epidemics can also influence the prices for agricultural 
commodities. 
(v) 
Commodities are often produced in emerging market countries, with demand coming 
principally from industrialised nations. However, the political and economic situation of 
emerging markets is often far less stable than in industrialised nations. They are generally 
much more susceptible to the risks of rapid political change and economic setbacks. 
Political crises can affect investor confidence, which can as a consequence influence 
commodity prices. Armed conflicts can also have impact on the supply and demand for 
certain commodities. It is also possible for industrialised nations to impose embargos on 
imports and exports of goods and services. This can directly and indirectly impact 
commodity prices. Furthermore, numerous commodity producers have joined forces to 
establish organisations or cartels in order to regulate supply and influence prices. 
(vi) 
Changes in tax rates and customs duties may have a positive or a negative impact on the 
profitability margins for commodities producers. If these costs are passed on to buyers, 
these changes will affect the prices of the relevant commodities. 
Additionally, the legal and regulatory regime in relation to commodities is subject to 
change in ways that could affect the Issuer's obligations in respect of any underlying or 
hedging transactions in relation to the Products.  
Changes to these legal and regulatory regimes may negatively affect the value of the 
Products. 
Such changes to the legal and regulatory regime in relation to commodities may also 
adversely impact the Issuer's obligations in respect of any underlying or hedging

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
 
32 
 
transactions in relation to the Products, or may make it unlawful or unfeasible in whole 
or in part for any reason for the Issuer to access commodity markets for the purpose of 
managing commodity market risk. This, in turn, may lead to adjustment to or early 
redemption of the Products. 
In the event that there is an early redemption of the Products, any early redemption 
amount may be less than the initial investment, and could even be zero. Additionally, the 
Investor may not be able to reinvest the early redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate or yield on its Products. 
(j) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are funds 
Factors affecting the performance of the Fund (being either (i) an exchange traded fund 
("ETF"), which is an open ended or other fund traded on an exchange, or (ii) a fund, in each 
case that tracks or is linked to the performance of a portfolio of assets) may adversely affect the 
market value of, and the return (if any) on, the Products linked to such Fund.  
The performance of a Fund is dependent upon the macroeconomic factors affecting the 
performance of such assets which may include, among other things, interest and price levels on 
the capital markets, commodity prices, currency developments, political factors and, in the case 
of shares, company specific factors, such as earnings position, market position, risk situation, 
shareholder structure and distribution policy. These factors affecting the performance of the 
Fund(s) may adversely affect the market value of, and the return (if any) on, the Products linked 
to such Funds. 
(i) 
Exposure to the risk that the return on the Product does not reflect the return on a direct 
investment in the fund units or ETF shares or the assets included in the portfolio of the 
Fund(s)  
An Investor's return on Products linked to one or more Funds may not reflect the return 
such Investor would realise if he or she actually owned the relevant fund units, ETF 
shares or assets included in the portfolio(s) of the Fund(s). For example, if the portfolio 
of the Fund(s) includes shares or a share index, Investors in the Products linked to such 
Fund will not receive any dividends paid on such shares or the shares included in such 
share index and will not benefit from those dividends unless such Fund takes such 
dividends into account for purposes of calculating the value of such Fund. Similarly, 
Investors in Products linked to Fund(s) will not have any voting rights in the shares or 
other assets that are included in the portfolio(s) of the Fund(s). Accordingly, an Investor 
in Products linked to Fund(s) may receive a lower payment (if any) upon redemption of 
such Products than such Investor would have received, if he or she had directly invested 
in the fund units, ETF shares or assets included in the portfolio of such Fund(s). 
(ii) 
A change in the composition or discontinuance of the Fund(s) could adversely affect the 
market value of, and return (if any) on, Products linked thereto 
In principle, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent have no influence on the composition 
or performance of any Fund or any index that such Fund is intended to replicate. The 
Management Company or the licensor/sponsor, as applicable, of an underlying index can 
add, delete or substitute the assets included in such index, respectively, or make 
methodological changes that could affect the value of such Fund or of such underlying 
index, respectively. The substitution of assets included in the portfolio of a Fund or in an 
underlying index, respectively, may affect the value of such Fund, as a newly added asset 
may perform significantly worse or better than the asset it replaces, which in turn may 
affect the market value of, or payments (or other benefits to be received) under, the 
Products. The Management Company or licensor/sponsor of any underlying index may 
also alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of information on such 
Fund or such underlying index, respectively. The Management Company and 
licensor/sponsor of such underlying index are not involved in the offer and sale of the 
Products and have no obligation to invest therein. The Management Company and 
licensor/sponsor of such underlying index may take any actions in respect of such Fund 
or such underlying index, respectively, without regard to the interests of the Investors in

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
 
33 
 
Products, and any of these actions could adversely affect the market value of (or amount 
payable under) such Products. In particular, no assurance can be given that the 
performance of a Fund will be identical to the performance of the assets included in the 
portfolio of the Fund(s) or which the Fund intends to replicate, respectively, due to many 
factors. 
(iii) 
Risks in relation to market price 
The market price of interests in the Fund that are traded on an exchange may, due to the 
forces of supply and demand, as well as liquidity and scale of trading spread in the 
secondary market, diverge from their net asset value, i.e., the market price per interest in 
the Fund could be higher or lower than its net asset value, and will fluctuate during the 
trading day. 
The performance of Fund(s) with a portfolio of assets that are concentrated in the assets 
of a particular industry or group of industries could be more volatile than the performance 
of Funds with portfolios of more diverse assets. 
(iv) 
Risks in relation to costs of Funds 
A Fund's performance will be affected by the fees and expenses which it incurs, as 
described in its offering documents. Such fees and expenses may include the investment 
management fees, performance fees and operating expenses typically incurred in 
connection with any direct investment in a Fund. A Fund will assess fees and incur costs 
and expenses regardless of its performance. High levels of trading could cause a Fund to 
incur increased trading costs. Investors of Products linked to Fund(s) will be exposed to 
a pro rata share of the fees and expenses of the relevant Fund(s). 
(v) 
Valuation risk in relation to a Fund 
The Calculation Agent will rely on the calculation and publication of the net asset value 
per Fund Unit by the relevant Fund itself (or another entity on its behalf). Any delay, 
suspension or inaccuracy in the calculation and publication of the net asset value per 
Fund Unit will impact on the calculation of the return on the Products. The value of and 
return on the Products may also be reduced if a Fund delays payments in respect of fund 
share redemptions. 
The Fund Units and/or the investments made by a Fund may be valued only by 
administrators, custodians or other service provider of the Fund and may not be verified 
by an independent third party on a regular or timely basis. There is a risk that (i) the 
determinations of the Calculation Agent may not reflect the true value of the Fund Units 
at a specific time which could result in losses or inaccurate pricing and/or (ii) relevant 
values may not be available on a relevant date which could result in the Fund Units of 
the Fund being determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion. 
(vi) 
Risk that strategies of a Fund may not be successful in achieving its investment objective 
No assurance can be given that the investment strategy of a Fund will be successful or 
that the investment objective of such Fund will be achieved, or that any analytical model 
used by the relevant management company will prove to be correct or that any 
assessments of the short-term or long-term prospects, volatility and correlation of the 
types of investments in which such Fund has invested or will invest will prove accurate. 
The analytical models utilised by a management company of a Fund and upon which 
investment decisions are based may be developed from historical analysis of the 
performance or correlation of historical analysis of the performance or correlations of 
certain companies, securities, industries, countries or markets. There can be no assurance 
that the historical performance that is used to determine such analytical models will be a 
good indicator of future performance, and if the future performance of a Fund varies 
significantly, the management company of such Fund may not achieve its intended 
investment performance.

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
 
34 
 
No assurance can be given that the strategies to be used by a Fund will be successful 
under all or any market conditions. A Fund may utilise financial instruments such as 
derivatives for investment purposes and/or seek to hedge against fluctuations in the 
relative values of the Fund's portfolio positions as a result of changes in exchange rates, 
interest rates, equity prices and levels of yields and prices of other securities. Such 
hedging transactions may not always achieve the intended outcome and can also limit 
potential gains. 
The management of a Fund may have broad discretion over its investment strategy, 
within specified parameters. A Fund could, for example, alter its investment focus within 
a prescribed market. Any shift in strategy could bear adverse consequences to a Fund's 
investment performance. Further, a Fund may have difficulty realising on any strategy 
initiatives that it undertakes. It may not sometimes be clear whether the Fund fulfils the 
investment criteria set out in its investment guidelines. 
(k) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are reference rates (including 
interest rates) 
Reference rates are mainly dependent upon the supply and demand for credit in the money 
market, i.e., the rates of interest paid on investments, determined by the interaction of supply of 
and demand for funds in the money market. The supply and demand in the money market on 
the other hand is dependent upon macroeconomic factors, such as interest and price levels on 
the capital markets, currency developments and political factors, or upon other factors, 
depending on the specific type of reference rate. Such factors affecting the performance of a 
reference rate may adversely affect the market value of, and return (if any) on, Products linked 
thereto. 
In principle, the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent (as the case may be) have no influence on 
the determination of the reference rate(s). Reference rates are generally calculated by an 
independent organization or a governmental authority, often based on information provided by 
market participants. The entity publishing an interest rate or reference rate can modify the 
calculation method for determining such reference rate or make other methodological changes 
that could affect the value of the interest rate or reference rate. The calculation or dissemination 
of such reference rate may also be altered, discontinued or suspended. The entity publishing a 
reference rate is not involved in the offer and sale of the Products and has no obligation to invest 
therein. The entity publishing a reference rate may take any actions in respect of such reference 
rate without regard to the interests of the Investors in Products and any of these actions could 
adversely affect the market value of such Products. 
(l) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Derivative Instruments or Fixed Rate Instruments 
(each an "Instrument") 
(i) 
There are risks in relation to each type of Instrument 
Instruments may be linked to different types of underlying assets, including, but not 
limited to, indices and shares. Risks in relation to each type of underlying asset are 
described in the section entitled "Risks associated with certain types of Underlying". 
(ii) 
Following the occurrence of certain events in relation to the Instruments, the Instruments 
may be substituted or the Products may be redeemed early at the non-scheduled early 
repayment amount 
In the event that an Instrument is terminated or redeemed early or in the event of changes 
to the terms and conditions of the Instrument, the Instruments may be replaced with 
another instrument or the Products may be redeemed early at the unscheduled early 
redemption amount, which may be zero in the worst case, i.e. the Investor may suffer a 
total loss of the capital invested. 
(m) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are emerging markets 
Underlyings

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
 
35 
 
Investments in so-called emerging markets contain further risk factors in addition to the risks 
normally associated with the investment in the respective underlying. These include the unstable 
economic situation, high inflation, increased currency risks as well as political and legal risks. 
The political and economic structures in emerging markets are sometimes subject to 
considerable transitions and rapid developments and these countries often lack social, political 
and economic stability if compared with more industrialised nations. Of particular importance 
is the increased risk of currency fluctuations. Instability in these countries can also be caused 
by authoritarian governments or military interference in political and economic decision 
making. This also includes anti-constitutional (attempted) regime change, civil unrest relating 
to demands for improved political, economic and social conditions, hostile relations with 
neighbouring countries or conflicts based on ethnic, religious or racial reasons.  
There is also the possibility of restrictions being imposed on foreign investors, expropriation of 
assets, confiscatory taxation, confiscation or nationalisation of foreign bank deposits or other 
assets, the introduction of currency controls or other detrimental developments which may 
adversely affect the success of investments in such countries. Such adverse effects can, under 
certain circumstances, last for long periods of time, i.e., months or years. Each of these adverse 
effects may cause what is known as a market disruption in relation to the Products and one of 
the results of this may be that during this period no prices will be quoted for the Products affected 
by the market disruption.  
The small size and lack of experience on the securities markets in certain countries as well as 
the limited trading volume of securities can cause an underlying to be less liquid and/or 
considerably more volatile than underlyings in more established markets. It is possible that very 
little financial information is available on local issuers, which can make it difficult to assess the 
value of and/or prospects of the underlying.  
In addition, if the underlyings of the Products are quoted in local currency, i.e., not hedged 
against the currency of the Products, there is an increased foreign exchange risk. Experience 
shows that the currency exchange rates in emerging markets are subject to particularly high 
fluctuations. This may result in a considerable negative performance of the Product, even though 
the performance of the underlying during the term of the Product has essentially remained 
unchanged or even risen. This may mean that some or all of the total performance of the 
underlying may be eroded by currency losses and that the performance of the underlying even 
may become negative.  
(n) 
The regulation and reform of certain published rates, indices, and other values or 
"benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of and return on the Products linked to such 
values or benchmarks 
A number of major interest rates, other rates, indices and other published values or benchmarks 
are the subject of national and international regulatory reforms. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on Products linked to any such value or benchmark.  
The Benchmarks Regulation 
The EU Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the "Benchmarks Regulation") 
is a key element of ongoing regulatory reform in the EU and has applied, subject to certain 
transitional provisions, since 1 January 2018. In addition to so-called "critical benchmarks" such 
as LIBOR and EURIBOR, other interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and indices, including 
equity, commodity and "proprietary" indices or strategies, will in most cases be within scope of 
the Benchmarks Regulation as "benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount 
payable under, or the value of, certain financial instruments (including Products listed on an EU 
regulated market or EU multilateral trading facility (MTF)), and in a number of other 
circumstances.  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the contribution of input data to a benchmark, the 
administration of a benchmark, and the use of a benchmark in the EU. Amongst other things,

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
 
36 
 
the Benchmarks Regulation requires EU benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered as such and to comply with extensive requirements relating to benchmark 
administration. It also prohibits certain uses by EU supervised entities of (a) benchmarks 
provided by EU administrators which are not authorised or registered in accordance with the 
Benchmarks Regulation and (b) benchmarks provided by non-EU administrators where (i) the 
administrator's regulatory regime has not been determined to be "equivalent" to that of the EU, 
(ii) the administrator has not been recognised in accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation, 
and (iii) the benchmark has not been endorsed in accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation.  
ESMA maintains a public register of EU-approved benchmark administrators and non-EU 
benchmarks pursuant to the Benchmarks Regulation (the "ESMA Register"). Benchmarks and 
benchmark administrators which were approved by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") 
prior to 31 December 2020 were removed from the ESMA Register on 1 January 2021.  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on Products linked to a 'benchmark'. 
For example: 
 
a rate or index which is a 'benchmark' may not be used in certain ways by an EU 
supervised entity if (subject to applicable transitional provisions) its administrator does 
not obtain authorisation or registration (or, if a non-EU entity, does not satisfy the 
'equivalence' conditions and is not 'recognised' pending an equivalence decision); and 
 
the methodology or other terms of the benchmark could be changed in order to comply 
with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could reduce or increase 
the rate or level or affect the volatility of the published rate or level, and (depending on 
the terms of the particular Products) could lead to adjustments to the terms of the 
Products, including potentially determination by the Calculation Agent of the rate or 
level in its discretion. 
Reform and replacement of Interbank Offered Rates  
Amongst other developments, relevant authorities are strongly encouraging the transition away 
from Interbank Offered Rates ("IBORs"), such as LIBOR and EURIBOR, and have identified 
"risk free rates" to eventually take the place of such IBORs as primary benchmarks. This 
includes (i) for sterling LIBOR, a reformed Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), so 
that SONIA may be established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 
2021, (ii) for EONIA and EURIBOR, a new Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR) as the new euro 
risk- free rate, and (iii) for USD LIBOR, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") to 
be eventually established as the primary US dollar interest rate benchmark. The risk free rates 
have a different methodology and other important differences from the IBORs they will 
eventually replace and have little, if any, historical track record. It is not known whether certain 
IBORs will continue long-term in their current form. 
The reforms and eventual replacement of IBORs with risk free rates may cause the relevant 
IBOR to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. The replacement risk free rate may have little, if any, historical track 
record and may be subject to changes in its methodology. Any of these developments could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on Products linked to any such rates. 
(o) 
Risks associated with Products linked to an Underlying(s) denominated in renminbi 
(i) 
Renminbi is subject to the People's Republic of China exchange control policies 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and is subject to exchange control policies and 
restrictions of the People's Republic of China government. As a result of restrictions 
imposed by the People's Republic of China government on cross-border renminbi fund 
flows, the availability of renminbi outside the People's Republic of China is limited, 
which may adversely affect the liquidity of renminbi outside the People's Republic of 
China, which in turn may adversely affect the market value, and the potential return, of 
Products linked to or denominated in renminbi. 
(ii) 
Risks relating to renminbi exchange rate and interest rate

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
 
37 
 
If specified in the Issue Terms, the Product will be denominated and settled in renminbi 
outside the People's Republic of China. The exchange rate of, and interest rate for, 
renminbi outside the People's Republic of China may be different from the same in the 
People's Republic of China. The value of renminbi against Hong Kong dollar and other 
foreign currencies fluctuates and is affected by changes in the People's Republic of China 
and international political, economic and market conditions and by many other factors. 
There is no guarantee that renminbi will not depreciate and any devaluation of renminbi 
could adversely affect the market value of the Product. In addition, interest rates for 
renminbi in the People's Republic of China government are controlled. The People's 
Republic of China government may further liberalise the regulation of interest rates for 
renminbi in the People's Republic of China which may increase interest rate volatility for 
renminbi outside the People's Republic of China. Any fluctuation in interest rates for 
renminbi outside the People's Republic of China may adversely affect the market value, 
and the potential return, of the Product. 
(iii) 
Risks relating to renminbi payment risk 
If the Settlement Currency or Investment Currency of the Product is renminbi, and FX 
Disruption Event is 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and has occurred and is continuing 
on, a scheduled date of payment, payment may be made in the Specified Currency on the 
postponed payment date if a Specified Currency is chosen in the Issue Terms. In such 
case, there may be a delay in payments under the Product and no interest will be payable 
for any such delay. Investors may also suffer a loss in Specified Currency terms if 
renminbi depreciates against the Specified Currency following the occurrence of an FX 
Disruption Event. 
2.5 
Risks associated with Proprietary Indices as Underlying(s) 
Unless the context otherwise requires, all capitalised terms which are not defined in this Base 
Prospectus will have the meanings given to them in the rules of the Relevant Index (as defined 
below). 
(a) 
Risks relating to Proprietary Indices generally 
(i) 
The Issuer is the sponsor of each Proprietary Index and each Underlying Strategy (if 
any) 
The Issuer (or an affiliate) is the sponsor of each Proprietary Index and each Underlying 
Strategy (if any) (each a "Relevant Index"). Each Relevant Index has been developed, 
owned, calculated and maintained by the Issuer (or an affiliate), and it has the 
responsibility for the composition, calculation and maintenance of such Relevant Index. 
As index sponsor, the Issuer (or an affiliate) may also amend the rules of the Relevant 
Index from time to time, or discontinue it, in its discretion. In its capacity as index 
sponsor, the Issuer (and any applicable affiliate) is under no obligation to take into 
account the interests of an Investor of the Products that references a Proprietary Index. 
Any such determinations made by the Issuer as index sponsor in relation to each Relevant 
Index may have a negative impact on the value of and return on your Products. 
(ii) 
The actual weights or quantities of component(s) may vary following each rebalancing 
The actual weight or quantity of each of the components of the Relevant Index may be 
different than the assigned weights or quantities, and therefore the relative contribution 
of each components of the Relevant Index to the level of the Relevant Index may vary 
from time to time, depending on the performance of each of the components relative to 
the other components since such immediately preceding rebalancing. The longer the 
period between each rebalancing, the greater the likelihood that there will be a significant 
variance between the absolute values of the weights or quantities of the components and 
the Relevant Index may therefore have an exposure to a component further below or in 
greater excess of its assigned weight than it would if the period were shorter, which may 
result in a greater skewing of the absolute nature of the investment positions with respect 
to the components and increase the overall risk profile of the Relevant Index.

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
 
38 
 
(iii) 
Historical levels of a Relevant Index may not be indicative of future performance  
Past performance of a Relevant Index is no guide to future performance. It is impossible 
to predict whether the value of a Relevant Index will rise or fall. The actual performance 
of a Relevant Index in the future may bear little relation to the historical performance of 
a Relevant Index. 
(iv) 
An Investor in Products linked to a Proprietary Index will have no rights in respect of 
any component(s)  
The investment exposure provided by a Relevant Index is synthetic, and a notional 
investment in a Relevant Index does not constitute a purchase or other acquisition or 
assignment of any interest in any component of a Relevant Index (or any sub-components 
thereof). Investment in Products linked to a Proprietary Index will therefore not make an 
investor a holder of, or give an investor a direct investment position in, any component 
(or any sub-components thereof). The return on your Products may be less than if you 
held a direct position in a Relevant Index or any component (or any sub-components 
thereof), or a different product linked thereto. 
(v) 
A Relevant Index may have a limited operating history and may perform in unanticipated 
ways 
Each Relevant Index is a relatively new strategy. As limited historical performance data 
may exist with respect to a Relevant Index and/or the components referenced by such 
Relevant Index, any investment in respect of which returns are linked to the performance 
of a Relevant Index or its components may involve greater risk than an investment linked 
to returns generated by an investment strategy with a proven track record. While a longer 
history of actual performance could provide more reliable information on which to base 
an investment decision, the fact that a Relevant Index and the relevant components are 
relatively new would not allow this. There can be no guarantee or assurance that a 
Relevant Index or its components will operate in a manner consistent with the data 
available. 
(vi) 
The index sponsor's hedging activity may affect the level of a Relevant Index 
By executing products linked to a Relevant Index ("Linked Products"), the Issuer will 
have an exposure to such Relevant Index and its components. The Issuer (or an affiliate) 
may take risk positions to hedge this exposure in its sole discretion and in a principal 
capacity. Investors in any Linked Product will not have any rights in respect of any of 
the Issuer's hedge positions, including any shares, futures, options, commodities or 
currencies. The Issuer (or an affiliate) may execute its hedging activity by trading in the 
components of a Relevant Index on or before the related rebalancing day. Such trading 
may have an adverse impact on the level at which a component is rebalanced which will 
result in an adverse impact on the performance of such Relevant Index. The Issuer's 
hedging activity, and hence the size of such impact, will be linked to the amount of new 
and outstanding Linked Products at the relevant time and then-prevailing market 
conditions and may affect the market price of or liquidity in the relevant market of a 
Relevant Index. Additionally, the Issuer may generate revenues if it executes its hedging 
activity at different levels from those used to determine the value of a Relevant Index or 
on a rebalancing of such Relevant Index. Such hedging activity could generate 
significant returns to the Issuer that will not be passed on to investors in Linked Products. 
(vii) 
As index sponsor and/or calculation agent of a Relevant Index, the Issuer has the 
authority to make determinations that could materially affect such Relevant Index and 
create conflicts of interest 
As the index sponsor and/or calculation agent of a Relevant Index (or an affiliate thereof), 
the Issuer does not generally exercise any discretion in relation to the operation of such 
Relevant Index. The Issuer owes no fiduciary duties in respect of each Relevant Index. 
The Issuer may, however, exercise discretion in certain limited situations including, but 
not limited to, those situations described in the relevant Index Rules.

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
 
39 
 
Determinations made by the Issuer as the index sponsor and/or calculation agent of a 
Relevant Index could adversely affect the level of such Relevant Index and the exercise 
by the Issuer of its discretion could present it with a conflict of interest. In making those 
determinations, the index sponsor and/or calculation agent will not be required to, and 
will not, take the interests of any investor in Products linked to the relevant Proprietary 
Index into account or consider the effect its determinations will have on the value of such 
Products. All determinations made by index sponsor and/or calculation agent shall be at 
its sole discretion and shall be conclusive for all purposes and will bind all holders of 
any Products linked to the Proprietary Index. The index sponsor and/or calculation agent 
shall not have any liability for such determinations. 
(viii) A Relevant Index may be changed or become unavailable  
The index sponsor may alter the methodology used to calculate a Relevant Index or to 
discontinue publication of the value of a Relevant Index and such event may result in a 
decrease in the value of or return on any Products linked to a Proprietary Index. Any 
changes may be made without regard to the interests of an investor of Products linked to 
a Proprietary Index. 
A permanent cancellation of a Relevant Index or a failure by the index sponsor to 
calculate or announce the value of a Relevant Index may constitute a disruption event in 
respect of, and, therefore, may result in a decrease in the value of or return on any, 
Products linked to a Proprietary Index or result in the termination or early redemption of 
such Products.  
Furthermore, the decisions and policies of the index sponsor concerning the calculation 
of the value of a Relevant Index could affect its value and, therefore, the amount payable 
over the term of Products linked to a Proprietary Index and the market value of such 
Products. The amount payable on Products linked to a Proprietary Index and their market 
value could also be affected if the index sponsor changes these policies. 
2.6 
Risks associated with conflicts of interest of Leonteq AG as Issuer, Lead Manager and 
Calculation Agent and its subsidiaries and of the discretionary powers of the Issuer and 
Calculation Agent  
(a) 
Conflicts of interest  
(i) 
Conflicts of interest related to the Underlying(s) 
Each of the Issuer, Lead Manager and Calculation Agent and other companies in the 
Leonteq Group deal in the Underlying(s) or in components of the Underlying(s) or in 
options or futures contracts relating to the Underlying(s) or components thereof in their 
normal course of business and from time to time may participate in transactions 
connected to the Products for their own account or on behalf of others. Companies in the 
Leonteq Group can also hold interests in individual Underlyings or in the companies 
contained in these Underlyings, meaning that conflicts of interest can arise in connection 
with the Products which conflicts could have an impact (including a material adverse 
impact) on the value of, and return on, the Products.  
(ii) 
Conflicts of interest related to the performance of another function 
Leonteq Securities AG (or another company in the Leonteq Group) may, in addition to 
its capacity as Issuer, exercise another function in relation to the relevant Products or 
Underlying(s) or components thereof, such as issuing agent, calculation agent, paying 
agent and/or administrative agent. Therefore, there can be conflicts of interest regarding 
the duties when determining the prices of the Products and other determinations related 
thereto among Leonteq Group and the Investors. Furthermore, the Issuer, Lead Manager 
and Calculation Agent and other companies in the Leonteq Group may act as members 
of a consortium, financial advisor or sponsor in connection with future offers of the 
relevant Underlying(s) or components thereof; activities of this kind can also entail

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
 
40 
 
conflicts of interest and could have an impact (including a material adverse impact) on 
the value of, and return on, the Products. 
(iii) 
Conflicts of interest related to the performance of hedging transactions 
The Issuer can use parts or all of the proceeds from the sale of the Products for hedging 
transactions. These hedging transactions can influence the price of the underlyings or the 
components of the underlying that is determined on the market. Fluctuations in the price 
of the Underlying(s) and consequently the Products may among other things be attributed 
to the fact that the Lead Manager (or any of its affiliate(s) or any entity (or entities) acting 
on behalf of the Lead Manager) conduct significant volumes of hedging or other types 
of large transactions in or relating to the Underlying(s). Investors should also note in this 
respect that, especially in unfavourable conditions (e.g., low liquidity of the 
Underlying(s)), such transactions can have a significant impact on the value of the 
Underlying(s) and/or of the components contained therein and thus on the price of the 
Products, the level of any redemption amount as well as – in the case of Products which 
may stipulate a redemption by way of delivery – on the type of redemption and possibly 
lead to certain barrier levels stipulated in the terms and conditions being exceeded or 
fallen short of. 
The hedging entity is entitled to suspend or to stop entirely its trading activities in or 
related to an Underlying. This market conduct of the hedging entity as well as the 
limitation of its trading or hedging activities in or related to the Underlying(s) could have 
an impact (including a material adverse impact) on the value of, and return on, the 
Products.  
(iv) 
Conflicts of interest related to the issuance of additional products 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries, the Lead Manager and the Calculation Agent can issue 
additional products in relation to the Underlying(s) or components of the Underlying(s), 
including those that have the same or similar features as the Products. The introduction 
of products that are in competition with the Products can have an impact on the price of 
the Underlying(s) or components of the Underlying(s) and therefore have an impact on 
the value of, and return on, the Products.  
(v) 
Conflicts of interest related to information specific to the Underlying(s) 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries, the Lead Manager and the Calculation Agent can receive 
non-public information regarding the underlying or components of the Underlying(s), 
but are not obliged to pass such information on to the Investors in the Products. 
Furthermore, the Issuer and its subsidiaries, the Lead Manager and the Calculation Agent 
can publish research reports on the underlying or components of the underlying. These 
activities can give rise to specific conflicts of interest and therefore could have an impact 
(including a material adverse impact) on the value of, and return on, the Products.  
(vi) 
Conflicts of interest related to the determination of the selling price of the Products and 
commission payments 
The selling price of the Products, where appropriate in addition to fixed issue surcharges, 
management fees, performance fees or other fees, may contain surcharges on the initial 
mathematical 'fair' value of the Products (the "margin"). This margin will be determined 
by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion and can differ from surcharges that other issuers 
impose on comparable Products. This margin covers, among other things, the costs of 
structuring, market making and settlement of the Products and also includes the expected 
profit for the Issuer. 
The selling price of the Products may contain commission which is charged by the Lead 
Manager for the issue or which is passed on to distribution partners as payment for 
distribution services. This may give rise to a difference between the fair value of the 
Product and the bid and offer prices quoted by any market maker (as described below). 
Any commission contained in the Products affects the Investor's potential rate of return.

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
 
41 
 
Furthermore, conflicts of interest detrimental to the Investor may arise due to payment 
of such commission to distribution partners, since it could create an incentive for the 
partner to sell its customers products with higher commission. Therefore, Investors 
should consult with their principal bank or financial advisor about such conflicts of 
interest.  
(vii) 
Conflicts of interest related to market making for the Products 
Under normal market conditions the Lead Manager or, if applicable, a third party (the 
"Market Maker") may quote bid and offer prices for each issue of Products. However, 
no legal obligations are assumed with respect to the amount or the realisation of such 
quotations. Investors should note that it may not be possible to sell the Products during 
their term at a particular point in time or at a particular price.  
Furthermore, bid and offer prices for the Products quoted by the Market Maker (if any) 
will be calculated on the basis of customary pricing models for the sector that are used 
by the Market Maker and other traders and which determine the theoretical value of the 
Products by taking into account various factors influencing prices.  
Such circumstances on which the Market Maker bases its determination of the bid and 
offer prices on the secondary market include, in particular, the theoretical value of the 
Products, which among other things depends on the value of the underlying and the 
spread between bid and offer prices desired by the Market Maker. In addition, an issue 
surcharge that is originally imposed on the Products and any fees or costs that are 
deducted from the redemption amount at maturity, such as commission, administrative 
fees, transaction costs or comparable costs, will generally be considered. Furthermore, 
the margin contained in the selling price of the Products, for example, has an impact on 
pricing in the secondary market or other returns, such as paid or expected dividends or 
any other returns on the Underlying or its components if the Issuer is entitled to these 
due to the features of the Products. 
Certain costs such as any administrative fees charged are often during pricing not spread 
equally over the term of the Products (pro rata temporis), thereby reducing the price, but 
instead are deducted in full from the theoretical value of the Products at an earlier point 
in time determined at the discretion of the Market Maker. The same applies for the 
margin, if any, contained in the selling price of the Products as well as for dividends and 
other returns on the underlying if the Issuer is entitled to these due to the features of the 
Products. These are often not only deducted from the price when the underlying or its 
components are traded 'ex dividend', but are deducted at an earlier point during the term 
on the basis of the expected dividends for the whole term or a particular period. The 
speed of the deduction depends among other things on the amount of any net return flow 
from the Products to the Market Maker. The prices quoted by the Market Maker can 
therefore deviate considerably from the theoretical value or value of the Products to be 
expected based on the above mentioned factors at the relevant point in time. Furthermore, 
the Market Maker can change the methodology by which the prices are determined at 
any time, e.g., by increasing or decreasing the spread. The result of such deviation from 
the theoretical value of the Products can be that bid and offer prices quoted by other 
traders for the Products deviate significantly (both upwards and downwards) from the 
prices quoted by the Market Maker. 
(viii) Additional conflicts of interests associated with Products linked to a Proprietary Index 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise in relation to the Issuer's multiple roles in 
connection with a Proprietary Index. Although the Issuer will perform its obligations in 
a manner that it considers commercially reasonable, it may face conflicts between the 
roles it performs in respect of a Proprietary Index and its own interests. In particular, the 
Issuer (or an affiliate) may have, or enter into transactions to create, a physical, economic 
or other interest (including an adverse and/or short interest, as the case may be) in a 
Relevant Index, products linked thereto, any component of a Relevant Index, any input 
data and/or investments referenced by or linked to any component or input data, and may 
exercise remedies or take other action with respect to its interests as it deems appropriate.

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
 
42 
 
These actions could adversely affect the level of the Relevant Index and may include the 
following: 
(A) 
The Issuer (or an affiliate) actively trades (or may actually trade) products linked 
to each Relevant Index, any component or input data thereof, investments 
referenced by or linked to a component or input data and numerous related 
investments. These activities could adversely affect the level of the Relevant 
Index, which could in turn affect the return on, and the value of, Products linked 
to a Proprietary Index. 
(B) 
The Issuer (or an affiliate) may have access to information relating to a Relevant 
Index, products linked thereto, a component or input date of a Relevant Index or 
investments referenced by or linked to a component or input data. The Issuer is 
not obliged to use that information for the benefit of any person acquiring or 
entering into Products linked to a Proprietary Index. 
(C) 
Certain activities conducted by the Issuer (or an affiliate) may conflict with the 
interests of those acquiring Products linked to a Proprietary Index. It is possible 
that the Issuer could receive substantial returns in respect of these activities while 
the value of any investment referenced to such Proprietary Index may decline. 
For example: the Issuer and other parties may issue or underwrite additional 
securities or trade other financial or derivative instruments or investments 
referenced to a Relevant Index or other similar strategies or any component. An 
increased level of investment and trading in these securities, instruments or 
investments may negatively affect the performance of a Relevant Index and could 
affect the level of a Relevant Index and, therefore, the amount payable at maturity 
(or on any other payment date) on Products linked to a Proprietary Index and the 
value before maturity of such Products. Such securities, instruments or 
investments may also compete with Products linked to a Proprietary Index. By 
introducing competing products into the marketplace in this manner, the Issuer 
could adversely affect the market value of Products linked to a Proprietary Index 
and the amount paid by it on such Securities at maturity (or on any other payment 
date). To the extent that the Issuer serves as issuer, agent, underwriter or 
counterparty in respect of those securities or other similar instruments or 
investments, its interests in respect of those securities, instruments or investments 
may be adverse to the interests of investors of Products linked to a Proprietary 
Index. 
(b) 
Discretionary powers of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, including in relation to the 
Issuer's hedging arrangements 
There are certain events – relating to the Issuer, the Issuer's hedging arrangements, the 
Underlying(s), taxation, the relevant currency or other matters – the occurrence of which may 
give rise to discretionary powers of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent under the terms and 
conditions of the Products.  
In relation to the Underlying(s), a key investment objective of the Products is to allow investors 
to gain an economic exposure to the Underlying(s). If an Underlying is materially impacted by 
an unexpected event (for example, a company merges and the original stock that formed an 
Underlying is restructured or changed, or the rules of an index that is an Underlying are 
materially modified) or the relevant price, level or value can no longer be calculated, then it may 
not be possible to achieve the investment objective of the Products based on their original terms. 
In that case, the Calculation Agent may have discretionary powers under the terms and 
conditions of the Products to (i) adjust the terms and conditions of the Products, (ii) in certain 
cases, substitute the Underlying(s) for another, (iii) calculate the relevant price, level or value 
itself, (iv) postpone payment, (v) redeem the Products early, or (vi) apply some combination 
thereof. 
In relation to the Issuer or the Calculation Agent's hedging arrangements, Investors should be 
aware that (i) in exercising its discretionary powers under the terms and conditions of the 
Products, each of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent may take into account such factors as it

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
 
43 
 
determines appropriate in each case, which may include, in particular, any circumstances or 
events which have or may have a material impact on the Issuer or the Calculation Agent's 
hedging arrangements in respect of the Products, and (ii) unless the terms and conditions of the 
Products provide that certain hedge disruption events do not apply, certain events which affect 
the Issuer's hedging arrangements can give rise to discretionary powers on the part of the Issuer 
and the Calculation Agent.  
Hedging arrangements are the transactions (if any) entered into by the Issuer or Calculation 
Agent to seek to cover the Issuer's exposure to the relevant cash amounts to be paid or assets to 
be delivered under the Products as these fall due. This may involve investing directly in the 
Underlying(s) or entering into derivative contracts referencing the Underlying(s) or other 
techniques. The particular hedging arrangements (if any) undertaken by the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, and their cost, will likely be a significant determinant of the issue price 
and/or economic terms of the Products. Accordingly, if an event occurs which negatively 
impacts the Issuer or Calculation Agent's hedging arrangements, the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent may have options available to it under the terms and conditions of the Products which it 
may select in its discretion in order to deal with the impact of the event on such hedging 
arrangements. These options may include adjustment of the terms and conditions of the Products 
or early redemption of the Products. In the event of early redemption, the early redemption 
amount may be less than an Investor's investment and, therefore, Investors could lose some or 
all of their money.

--- Page 45 ---
Information Incorporated by Reference 
 
44 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The information set out under paragraph 2 (Information incorporated by reference) below contained in 
the documents set out under paragraph 1 (Source document(s)) below has been filed with the CSSF and 
shall be incorporated into, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
Source document(s) 
(a) 
The Registration Document of Leonteq Securities AG dated 24 June 2021 (which can be 
accessed 
from 
the 
following 
hyperlink: 
https://common.leonteq.com/engine/our-
services/prospectuses-disclosures/documents/Registration_Document_2021.pdf 
) 
(the 
"Registration Document") approved by the CSSF. The Registration Document will be 
published in electronic form on the website of the Issuer (www.leonteq.com) and on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
(b) 
The Base Prospectus of Leonteq Securities AG dated 24 June 2020 (which can be accessed from 
the 
following 
hyperlink: 
https://common.leonteq.com/engine/our-services/prospectuses-
disclosures/documents/200624_LTQ_Base Prospectus_ENGLISH.pdf ) (the "June 2020 Base 
Prospectus") approved by the CSSF on 24 June 2020 and which expires on 24 June 2021. 
(c) 
The first Prospectus Supplement of Leonteq Securities AG to the June 2020 Base Prospectus 
dated 24 November 2020 (which can be accessed from the following hyperlink: 
https://common.leonteq.com/engine/our-services/prospectuses-
disclosures/documents/LTQ_Supplement_24_November 
2021.pdf 
) 
(the 
"Prospectus 
Supplement No.1") approved by the CSSF on 24 November 2020. 
(d) 
The second Prospectus Supplement of Leonteq Securities AG to the June 2020 Base Prospectus 
dated 12 May 2021 (which can be accessed from the following hyperlink: 
https://common.leonteq.com/engine/our-services/prospectuses-
disclosures/documents/LTQ_Supplement_12_May_2021.pdf ) (the "Prospectus Supplement 
No.2") approved by the CSSF on 12 May 2021. 
(e) 
The 2020 Annual Report of Leonteq Securities AG for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020; 
(which 
can 
be 
accessed 
from 
the 
following 
hyperlink: 
https://common.leonteq.com/corporate/investors/annual-report/2020/leonteq+securities+ag-
full+year+report-2020-en.pdf) (the "2020 Annual Report"). 
(f) 
The 2019 Annual Report of Leonteq Securities AG for the financial year ended 31 December 
2019; 
(which 
can 
be 
accessed 
from 
the 
following 
hyperlink: 
https://common.leonteq.com/engine/our-services/prospectuses-
disclosures/documents/Annual_Report_2019-en.pdf ) (the "2019 Annual Report"). 
2. 
Information incorporated by reference 
The information specified in the table below is incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference. Any 
information contained in the document specified in paragraph 1 (Source document(s)) above which is 
not listed in the cross-reference lists below is either not relevant for investors for the purposes of Article 
6(1) of the EU Prospectus Regulation or is covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus.  
From the Registration Document  
Page references 
Names and addresses of the Issuer's auditors for the period covered by the 
historical financial information (together with their membership in a 
professional body).
Page 9 
Risk Factors
Pages 3 to 7
History and development of the Issuer
Page 11
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer
Page 11
The place of registration of the Issuer, its registration number and legal 
entity identifier
Page 17 
The date of incorporation of the Issuer
Page 11

--- Page 46 ---
Information Incorporated by Reference 
 
45 
 
From the Registration Document  
Page references 
The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the legislation under which it 
operates, its country of incorporation, its address, telephone number of its 
registered office and website 
Pages 1, 11, 17 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer
Pages 16 to 17
A description of the Issuer's principal activities
Page 11
A brief description of the Leonteq Group and the Issuer's position within 
the Leonteq Group
Page 10 
An appropriate statement to the effect that there has been no material 
adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last 
published audited financial statements 
Page 12 
A description of any significant change in the financial performance of the 
Leonteq Group since the end of the last financial period for which 
financial information has been published to the date of the Registration 
Document
Page 12 
Names, business addresses and functions within the Issuer of members of 
the administrative, management or supervisory bodies
Pages 12 to 14 
Administrative, management, and supervisory bodies' conflicts of interests
Page 14
Information on the major shareholder that owns and controls the Issuer
Page 15
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings during a 
period covering at least the previous 12 months which may have, or have 
had in the recent past significant effects on the Issuer and/or Leonteq 
Group's financial position or profitability
Pages 15 to 16 
Description of any significant change in the financial position of the 
Leonteq Group which has occurred since the end of the last financial 
period for which either audited financial information or interim financial 
information have been published
Page 12 
Additional information on share capital 
Page 15
Additional information on the articles of association
Page 11
Material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the 
Issuer's business, which could result in any member of the Leonteq Group 
being under an obligation or an entitlement that is material to the Issuer's 
ability to meet its obligations to security holders in respect of the securities 
being issued
Page 16 
Details of where the Issuer's up to date articles of association and 
Registration Document are available 
Page 18 
From the June 2020 Base Prospectus 
Payout Conditions 
Pages 76 to 241
Underlying Specific Conditions
Pages 242 to 325
General Conditions
Pages 44 to 75
Form of Final Terms (the "June 2020 Form of Final Terms")
Pages 326 to 420
From the Prospectus Supplement No.1 
Amendment to the Base Prospectus
Pages 1 to 2
From the Prospectus Supplement No.2 
Amendment to the Base Prospectus
Pages 1 to 6
Applicable Final Terms
Page 6
From the June 2020 Annual Report* 
Report of Statutory Auditor 
Pages 91 to 94
Income Statement
Page 25
Statement of Other Comprehensive Income
Page 25
Statement of Financial Position
Page 26
Statement of Changes in Equity
Pages 27 to 28
Statement of Cash Flows
Pages 29 to 30
Notes to the Financial Statements
Pages 31 to 34
From the June 2019 Annual Report* 
Report of Statutory Auditor 
Pages 91 to 94
Income Statement
Page 24
Statement of Other Comprehensive Income
Page 24

--- Page 47 ---
Information Incorporated by Reference 
 
46 
 
From the Registration Document  
Page references 
Statement of Financial Position
Page 25
Statement of Changes in Equity
Pages 26 to 27
Statement of Cash Flows
Pages 28 to 29
Notes to the Financial Statements
Pages 30 to 90
 
*The page numbers referenced above in relation to the 2019 Annual Report and the 2020 Annual Report 
relate to the PDF version of such document. 
Investors who have not previously reviewed the information contained in the above document should do 
so in connection with their evaluation of any Products. 
The documents incorporated by reference set out in paragraph 1 (Source document(s)) above will be 
published in electronic form on the website of the Issuer (www.leonteq.com) and on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 48 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Products 
 
47 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PRODUCTS 
The terms and conditions of any particular issuance of Products will be composed of: 
(a) 
General Conditions: the General Conditions as set out in the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled 'General Conditions' below;  
(b) 
Payout Conditions: the economic or 'payout' conditions of the Products as set out in the section 
of this Base Prospectus entitled 'Payout Conditions' below, and which are specified to be 
applicable in the Issue Terms; 
(c) 
Underlying Specific Conditions: in respect of the Underlying(s) which the Products are linked 
to, the terms and conditions relating to such Underlying(s) as set out in the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled 'Underlying Specific Conditions' below, and which are specified to be 
applicable in the Issue Terms; and  
(d) 
Issue Terms: the issue specific details relating to such Products as set forth in a separate Issue 
Terms. 
No. 
General Condition 
Page No. 
1 
Introduction ........................................................................................................  
49 
2 
Form, Title and Transfer ....................................................................................  
50 
3 
Status ..................................................................................................................  
53 
4 
Calculations and Publication ..............................................................................  
54 
5 
Payments and Deliveries ....................................................................................  
55 
6 
Redemption and Settlement ...............................................................................  
57 
7 
FX Disruption Event or a CNY FX Disruption Event .......................................  
59 
8 
Indicative Amounts ............................................................................................  
60 
9 
Effect of Adjustments ........................................................................................  
60 
10 
Events of Default ...............................................................................................  
60 
11 
Agents ................................................................................................................  
62 
12 
Taxation .............................................................................................................  
63 
13 
Prescription ........................................................................................................  
63 
14 
Early Redemption for Unlawfulness or Impracticability ...................................  
64 
15 
Notices ...............................................................................................................  
64 
16 
Substitution ........................................................................................................  
65 
17 
Modifications .....................................................................................................  
65 
18 
Purchases and Cancellations ..............................................................................  
66 
19 
Governing law and jurisdiction ..........................................................................  
66 
20 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 .....................................................  
67 
21 
Severability ........................................................................................................  
67 
22 
Definitions and Interpretation ............................................................................  
67 
 
No. 
Payout Condition 
Page No. 
1 
Yield Enhancement Products .............................................................................  
79 
2 
Twin Win Products ............................................................................................  
114

--- Page 49 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Products 
 
48 
 
3 
Fixed Redemption Products ...............................................................................  
130 
4 
Protection Products ............................................................................................  
134 
5 
Bonus Products ..................................................................................................  
153 
6 
Reverse Convertible Products ............................................................................  
176 
7 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products ................................................................  
183 
8 
Tracker Products ................................................................................................  
203 
9 
Dual Currency Products .....................................................................................  
224 
10 
Discount Products ..............................................................................................  
227 
11 
Leverage Products ..............................................................................................  
229 
12 
Outperformance Products ...................................................................................  
243 
13 
Long/Short Products...........................................................................................  
253 
14 
Dispersion Products ...........................................................................................  
259 
15 
Steepener Products .............................................................................................  
263 
16 
General Definitions ............................................................................................  
268 
 
Underlying Specific Condition 
Page No. 
Share Linked Conditions ..................................................................................................... 
277 
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions ............................................. 
286 
Index Linked Conditions ..................................................................................................... 
295 
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions ............................................................................... 
302 
Commodity Linked Conditions ........................................................................................... 
311 
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions ...................................................................... 
317 
Futures Contract Linked Conditions ................................................................................... 
325 
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions ................................ 
331 
ETF Linked Conditions ....................................................................................................... 
338 
Fund Linked Conditions ...................................................................................................... 
348 
Reference Rate Linked Conditions ...................................................................................... 
355

--- Page 50 ---
General Conditions 
 
49 
 
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
1. 
Introduction 
The following text comprises the general terms and conditions of the Products (the "General 
Conditions") that, together with the applicable Payout Conditions, the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions and subject to election and completion (and, in the case of Exempt Products, if applicable, 
amendment) in the Issue Terms (as defined below) (together, the "Conditions"), shall be applicable to 
each Series. 
The "Issue Terms" mean either (a) where the Products relate to a tranche that are not Exempt Products, 
the issue specific details will be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms") or (b) where the 
Products relate to a tranche of Products that are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required under the EU Prospectus Regulation (or will be of (or in respect of which a separate 
prospectus other than the base prospectus under the Programme will be published under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation)) ("Exempt Products"), the issue specific details will be set out in a pricing 
supplement document (the "Pricing Supplement") which may specify other terms and conditions which 
shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these General Conditions and/or the 
applicable Payout Conditions and/or the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions, replace or modify such 
conditions for the purposes of such Exempt Products, and references to Issue Terms should be construed 
accordingly. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these General Conditions have the meanings given to them 
in the applicable Payout Conditions, the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions or the Issue Terms. 
References in these General Conditions to 'Products' are to the Products of one Series only, not to all 
Products that may be issued pursuant to the European issuance and offering programme established by 
the Issuer (the "Programme"). 
The Products are issued as a Series of notes ("Notes") or certificates ("Certificates") by the Issuer and 
references to 'Products' shall be construed as a reference to each Series accordingly. Certain Products 
which are in the form of Certificates may be entitled "Warrants" pursuant to the Payout Conditions.  
Unless specified otherwise in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of SIX SIS Securities, the Issuer, acting 
through its head office, will act as the paying agent (the "Paying Agent"), subject as provided in General 
Condition 11.1 (Appointment of Agents). 
In respect of TCM Secured Products, the collateral agent (the "Collateral Agent") will be SIX Repo AG 
and the custodian (the "Custodian") shall be SIX SIS AG. 
In respect of Euroclear/Clearstream Securities, the Notes, Warrants and the Certificates are issued 
pursuant to an agency agreement, dated 11 May 2021 (the "Agency Agreement", which expression shall 
include any amendments or supplements thereto or replacements thereof under the Programme from time 
to time) between the Issuer, Citibank Europe plc, as principal programme agent and paying agent in 
respect of the Products (the "Principal Programme Agent" and the "Paying Agent", which expression 
shall include any successor or additional agents appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement) 
and Leonteq Securities AG or such other calculation agent as may be specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as calculation agent (the "Calculation Agent", which expression shall include any successor 
calculation agent appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement). 
Deed of Covenant: The Products other than Swiss Securities, Euroclear Sweden Securities, Monte Titoli 
Registered Instruments and any other Products under the Programme which may be issued without the 
benefit of the Agency Agreement are constituted by and have the benefit of a deed of covenant dated 11 
May 2021 (the "Deed of Covenant", which expression shall include any amendments or supplements 
thereto or replacements thereof under the Programme from time to time) made by the Issuer. 
The Calculation Agent (the "Calculation Agent") in respect of the Products shall be Leonteq Securities 
AG, Europaallee 39, 8004 Zurich, Switzerland, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different Issue Dates. The 
specific terms of each Tranche will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series (save

--- Page 51 ---
General Conditions 
 
50 
 
in respect of specific terms outlined in the Issue Terms, such as the Issue Date, Issue Price, first payment 
of interest, if applicable, and Issue Size of the Tranche) and will be set out in the Issue Terms. 
Unless otherwise expressly indicated, capitalised terms used in these Conditions which are defined in 
General Condition 22 (Definitions and Interpretation) have the meanings given in General Condition 22 
(Definitions and Interpretation). 
2. 
Form, Title and Transfer  
2.1 
Form of Products 
(a) 
Form of SIX SIS Securities  
SIX SIS Securities ("SIX SIS Securities") are Products specified as such in the Issue Terms 
and which are issued in uncertificated form in accordance with article 973c of the Swiss Code 
of Obligations ("CO") or in the form of a permanent global certificate in accordance with article 
973b of the CO.  
The Investors of SIX SIS Securities issued in uncertificated form shall at no time have the right 
to demand the conversion of uncertificated securities into, or the delivery of, a permanent global 
certificate or physical securities. By contrast, the Paying Agent shall have the right to effect the 
conversion of the uncertificated securities into a permanent global certificate in accordance with 
article 973b of the CO or physical securities (Wertpapiere) and vice versa. Neither the Issuer 
nor the Investors of SIX SIS Securities issued in the form of a permanent global certificate shall 
at any time have the right to effect or demand the conversion of the permanent global certificate 
into, or the delivery of, uncertificated securities or physical securities. By contrast, the Paying 
Agent shall have the right to effect the conversion of the permanent global certificate into 
physical securities if it determines this to be necessary or useful. Physical securities may be 
printed in whole but not in part.  
By (i) registering uncertificated securities in the main register (Hauptregister) of SIX SIS Ltd, 
Olten, Switzerland or any other Swiss central depository ("SIS") or by depositing a permanent 
global certificate with SIS and (ii) crediting the respective SIX SIS Securities to a securities 
account (Effektenkonto) of an account holder with SIS, intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) 
("Intermediated Securities") pursuant to the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act 
(Bucheffektengesetz) of 3 October 2008 ("FISA") are created. Intermediated Securities may 
only be transferred by way of crediting the respective SIX SIS Securities to, and debiting the 
respective SIX SIS Securities from, a securities account (Effektenkonto) held with a custodian 
pursuant to the rules of the FISA.  
(b) 
Form of Euroclear/Clearstream Securities 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities ("Euroclear/Clearstream Securities") are Products specified 
as such in the Issue Terms and will be issued in bearer form. Euroclear/Clearstream Securities 
will initially be issued in global form (the "Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities"), and 
may 
only 
be 
exchanged 
for 
securities 
in 
definitive 
form 
(the 
"Definitive 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities") upon an Exchange Event occurring, and in each case in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Global Euroclear/Clearstream Security. For the 
avoidance of doubt, no Investor will be entitled to request its Euroclear/Clearstream Securities 
to be exchanged for securities in definitive form for any reason other than on the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event. 
In the event that the applicable Issue Terms specify Monte Titoli as the Relevant Clearing 
System, the Products are issued in bearer dematerialized book-entry form and no physical 
document of title will be issued to represent the Product, such as definitive securities.  
The Global Euroclear/Clearstream Security may be delivered on or prior to the original issue 
date of the Series or Tranche to a Common Depositary for the Relevant Clearing System. The 
Relevant Clearing System will then credit each subscriber with an aggregate nominal amount 
or aggregate number, as applicable, of the Global Euroclear/Clearstream Security equal to the 
nominal amount or number thereof for which it has subscribed and paid.

--- Page 52 ---
General Conditions 
 
51 
 
Upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event on or after its Exchange Date each Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream Security will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, free of charge, 
for Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities. 
An exchange of Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities for Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream 
Securities shall only be made upon receipt by the Issuer of a certificate or certificates of non-
U.S. beneficial ownership. 
On or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Euroclear/Clearstream Security 
may surrender it or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the 
order of the Paying Agent and in exchange the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an 
equal aggregate nominal amount or aggregate number, as applicable, of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities. 
(c) 
Form of Euroclear Sweden Securities  
Euroclear Sweden Securities ("Euroclear Sweden Securities") are Products specified as such 
in the Issue Terms and will be issued in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry 
form in accordance with the SCSDFIA Act and Regulation (EU) 909/2014. Euroclear Sweden 
Securities of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Euroclear Sweden 
Securities of another Specified Denomination. 
The Euroclear Sweden Securities shall be regarded as Registered Securities for the purposes of 
these General Conditions save to the extent these General Conditions are inconsistent with the 
Relevant Rules. No physical notes or certificates will be issued in respect of the Euroclear 
Sweden Securities and the provisions in these General Conditions relating to presentation, 
surrendering or replacement of such physical notes or certificates shall not apply to the 
Euroclear Sweden Securities. 
Euroclear Sweden Securities shall be in the form of Notes only. 
2.2 
Denomination and Number 
(a) 
Notes 
The Issue Terms in respect of Products that are Notes will specify the Specified Denomination 
in which such Products are issued, the Issue Size, the Issue Price, the Settlement Currency and 
the Calculation Amount.  
(b) 
Certificates 
The Issue Terms in respect of Products that are Certificates will specify either the Settlement 
Currency of such Products, the Issue Price per Product, the Calculation Amount and either (a) 
the number of Products being issued (in which case the Certificates are "Unit Certificates") or 
(b) the Notional Amount per Product and the Issue Size (in which case the Certificates are 
"Notional Certificates"). All Certificates of a Series shall have the same Calculation Amount. 
2.3 
Title 
(a) 
Title to SIX SIS Securities 
In respect of SIX SIS Securities which constitute Intermediated Securities, the holder and legal 
owner of such SIX SIS Securities will be the person holding them in a securities account in their 
own name and for their own account with their depositary (Verwahrungsstelle) in accordance 
with the terms of the FISA (and, in respect of SIX SIS Securities, the expression "Investor" as 
used herein shall be construed accordingly). The records of such depositary determine the 
number of SIX SIS Securities held by such Investor and the FISA grants each Investor the right 
to ask the depositary for information about Intermediated Securities that are credited to their 
account.  
In respect of SIX SIS Securities which are issued in the form of uncertificated securities, but do 
not constitute Intermediated Securities, the first holder and legal owner of such SIX SIS

--- Page 53 ---
General Conditions 
 
52 
 
Securities will be the person registered as holder in the register of uncertificated securities and 
"Investor" shall be construed accordingly. In respect of SIX SIS Securities in the form of 
uncertificated securities converted to certificated securities by the Issuer issuing physical 
securities which are not Intermediated Securities, the holder and legal owner of such SIX SIS 
Securities will be the person(s) holding the physical securities (and the expression "Investor" 
as used herein shall be construed accordingly). 
In respect of SIX SIS Securities which are issued in the form of a permanent global certificate, 
but do not constitute Intermediated Securities, each Investor shall have a proportionate co-
ownership interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in the permanent global certificate to the extent of such 
Investor's claim against the Issuer, provided that for so long as the permanent global certificate 
remains deposited with SIS the co-ownership interest shall be suspended and the respective SIX 
SIS Securities may solely be transferred and otherwise disposed of in accordance with the 
provisions of the FISA. 
(b) 
Title to Euroclear/Clearstream Securities  
Title to Euroclear/Clearstream Securities passes by delivery. 
The Issuer and the Paying Agent shall (except as otherwise required by law or ordered by a 
court of competent jurisdiction) deem and treat the Investor (as defined below) of any 
Euroclear/Clearstream Security as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not such 
Product is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest in it, any 
writing on it (or on the Global Euroclear/Clearstream Security representing it) or its theft or 
loss) and no person shall be liable for so treating the Investor. 
In respect of Euroclear/Clearstream Securities, "Investor" means the bearer of any 
Euroclear/Clearstream Security, except that, in respect of any Global Euroclear/Clearstream 
Securities, the person appearing as the accountholder for the Relevant Clearing System (the 
"Accountholder") shall be treated as the Investor for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment or delivery of any amount due under the Products (for which purpose the Common 
Depositary shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agent as the relevant Investor). 
(c) 
Title to Euroclear Sweden Securities 
The Relevant Clearing System in respect of Euroclear Sweden Securities shall be Euroclear 
Sweden, and the person for the time being shown in the Euroclear Sweden Register shall be 
treated for all purposes by the Issuer, the Paying Agent(s), Euroclear Sweden and all other 
persons dealing with such person as the holder thereof (and, in respect of Euroclear Sweden 
Securities, the expression "Investor" as used herein shall be construed accordingly) and as the 
person entitled to exercise the rights represented thereby notwithstanding any notice to the 
contrary. 
Title to the Euroclear Sweden Securities shall pass by registration in the register (the "Euroclear 
Sweden Register") maintained by Euroclear Sweden on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with 
the Relevant Rules. The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from Euroclear Sweden 
in accordance with the Relevant Rules, and the Investors of Euroclear Sweden Securities accept 
and consent to the Issuer being entitled to obtain from Euroclear Sweden, extracts from the 
book-entry registers of Euroclear Sweden relating to the Euroclear Sweden Securities. Except 
as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Euroclear Sweden 
Investor of any Products shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an 
interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating the Investor. 
One or more Euroclear Sweden Securities may be transferred in accordance with the Relevant 
Rules. In the case of an exercise of option resulting in Euroclear Sweden Securities of the same 
holding having different terms, separate notes registered with the Euroclear Sweden Register 
shall be issued in respect of those Euroclear Sweden Securities of that holding having the same 
terms. Such Euroclear Sweden Securities shall only be issued against surrender of the existing 
Euroclear Sweden Securities in accordance with the Relevant Rules. Each new Product to be 
issued pursuant to the above, shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt

--- Page 54 ---
General Conditions 
 
53 
 
of the request and the surrender of the Euroclear Sweden Securities for exchange. Delivery of 
the new Euroclear Sweden Securities shall be made to the same Euroclear Sweden account on 
which the original Euroclear Sweden Securities were registered. In this General Condition 2.3, 
"business day" means a Clearing System Business Day in respect of Euroclear Sweden.  
Exchange and transfer of Euroclear Sweden Securities on registration, transfer, partial 
redemption or exercise of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or the relevant Paying Agent, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that 
may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the relevant Paying Agent 
may require). No Investor may require the transfer of a Euroclear Sweden Security to be 
registered during any closed period pursuant to the then applicable Relevant Rules. 
Exchange and transfer of Euroclear Sweden Securities on partial redemption shall be processed 
in Euroclear Sweden's clearing system, so that the aggregate nominal amount is reduced by the 
Partial Redemption Amount(s).  
(d) 
Title to Products in respect of which the Relevant Clearing system is Monte Titoli 
In the event that the applicable Issue Terms specify Monte Titoli as the Relevant Clearing 
System, the Products may be held only through an authorised intermediary entitled to hold 
securities deposit accounts with the Monte Titoli on behalf of their customers. 
2.4 
Transfers 
(a) 
Transfers of Cleared Products  
(i) 
Cleared Products (other than SIX SIS Securities) 
Subject to General Condition 2.4(c) (Minimum Tradable Lot) below, transfers of 
Products which are held in a Relevant Clearing System may be effected only through the 
Relevant Clearing System in which the Products to be transferred are held and only in 
accordance with the Relevant Rules.  
Title will pass upon registration of the transfer in the books of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Euroclear Sweden or Registeror Monte Titoli, as applicable. 
(ii) 
Transfers of SIX SIS Securities  
SIX SIS Securities constituting Intermediated Securities may solely be transferred and 
otherwise disposed of in accordance with the provisions of the FISA, being transferred 
and disposed of by instruction of the Investor to their depositary to transfer the 
Intermediated Securities, as the case may be, and crediting the Intermediated Securities, 
as the case may be, to the account of the transferee's depositary. 
(b) 
Transfers of non-Cleared Products 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities which are not Cleared Products will be transferred by delivery. 
(c) 
Minimum Tradable Lot 
Transactions in the Products may, if specified in the Issue Terms, be subject to a Minimum 
Tradable Lot, in which case such Products will be transferable only in a nominal amount, in the 
case of Notes and Notional Certificates, or in a number, in the case of Unit Certificates, of not 
less than such Minimum Tradable Lot and, in the case of Cleared Products, in accordance with 
the Relevant Rules. 
3. 
Status 
3.1 
Status of the Products 
The Products (other than the TCM Secured Products) constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank equally among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under 
the Products will rank equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations

--- Page 55 ---
General Conditions 
 
54 
 
of the Issuer (except for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both 
mandatory and of general application and except for TCM Secured, which constitute secured 
obligations). The TCM Secured Products shall rank equally among themselves and, save for such 
exceptions as may be provided by applicable law, shall rank pari passu with all other collateralized and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. The Products do not evidence deposits of the Issuer. The 
Products are not insured or guaranteed by any government or government agency. 
4. 
Calculations and Publication 
4.1 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to the Conditions, unless otherwise specified in 
the Issue Terms, (a) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest Sub-
Unit of such currency (with half a Sub-Unit being rounded up), save in the case of Japanese yen, which 
shall be rounded to the nearest Japanese yen (with half a Unit being rounded up); (b) all values resulting 
from such calculations shall be rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded 
up to 0.0001); (c) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. For these purposes, "Sub-Unit" means a fraction of the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. "Unit" means the lowest amount 
of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Other Rounding Convention" is 
applicable to any relevant amount, percentage or value as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, such 
amount, percentage or value shall be rounded to the nearest such Specified Sub-Unit of currency (with 
halves being rounded up or down) or Decimal Place, as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
4.2 
Determination and publication of interest rates, Interest Amounts and amounts in respect 
of settlement 
As soon as practicable on such date as the Paying Agent or, as applicable, the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation 
in respect of or in connection with any Product, such Agent shall determine such rate, obtain any required 
quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the relevant payment 
amount to be notified to the Issuer, each of the Agents, any other agent in respect of the Products that is 
to make a payment, delivery or further calculation or determination upon receipt of such information 
and, if the Products are listed and the rules of the Relevant Stock Exchange or other relevant authority 
and the rules thereof so require, to such exchange or relevant authority, as soon as possible after their 
determination.  
4.3 
Calculation Amount 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions: 
(a) 
in respect of a Product for which a Specified Denomination or a Calculation Amount is stated, 
each calculation of an Entitlement deliverable and residual cash amount in respect of such 
Product hereunder shall be made on the basis of the relevant Calculation Amount; and  
(b) 
each calculation of an amount payable in cash in respect of each Product (other than Definitive 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities) shall be based on the aggregate nominal amount or number 
of all such Products outstanding on such date (or the relevant affected portion thereof), rounded 
in accordance with the method provided in General Condition 4.1 (Rounding) above and 
distributed in accordance with the Relevant Rules. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in relation to any amount payable or Entitlement deliverable under the 
Conditions in respect of a Product and which is calculated by reference to a Calculation Amount, 
references to (A) 'Product', in the case of Products that are Notes or Notional Certificates, shall mean a 
Product having a nominal amount (or face value) equal to the Calculation Amount and (B) an amount 
'per Calculation Amount', in the case of Unit Certificates, shall mean per Product.

--- Page 56 ---
General Conditions 
 
55 
 
4.4 
Business Day Convention 
If any date specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention, the 
convention for adjusting such date if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day and 
where in each case the Issue Terms specifies Business Day Convention as: 
(a) 
'Following', such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
'Modified Following', such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless 
it would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; 
(c) 
'Nearest', such date shall be brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day if 
the Relevant Date otherwise falls on a day other than a Sunday or a Monday and shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day if the Relevant Date otherwise falls 
on a Sunday or a Monday;  
(d) 
'Preceding', such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day;  
(e) 
'Modified Preceding', such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day unless it would fall in the previous calendar month, in which case such date shall be 
postponed to the immediately following Business Day; or 
(f) 
'No Adjustment' such date shall not be adjusted. 
5. 
Payments and Deliveries 
5.1 
Payments and Deliveries in respect of SIX SIS Securities  
Payments of principal, interest as well as deliveries in respect of SIX SIS Securities held through SIS 
shall be made, subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations of the Relevant Clearing 
System(s), to the Relevant Clearing System(s) or to its/their order for credit to the account(s) of the 
relevant Accountholder(s) in accordance with the Relevant Rules. The Issuer and the Paying Agent shall 
be discharged by payment or delivery to, or to the order of, such Accountholders. 
5.2 
Payments and Deliveries in respect of Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities 
(a) 
Payments and Deliveries 
No payment or delivery falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream 
Securities 
unless 
exchange 
for 
an 
interest 
in 
a 
Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream Security or for Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities is improperly 
withheld or refused.  
All payments and deliveries in respect of Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities will be made 
against and subject to presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment or delivery falls 
to be made in respect of the Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities, surrender of that Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream Security to or to the order of the Paying Agent outside the United States.  
Payments of interest shall only be made upon receipt by the Issuer of a certificate or certificates 
of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
(b) 
Relationship of Accountholders and Relevant Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as the Investor must 
look solely to the Relevant Clearing System for their share of each payment or delivery made 
by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Euroclear/Clearstream Security. The obligations of 
the Issuer will be discharged by payment or delivery to the bearer of such Global 
Euroclear/Clearstream Security in respect of each amount so paid or delivered.

--- Page 57 ---
General Conditions 
 
56 
 
5.3 
Payments and deliveries in respect of Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities 
In respect of any Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Security, payments of principal will be made against 
and subject to the presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment, endorsement) of the relevant 
Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Security at the specified office of the Paying Agent outside the United 
States, by a cheque drawn in the currency in which payment is due, or by transfer to an account with a 
Custody Bank denominated in such currency, as applicable. Payments of interest will be made as set out 
above but against and subject to the presentation and surrender of the relevant interest coupon (the 
"Coupon"). Deliveries of any Entitlement shall be made in the manner notified to Investors. Payments 
of interest shall only be made upon receipt by the Issuer of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Security, unmatured Coupons 
relating to such Product (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect of them. Where any Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Security is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of 
such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
5.4 
Payments and Deliveries in respect of Euroclear Sweden Securities 
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the Euroclear Sweden Securities shall be made to the 
Investors registered as holder thereof on the fifth business day (as defined by the Relevant Rules) before 
the due date for such payment, or such other business day falling closer to the due date as may be 
stipulated in the Relevant Rules and will be made in accordance with the Relevant Rules and such day 
shall be the "Record Date" in respect of the Euroclear Sweden Securities in accordance with the Relevant 
Rules. 
5.5 
Record Date for Payments of interest 
Payments of interest in respect of Products shall be made to the Investors who are deemed to be the 
holders thereof on the Interest Record Date in respect of such payment of interest, PROVIDED THAT 
(a) such payment shall at all times be made in accordance with the Relevant Rules (and if there is any 
difference between this General Condition 5.5 and the application of the Relevant Rules, the Relevant 
Rules shall apply) and (b) this General Condition 5.5 shall not apply to any payment of interest if the 
Products are due to be redeemed on or around the scheduled payment date for such interest. For the 
purposes of this General Condition 5.5, "Interest Record Date" in respect of any payment of interest 
shall be either (as specified in the Issue Terms) (a) the number of Business Days specified in the Issue 
Terms prior to the scheduled payment date corresponding to the relevant interest amount or (b) the date 
as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
5.6 
Taxes, Settlement Expenses and conditions to settlement 
Payment of principal and/or interest and delivery of any Entitlement shall be subject to deduction, or 
conditional upon payment by the relevant Investor(s), of any applicable Taxes and (unless 'Settlement 
Expenses' is specified as 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms) Settlement Expenses and any other amounts 
payable as specified in the Conditions. The Issuer shall notify the Investor(s) of (a) such applicable Taxes, 
Settlement Expenses and other amounts payable and (b) the manner in which such amounts shall be paid 
by the Investor(s). 
5.7 
Payments on Business Days  
If the date on which any amount is payable is not (i) a Business Day and (ii) in the case of Definitive 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities only, a day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant place of presentation, then payment 
will not be made until the next succeeding day which is (A) a Business Day and (B) in the case of 
Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities only, also a day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant place of 
presentation, and the Investor thereof shall not be entitled to any further payment in respect of such delay.

--- Page 58 ---
General Conditions 
 
57 
 
6. 
Redemption and Settlement 
6.1 
Redemption 
(a) 
Partial Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and/or cancelled, each Product in respect of which 
'Partial Redemption' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms (each such Product, a 
"Partial Redemption Product") shall be partially redeemed on each Partial Redemption Date 
upon payment by or on behalf of the Issuer of an amount equal to the Partial Redemption 
Amount corresponding to such Partial Redemption Date. The Calculation Amount of each such 
Product shall be reduced by the Partial Redemption Amount(s) for all purposes with effect from 
the relevant Partial Redemption Date, unless payment of the relevant Partial Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding 
until the date determined in accordance with General Condition 13 (Prescription). In the case 
of Notes, the Issue Size of the relevant Series shall reduce accordingly and in the case of 
Certificates (if applicable) the Notional Amount per Product shall reduce accordingly. 
(b) 
Redemption on the Redemption Date 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and/or cancelled, each Product shall be redeemed in full 
by the Issuer on the Redemption Date at its Redemption Amount, or, if applicable, by delivery 
of the Entitlement on the Delivery Date (in accordance with General Condition 6.2) and the 
payment of any Residual Cash Amount. 
Each Unit Certificate shall be automatically exercised on the day prior to final redemption on 
the Redemption Date. 
6.2 
Settlement by Delivery of the Entitlement 
(a) 
Delivery of Entitlement 
The following provisions apply to the delivery of all Entitlements in respect of Products: 
(i) 
The Issuer shall, subject to this General Condition 6 (Redemption and Settlement), 
General Condition 4 (Calculations and Publication) and General Condition 5 (Payments 
and Deliveries), on any relevant Delivery Date, deliver (or procure delivery on its behalf) 
the relevant Entitlement in respect of each Product to such account in respect of Cleared 
Products in the Relevant Clearing System in accordance with the Relevant Rules and, in 
respect of all other Products, such account as may be notified by the relevant Investor to 
the Issuer in the relevant Delivery Entitlement Instruction at the risk and expense of the 
relevant Investor. If an Investor does not provide the Issuer with sufficient instructions 
in a timely manner to enable the Issuer (directly or acting through such person (including 
any of its Affiliates or the Paying Agent) as it may procure) and/or the Relevant Clearing 
System, if applicable, to effect any required delivery of the Entitlement, the due date for 
such delivery shall be postponed accordingly. The Issuer and the Relevant Clearing 
System, if applicable, shall determine whether any instructions received by it are 
sufficient and whether they have been received in time to enable delivery on any given 
date. As used in this General Condition 6.2, "delivery" means, in relation to any 
Entitlement, the carrying out of the steps required of the Issuer (or such person (including 
any of its Affiliates or the Paying Agent) as it may procure to make the relevant delivery 
on its behalf) in order to effect the transfer of the relevant Entitlement and "deliver", 
"delivered" and "deliverable" shall be construed accordingly. The Issuer (or such person 
(including any of its Affiliates or the Paying Agent) as it may procure to make the 
relevant delivery on its behalf) shall not be responsible for any delay or failure in the 
delivery of any Entitlement once such steps have been carried out, whether resulting 
from settlement periods of clearing systems, acts or omissions of registrars or otherwise 
and neither the Issuer (or such person (including any of its Affiliates or the Paying Agent) 
as it may procure to make the relevant delivery on its behalf). 
(ii) 
No Investor will be entitled to receive dividends declared or paid in respect of any 
Underlying or to any other rights relating to or arising out of any such component of the

--- Page 59 ---
General Conditions 
 
58 
 
Entitlement if the record date for the relevant dividend or relevant right in respect of such 
components and Entitlement falls before the relevant Delivery Date. 
(iii) 
Delivery of any Entitlement shall be subject to the condition to settlement in General 
Condition 5.6 (Taxes, Settlement Expenses and conditions to settlement). 
(iv) 
The Issuer will endeavour to deliver (or procure delivery on its behalf) the relevant 
Entitlement to the Investor on the relevant Delivery Date. In the event that an Investor 
requests that delivery of the Entitlement be made at a location or in a method that is 
different from that specified in the Conditions, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) seek 
to deliver the Entitlement to such location and/or by such method, provided that no 
additional unreimbursed costs are incurred. The Issuer shall, subject as provided below, 
on the relevant Delivery Date, deliver (or procure delivery on its behalf) the Transfer 
Documentation relating to the Entitlement (or, in the case of an Underlying that is an 
equity unit, the Transfer Documentation in respect of such equity unit) to or to the order 
of the Investor or to such bank or broker as the Investor has specified in the relevant 
Delivery Entitlement Instruction. 
(v) 
All Entitlements will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Investor. 
(b) 
Settlement Disruption Event 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of an Entitlement or any portion thereof is 
(or is likely to become) impossible or impracticable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event 
having occurred and continuing on the relevant Delivery Date (the assets constituting such 
Entitlement or portions thereof (the "Affected Assets")), then such Delivery Date shall be 
postponed to the first following Relevant Settlement Day in respect of which there is no such 
Settlement Disruption Event, provided that: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall attempt to deliver (or procure delivery on its behalf) any portion of the 
Entitlement which does not comprise Affected Assets on the originally designated 
Delivery Date; 
(ii) 
the Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Product by 
delivering (or procuring delivery on its behalf) some or all of the Affected Assets in such 
manner as it may determine and in such event the relevant Delivery Date shall be such 
day as the Issuer deems appropriate in connection with delivery of the Entitlement in 
such other commercially reasonable manner; and 
(iii) 
in respect of any Affected Assets, in lieu of settlement by delivery of the Entitlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligations 
in respect of the relevant Product by payment by the Issuer (or any person (including any 
of its Affiliates or the Paying Agent) as it may procure to make the relevant payment on 
its behalf) to the relevant Investor of the Settlement Disruption Amount on the Settlement 
Disruption Date. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Investors that a Settlement 
Disruption Event has occurred and payment of the Settlement Disruption Amount will be made, 
subject to this General Condition 6 (Redemption and Settlement), General Condition 4 
(Calculations and Publication) and General Condition 5 (Payments and Deliveries), in such 
manner as shall be notified. No Investor shall be entitled to any additional amount in the event 
of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement or payment of the Settlement Disruption Amount 
due to the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event. No liability in respect thereof shall 
attach to the Issuer, any person (including any of its Affiliates or the Paying Agent) as it may 
procure to make the relevant delivery on its behalf, and/or the Calculation Agent. 
(c) 
Liability 
Redemption of the Products, payments by the Issuer (or such person (including any of its 
Affiliates) as it may procure to make the relevant payments on its behalf) and the Paying Agent 
and any delivery of an Entitlement, in whole or in part, by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or the 
Paying Agent will be subject in all cases to all applicable fiscal and other laws, regulations and

--- Page 60 ---
General Conditions 
 
59 
 
practices in force at such time (including, without limitation, any relevant exchange control laws 
or regulations and the Relevant Rules) and none of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates, the Relevant 
Clearing System or the Paying Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect 
any payments or deliveries contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any 
such laws, regulations and practices. None of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates or the Paying Agent 
shall under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of the Relevant Clearing System 
in the performance of their respective duties in relation to the Products or, in relation to the 
delivery of the Entitlement, the acts or defaults of any relevant Exchange (as defined in the 
relevant Underlying Specific Conditions). 
6.3 
Postponement of payments and settlement  
If the determination of a price or level used to calculate any amount payable or Entitlement deliverable 
on any Payment Date or Delivery Date is delayed or postponed pursuant to the Conditions, payment or 
settlement will occur on the later of (a) the scheduled Payment Date or Delivery Date as applicable, or 
(b) the Specified Number of Business Days following the latest Underlying Valuation Date (or such other 
date on which the determination of a price or level used to calculate the amount payable or Entitlement 
deliverable on the relevant Payment Date or Delivery Date is required) to occur, as the case may be. No 
additional amounts shall be payable or Entitlement deliverable by the Issuer because of such 
postponement. 
7. 
FX Disruption Event or a CNY FX Disruption Event 
7.1 
FX Disruption Event 
If the Issue Terms specifies 'FX Disruption Event' to be 'Applicable', upon the occurrence of an FX 
Disruption Event, the Issuer may take any one or more of the following actions: 
(a) 
deduct from any payments to be made in respect of the Products an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as representing a cost, expense, charge and/or deduction arising in connection 
with such FX Disruption Event or under any other adjustment with respect thereto; and/or 
(b) 
make payment of any amount payable by the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions in the Specified 
Currency instead of the Settlement Currency, the amount payable in the Specified Currency 
being determined by the Calculation Agent; and/or 
(c) 
postpone or adjust any Underlying Valuation Date or the relevant Payment Date for any amount 
payable by the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions until, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, an FX Disruption Event is no longer subsisting; and/or 
(d) 
(in the case of a Price Source Disruption) specify and adopt: 
(i) 
an appropriate alternative fallback or alternative price or rate source or method of 
determination selected by the Calculation Agent (which may (or may not) be by reference 
to a Dealer Poll or such other publication page or service as may replace the relevant 
page or service for the purpose of displaying a foreign exchange rate comparable or 
equivalent); or 
(ii) 
a replacement of any one or more relevant currencies, as the case may be; and/or 
(e) 
determine whether any other appropriate adjustment can be made to the Conditions and/or any 
other provisions relating to the Products to account for the economic effect of such FX 
Disruption Event on the Products which would produce a commercially reasonable result and 
preserve substantially the economic effect to the Investors of a holding of the relevant Product. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an appropriate adjustment or adjustments can be made, 
the Issuer shall determine the effective date of such adjustment(s), notify the Investors of such 
adjustment(s) and take the necessary steps to effect such adjustment(s). An Investor will not be 
charged any costs by or on behalf of the Issuer to make such adjustment(s), 
PROVIDED THAT if the Calculation Agent determines that no action that could be made pursuant to 
paragraphs (a) to (e) above would produce a commercially reasonable result and preserve substantially 
the economic effect to the Investors of a holding of the relevant Product, the Calculation Agent will

--- Page 61 ---
General Conditions 
 
60 
 
notify the Issuer of such determination. In such event, the Issuer may, on giving irrevocable notice to the 
Investors in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), redeem all of the Products of the relevant 
Series on the Unscheduled Early Redemption Date and pay to each Investor, in respect of each Product 
held by it, an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount on such date (provided that 
the Issuer may also, prior to such redemption of the Products, make any adjustment(s) to the Conditions 
or any other provisions relating to the Products as appropriate in order to (when considered together with 
the redemption of the Products) account for the effect of such FX Disruption Event on the Products). 
Upon the occurrence of an FX Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Investors, stating the occurrence of the FX Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
7.2 
CNY FX Disruption Event 
If the relevant Issue Terms specifies that 'CNY FX Disruption Event' to be 'Applicable', then the Issuer 
may, on giving not less than five days' and not more than 30 days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices) to Investors prior to the relevant affected Payment Date, make payment 
of any amount payable by the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions in the Specified Currency instead of the 
Settlement Currency, the amount payable in the Specified Currency being determined by the Calculation 
Agent, on the relevant affected Payment Date in full and final settlement of its obligations to pay such 
amounts. 
8. 
Indicative Amounts 
If the Final Terms provides that the Products are being offered by way of a Public Offer, the Final Terms 
may specify an indicative amount, subject to a minimum amount and/or a maximum amount, or any 
combination of the foregoing, as applicable, in relation to any Specified Product Value which is not fixed 
or determined at the commencement of the Offer Period. If so specified in the Final Terms, references in 
these Conditions to such Specified Product Value shall be construed as the amount, level, percentage, 
price, rate or value (as applicable) determined based on market conditions by the Issuer on or around the 
end of the Offer Period, and is expected to be the indicative amount specified in the Final Terms (if so 
specified) but may be different from such indicative amount, and:  
(a) 
if a minimum amount is provided in the Final Terms, the Specified Product Value will not be 
less than such minimum amount (but may be equal to such minimum amount); or 
(b) 
if a maximum amount is provided in the Final Terms, the Specified Product Value will not be 
more than such maximum amount (but may be equal to such maximum amount); or 
(c) 
if both a minimum amount and a maximum amount is provided in the Final Terms, the Specified 
Product Value will not be less than such minimum amount and will not be more than such 
maximum amount (but may be equal to either such minimum amount or such maximum 
amount). 
Notice of the relevant Specified Product Value will be published prior to the Issue Date when such 
Specified Product Value is fixed or determined by the Issuer on or around the end of the Offer Period 
and the relevant amount, level, percentage, price, rate or value specified in such notice will be deemed 
to be the Specified Product Value. 
For these purposes, "Specified Product Value" means any amount, level, percentage, price, rate or value 
which is specified in the Conditions as the amount, level, percentage, price, rate or value (as applicable) 
to be provided in the Final Terms (or phrases of similar import). 
9. 
Effect of Adjustments 
All determinations made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Conditions shall be conclusive and 
binding on the Investors, the Paying Agent and the Issuer, except in the case of manifest error. 
10. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Events of Default: Events of Default means any of the following (each, an "Event of Default"):

--- Page 62 ---
General Conditions 
 
61 
 
(i) 
the Issuer does not pay any material amount in respect of the Products when such amount 
is due and payable and such failure continues for 30 calendar days; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to deliver any Entitlement on the due date for delivery and such failure to 
deliver has not been remedied within 30 calendar days of notice of such failure having 
been given to the Issuer by any Investor, provided that an Event of Default shall not 
occur under this General Condition 10 if (i) any of the conditions to settlement to be 
satisfied by the Investor have not been so satisfied as at the due date for delivery or (ii) 
the Issuer has elected to pay the Settlement Disruption Amount; or 
(iii) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up of the Issuer 
(other than in connection with a merger or an amalgamation) or the Swiss Financial 
Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) (i) initiates bankruptcy proceedings with 
respect to the Issuer, (ii) initiates re-organisation measures affecting rights of creditors 
generally with respect to the Issuer or (iii) takes protective measures with respect to the 
Issuer to the effect of prohibiting it to make or receive payments or settle securities 
transactions, terminating its business operations or granting a payment moratorium. 
(b) 
Consequences of Event of Default: If an Event of Default with respect to any Product of a Series 
at the time outstanding occurs and is continuing, then in every such case, unless the principal of 
all of the Products of such Series shall have already become due and payable, the Investors of 
at least 25 per cent. in principal amount of the outstanding Products of that Series may declare 
the principal amount of all of Products of that Series to be due and payable immediately, by a 
notice in writing to the Issuer, and upon any such declaration, the Unscheduled Early Repayment 
Amount, together with the premium, if any, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, and any 
additional amount in respect of principal which may be payable under General Condition 5 
(Payments and Deliveries), shall become immediately due and payable. For the purposes of 
calculating any Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount at any time following an Event of 
Default, the Calculation Agent will ignore the effect of such Event of Default upon the market 
value of the Products. 
At any time after such a declaration of acceleration with respect to Products of any Series has 
been made and before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained, 
Investors of at least a majority in principal amount of outstanding securities of that Series, by 
written notice to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent, may rescind and annul such 
declaration and its consequences if the Issuer, has paid or deposited with the relevant Paying 
Agent, a sum sufficient to pay in the Specified Currency in which the Products of such Series 
are payable: 
(i) 
all overdue interest, if any, on all Products of that Series;  
(ii) 
the principal of Products of that Series which have become due otherwise than by such 
declaration of acceleration and interest thereon at the Rate of Interest, as the case may 
be, applicable to that Series; and  
(iii) 
all Events of Default with respect to Products of that Series, other than the non-payment 
of the principal of Products of that Series, which have become due solely by such 
declaration of acceleration, have been cured or waived as provided below. No such 
rescission shall affect any subsequent default or impair any right consequent thereon. 
The Investors of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding securities of any 
Series of Euroclear Sweden Securities may on behalf of the Investors of all the Euroclear 
Sweden Securities of such Series waive any past default hereunder with respect to such Series 
and its consequences, except a default in the payment of the principal of or interest, if any, on 
any Products of such Series, or in the payment of any sinking fund instalment or analogous 
obligation with respect to the Products of such Series. Upon any such waiver, such default shall 
cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured, 
for every purpose of the Products of such Series, but no such waiver shall extend to any 
subsequent or other default or impair any right consequent thereon.

--- Page 63 ---
General Conditions 
 
62 
 
11. 
Agents 
11.1 
Appointment of Agents 
Pursuant to the terms of the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer. The Agents 
do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Investor. The Issuer 
reserves the right to vary or terminate the appointment of the Agents and to appoint additional or other 
Agents, provided that (subject to the final paragraph of this General Condition 11.1 (Appointment of 
Agents)) the Issuer shall at all times maintain:  
(a) 
a Paying Agent;  
(b) 
one or more Calculation Agent(s) where these General Conditions so require; and 
(c) 
such other agents as may be required by any stock exchange on which the Products may be 
listed. 
Notice of any termination or appointment and of any changes to the specified office of any Agent will 
be given to Investors. 
The Issuer shall not issue any Euroclear Sweden Securities until such time as it has duly appointed all 
applicable Agents.  
11.2 
Determinations by the Calculation Agent 
Unless otherwise specified, all determinations, considerations, decisions, elections and calculations in 
the Conditions shall be made by the Calculation Agent. In respect of each such determination, 
consideration, decision, election and calculation, this General Condition 11.2 shall apply. 
In making such determinations, considerations, decisions, elections and calculations, the Calculation 
Agent may take into account the impact on the Issuer or Calculation Agent's hedging arrangements. In 
respect of all Products other than SIX SIS Securities, in all circumstances the Calculation Agent shall 
make such determinations and calculations in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and 
(save in the case of manifest or proven error) such determinations and calculations shall be final and 
binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agent and the Investors. In respect of all SIX SIS Securities, in all 
circumstances the Calculation Agent shall make such determinations and calculations in accordance with 
the standard of duly exercised discretion, and (save in the case of manifest or proven error) such 
determinations and calculations shall be final and binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agent and the 
Investors. 
11.3 
Calculations and determinations are all binding 
All calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Products shall be 
final and binding on the Issuer and Investors in the absence of manifest error. 
11.4 
Disclaimer of liability 
No liability shall attach to the Calculation Agent for errors or omissions in respect of any calculation, 
determination or other exercise of discretion under the Conditions provided that, it has acted in 
accordance with General Condition 11.2 (Determinations by the Calculation Agent).  
11.5 
Delegation 
The calculation functions and other discretionary actions (including, but not limited to duties to make 
determinations) required of the Calculation Agent may be delegated to any such person as the Calculation 
Agent, in its reasonable discretion, may decide. 
11.6 
Disclaimer of responsibility of Issuer, Lead Manager, Agents and respective affiliates upon 
force majeure event 
None of the Issuer, the Lead Manager, any Agent or any of their respective affiliates shall be held 
responsible for any loss or damage resulting from any legal enactment (domestic or foreign), the 
intervention of a public authority (domestic or foreign), an act of war, strike, blockade, boycott or

--- Page 64 ---
General Conditions 
 
63 
 
lockout, or if the performance of any obligations under the terms of the Products have become unlawful 
in whole or in part under any applicable law or any other similar event or circumstance. The reservation 
in respect of strikes, blockades, boycotts and lockouts shall also apply if any of such parties itself takes 
such measures or becomes the subject of such measures. Where the Issuer or the Paying Agent is 
prevented from effecting payment or delivery due to such event, payment or delivery may be postponed 
until the time the event or circumstance impeding payment has ceased, and shall have no obligation to 
pay or deliver any additional amounts in respect of such postponement.  
12. 
Taxation 
The Issuer is not liable for, or otherwise obliged to pay amounts in respect of, any Taxes borne by an 
Investor. An Investor must pay all Taxes arising from or payable in connection with all payments relating 
to the Products and all payments in respect of the Products shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any present or future Taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within the Issuer Jurisdiction (or any authority or political subdivision thereof 
or therein having power to tax) unless such withholding or deduction is required by law or in connection 
with FATCA.  
In that event, the appropriate withholding or deduction shall be made and the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts receivable by the relevant Investor 
shall equal the respective amounts that would have been receivable by such Investor in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction. Notwithstanding the above, no additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Product: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, an Investor who is liable for such Taxes in respect of such 
Products by reason of them having a connection with the Issuer Jurisdiction other than the mere 
holding of the relevant Product or Coupon; 
(b) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, an Investor who could lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) 
such deduction or withholding by complying or procuring that any third party complies with 
any statutory requirements or by making or procuring that any third party makes a declaration 
of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to any tax authority in the place where 
the relevant Product or Coupon is presented for payment; 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 calendar days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent 
that the Investor would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting such Product 
for such payment on the last day of such 30-day period; 
(d) 
where such withholding or deduction is required by the rules of the US Internal Revenue Code 
1986 (the "Code"), including without limitation, in respect of dividends, dividend equivalent 
payments (including without limitation under section 871(m) of the Code), and direct and 
indirect interests in US real property within the meaning of section 897(c) of the Code;  
(e) 
where such withholding or deduction is made in connection with FATCA; 
(f) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch Withholding 
Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021); 
(g) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of an Investor who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Product or Coupon to another paying agent 
without such deduction or withholding; or 
(h) 
in relation to Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities, unless it is proved, to the satisfaction 
of the Paying Agent that the Investor is unable to avoid such withholding or deduction by 
satisfying any applicable certification, identification or reporting requirements or by making a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemptions to the relevant tax authorities. 
13. 
Prescription  
Claims for payment of principal shall become void unless made within ten years and claims for interest 
shall become void unless made within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date.

--- Page 65 ---
General Conditions 
 
64 
 
14. 
Early Redemption for Unlawfulness or Impracticability 
If the Issuer determines in good faith and in a reasonable manner that the performance of any of its 
absolute or contingent obligations under the Products has become, or there is a substantial likelihood that 
it will become, unlawful or a physical impracticability, in whole or in part, as a result of (a) any change 
in financial, political or economic conditions or foreign exchange rates or (b) compliance in good faith 
by the Issuer or any relevant subsidiaries or Affiliates with any applicable present or future law, rule, 
regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative or judicial authority or 
power or in interpretation thereof, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem or terminate the Products by 
giving notice to Investors. 
If the Issuer redeems the Products pursuant to this General Condition 14, then the Issuer will, if and to 
the extent permitted by applicable law, pay to each Investor, in respect of each Product held by it, an 
amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount on the Unscheduled Early Redemption 
Date. 
15. 
Notices 
15.1 
To Investors 
(a) 
Subject to General Condition 15.1(b) (Euroclear Sweden Securities), all notices to Investors 
will be deemed to have been duly given and valid (a) if published on the Notice Website or any 
successor webpage thereto and any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the day 
of publication on the website; (b) if given in accordance with the rules and regulations of the 
Relevant Stock Exchange (if applicable) or other relevant authority and any such notice will be 
deemed to have been given on the first date of transmission or publication; and/or (c) if given 
to the Relevant Clearing System (if applicable) and any such notice will be deemed given on 
the first date following the day of transmission to the applicable Relevant Clearing System.  
Failure to give notice where required will not invalidate any determination, calculation or 
correction, as applicable. 
Investors of the Products shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice given to holders of Products. 
(b) 
Euroclear Sweden Securities: In respect of Euroclear Sweden Securities, the Issuer may either 
publish information and notices in at least one Swedish daily newspaper with nationwide 
coverage in the Kingdom of Sweden or send such information and notices to the relevant Paying 
Agent who (at the expense of the Issuer) will, as soon as reasonably possible, publish the 
information and notices in at least one Swedish daily newspaper with nationwide coverage in 
the Kingdom of Sweden.  
Notwithstanding any confidentiality obligations, the Issuer shall be entitled to obtain 
information (including information on Investors of Euroclear Sweden Securities) from the 
Euroclear Sweden Register, and Euroclear Sweden shall be entitled to provide such information 
to the Issuer and to the relevant Paying Agent, respectively. 
15.2 
To the Issuer and the Agents 
In respect of any Series, all notices to the Issuer and/or the Agents must be sent to the address specified 
for such entity in this Base Prospectus or to such other person or place as shall be specified by the Issuer 
and/or the Paying Agent by notice given to Investors. Any notice determined not to be valid, effective, 
complete and in proper form shall be null and void unless the Issuer and the Relevant Clearing System 
agree otherwise. This provision shall not prejudice any right of the person delivering the notice to deliver 
a new or corrected notice. The Issuer or the Paying Agent shall use all reasonable endeavours promptly 
to notify any Investor submitting a notice if it is determined that such notice is not valid, effective, 
complete or in the proper form.

--- Page 66 ---
General Conditions 
 
65 
 
16. 
Substitution 
The Issuer shall be entitled at any time, without the consent of the Investors, to substitute any other entity, 
the identity of which shall be determined by the Issuer, to act as issuer in respect of Products then 
outstanding pursuant to the Programme (the "New Issuer"), provided that: 
(a) 
no Event of Default as set out in General Condition 10 (Events of Default) shall occur as a result 
thereof.  
(b) 
the New Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally assumes, by means of a deed poll substantially 
in the form set out in the Agency Agreement, all obligations of the Issuer arising from or in 
connection with the Products; 
(c) 
the Issuer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Investor against any additional tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge imposed on such Investor due to a different tax or regulatory 
regime applicable to the New Issuer from that applicable to the Issuer and which arises solely 
due to the substitution of the Issuer by the New Issuer; and 
(d) 
all actions, conditions and steps which have to be initiated, fulfilled and performed (including 
obtaining any necessary consent) to ensure that the Products represent lawful, effective and 
binding obligations of the New Issuer have been initiated, fulfilled and performed and are, 
without limitation, legally valid and effective, 
in each case subject to any additional requirements as may be applicable pursuant to the rules of any 
Relevant Stock Exchange. 
In the event of any such substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Issuer shall be construed as 
a reference to the New Issuer. In connection with such right of substitution, the Issuer shall not be obliged 
to have regard to the consequences of the exercise of such right for individual Investors resulting from 
their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with or subject to the 
jurisdiction of, any particular territory, and no Investor shall be entitled to claim from the Issuer or the 
New Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such substitution 
upon such Investor. 
Any such substitution shall take effect upon giving notice to the Investors of each Series then outstanding 
and any Relevant Stock Exchange and the Paying Agent. 
17. 
Modifications  
17.1 
Modifications without consent of Investors 
(i) 
Terms and Conditions: The Conditions of the Products of any Series may be amended 
by the Issuer in each case without the consent of the Investors if, in the reasonable 
opinion of the Issuer, the amendment (a) is of a formal, minor or technical nature, (b) is 
made to correct a manifest or proven error or omission, (c) is made to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law of the Issuer Jurisdiction, and/or in order to comply with 
the amendments to any applicable laws and regulations, (d) is made to cure, correct or 
supplement any defective provision contained herein and/or (e) will not materially and 
adversely affect the interests of the Investors. Any such modification shall be binding on 
the Investors and any such modification shall take effect by notice to the Investors. 
(ii) 
Agency Agreement: The Agency Agreement may be amended by the parties thereto 
without the consent of the Investors if, in the opinion of the Issuer, the amendment will 
not materially and adversely affect the interests of the Investors. 
(iii) 
Meetings of Investors: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Investors to consider matters relating to the Products, including the 
modification of any provision of the Conditions relating to a Series of Products with the 
consent of the Issuer. Only holders of outstanding Products of the applicable Series in 
respect of the Products will be eligible to participate in a meeting of Investors. Such a 
meeting shall be convened by the Issuer upon the request in writing of Investors holding 
not less than one-tenth of the outstanding Products of that Series. The quorum at any

--- Page 67 ---
General Conditions 
 
66 
 
meeting convened to vote on a Resolution will be one or more Persons holding or 
representing one more than half of the outstanding Products of that Series or, at any 
adjourned meeting, one or more Persons being or representing not less than one quarter 
of the outstanding Products. Any Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be 
binding on all the Investors of the Products of the applicable Series, whether present or 
not.  
(iv) 
Extraordinary Resolution: A resolution in writing signed or electronically approved 
using the systems and procedures in place from time to time of a Relevant Clearing 
System by or on behalf of 75 per cent. or more of Investors of Products, by reference to 
their original aggregate principal amount (in the case of Notes) or the aggregate total 
number (in the case of Unit Certificates) or aggregate Notional Amount (in the case of 
Notional Certificates) of Products outstanding, who for the time being are entitled to 
receive notice of a meeting shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of the Investors of the Products. Such 
resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in several documents in like 
form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the relevant Investors of Products or 
may be in the form of SWIFT or other electronic instructions as permitted by the rules 
and procedures of the Relevant Clearing System, and in each case the date of such 
resolution shall be the date that such 75 per cent. majority is reached. 
17.2 
Further Issues  
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time, without the consent of the Investors, to create and issue 
further Products so as to form a single Series with the Products of any particular Series (such further 
Products, "Fungible Products"). 
18. 
Purchases and Cancellations  
The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Products (provided that all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise 
at any price. 
All Products so purchased may be held, surrendered for cancellation, or reissued or resold, and Products 
so reissued or resold shall for all purposes be deemed to form part of the original Series, all in accordance 
with applicable laws and regulations. 
19. 
Governing law and jurisdiction  
19.1 
Governing law 
(a) 
Governing law in relation to Products other than SIX SIS Securities  
The Products (other than the SIX SIS Securities), the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by and shall be construed in 
accordance with English law. 
(b) 
Governing law in relation to SIX SIS Securities 
In the case of SIX SIS Securities, the Products, the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with them are governed by and shall be construed in accordance 
with Swiss law. 
19.2 
Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Jurisdiction in relation to Products other than SIX SIS Securities 
The courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out 
of or in connection with any Products (other than the SIX SIS Securities) and/or Coupons and 
accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with them shall be 
brought in such courts.

--- Page 68 ---
General Conditions 
 
67 
 
(b) 
Jurisdiction in relation to SIX SIS Securities 
The ordinary courts of the canton of Zurich, venue being Zurich, are to have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection with any SIX SIS 
Securities, Coupons and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with them shall be brought in such courts, with the right of appeal to the Swiss 
Federal Court in Lausanne where the law permits. The aforementioned courts shall also have 
jurisdiction for the cancellation and replacement of lost, stolen, defaced, mutilated or destroyed 
SIX SIS Securities if issued in form of a permanent global certificate. General Condition 15 
(Notices) is not applicable to SIX SIS Securities. 
20. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
In respect of any Products which are governed by English law, no person shall have any right to enforce 
any term or condition of the Products under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
21. 
Severability 
Should any one or more of the provisions contained in the Conditions be or become invalid, the validity 
of the remaining provisions shall not be affected in any way. 
22. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
22.1 
Definitions 
In these General Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the 
respective meanings set out below:  
"Accountholder" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 2.3(b) (Title to 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities) 
"Affected Assets" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 6.2(b) (Settlement 
Disruption Event). 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity, 
directly or indirectly, under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes, 'control' means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Agents" means the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and any 'Additional Agents' specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Business Centre" means each centre specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Business Day" means a day which is each of: 
(a) 
a day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Business Centre specified in the Issue Terms; 
(b) 
in respect of Cleared Products, a Clearing System Business Day for the Relevant Clearing 
System; 
(c) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of 
the country of the relevant currency (if other than any Business Centre); and 
(d) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Business Day. 
"Business Day Convention" means any of the conventions specified in General Condition 4.4 (Business 
Day Convention).

--- Page 69 ---
General Conditions 
 
68 
 
"Calculation Agent" means Leonteq Securities AG, acting in such capacity, unless otherwise specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Calculation Amount" means, in respect of a Series, the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT in respect of Partial Redemption Products, the outstanding Calculation Amount in 
respect of each Product of such Series shall be reduced by the Partial Redemption Amount(s) upon 
payment thereof on the corresponding Partial Redemption Date(s) in accordance with General Condition 
6.1(a) (Partial Redemption). 
"Certificates" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 1 (Introduction) (and such 
Products will be specified to be 'Certificates' in the Issue Terms).  
"Cleared Products" means any Products that are SIX SIS Securities, Global Euroclear/Clearstream 
Securities or Euroclear Sweden Securities, as applicable (and each a "Cleared Product"). 
"Clearing System Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Relevant Clearing System other than Euroclear Sweden, any day on which such 
Relevant Clearing System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would 
have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions; and  
(b) 
in respect of Euroclear Sweden, any day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday, 
nor regarded as a public holiday where the payment of debt instruments is concerned. Saturdays, 
Midsummer Eve, Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve are deemed to be public holidays for the 
purposes of the definition of "Clearing System Business Day" in respect of Euroclear Sweden. 
"Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking S.A., or any successor thereto. 
"Clearstream Rules" means the Management Regulations of Clearstream and the Instructions to 
Participants of Clearstream, as may be from time to time amended, supplemented or modified. 
"CNY" means Chinese Renminbi, the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China (including any 
lawful successor to the CNY). 
"CNY FX Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
"CNY Inconvertibility Event": An event that makes it impossible or impractical for the Issuer 
to convert any amounts in CNY due in respect of the Products in the general CNY foreign 
exchange market in the CNY Financial Centre, other than where such impossibility or 
impracticality is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
relevant Trade Date, and it is impossible or impractical for the Issuer, due to an event beyond 
its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation);  
(b) 
"CNY Non-Transferability Event": An event that makes it impossible or impractical for the 
Issuer to deliver CNY (i) between accounts inside the CNY Financial Centre or (ii) from an 
account inside the CNY Financial Centre to an account outside the CNY Financial Centre, other 
than where such impossibility or impracticality is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any CNY Governmental Authority (unless such law, 
rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade Date and it is impossible or impractical for the 
Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); and  
(c) 
"CNY Illiquidity Event": The general CNY foreign exchange market in the CNY Financial 
Centre becomes illiquid as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient CNY in order to 
satisfy its payment obligations (in whole or in part) under the Products, 
where: 
(i) 
"impractical" or "impracticality" means, in relation to a CNY FX Disruption Event, that 
the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) would incur a materially increased amount of 
taxes, duties, expenses or fees (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade

--- Page 70 ---
General Conditions 
 
69 
 
Date and determined by the Calculation Agent) to perform the relevant action described 
in this definition; and 
(ii) 
"impossible", in relation to a CNY FX Disruption Event, shall include (but shall not be 
limited to) any act which, if done or performed by the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) 
would be or result in the breach of any applicable law, rule, or regulation. 
"CNY Financial Centre" means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"CNY Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) 
of the People's Republic of China, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and any other CNY 
Financial Centre. 
"Code" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 12 (Taxation). 
"Common Depositary" means, in relation to a particular Series, whether listed on any Relevant Stock 
Exchange or elsewhere, the common depositary (who shall be outside the United Kingdom and the 
United States (and the possessions of the United States)) appointed with respect to such Series. 
"Conditions" has the meaning given to such term in the opening italicised paragraph of these General 
Conditions.  
"Coupons" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 5.3. 
"Custody Bank" means, in relation to a payment denominated in a particular currency, a bank in the 
principal financial centre for such currency or, where the relevant payment is denominated in euro, in a 
city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
"Dealer Poll" means, in respect of any time on any relevant day, that the Calculation Agent will request 
each of the Reference Dealers to provide a quotation of its rate for the relevant currency exchange rate, 
at the applicable time on such relevant day. If, for any such rate, at least two quotations are provided, the 
relevant rate will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided for 
any such rate, the relevant rate will be the arithmetic mean of the relevant rates quoted by major banks 
in the relevant market, selected by the Calculation Agent, at or around the applicable time on such 
relevant day. 
"Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities" has the meaning given to such term in General 
Condition 2.1(b) (Form of Euroclear/Clearstream Securities).  
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in the Payout Conditions. 
"Delivery Entitlement Instruction" means, with respect to Products which are to be settled by delivery 
of an Entitlement, a notice delivered by the relevant Investor in respect of such Entitlement in the form 
obtainable from the Paying Agent. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in the Payout Conditions. 
"EUR", "euro" and "€" each means the lawful single currency of the Member States of the European 
Union that have adopted or adopt and continue to retain a common single currency through monetary 
union in accordance with European Union treaty law (as amended from time to time).  
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. or any successor thereto. 
"Euroclear Sweden" means Euroclear Sweden AB, the Swedish Central Securities Depository. 
"Euroclear Rules" means the terms and conditions governing the use of Euroclear and the operating 
procedures of Euroclear, as may be amended, supplemented or modified from time to time. 
"Euroclear Sweden Register" means the register opened in the Euroclear Sweden System for Euroclear 
Sweden Securities issued or to be issued by the Issuer.

--- Page 71 ---
General Conditions 
 
70 
 
"Euroclear Sweden Securities" means any Securities registered with Euroclear Sweden and issued in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the SCSDFIA Act. 
"Euroclear Sweden Rules" means the SCSDFIA Act and all other applicable Swedish laws, regulations 
and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Sweden from time to time. 
"Euroclear Sweden System" means the technical system at Euroclear Sweden for the registration of 
securities and the clearing and settlement of securities transactions. 
"Euroclear/Clearstream Securities" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 2.1(b) 
(Form of Euroclear/Clearstream Securities).  
"Event of Default" means each of the events set out in General Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Global Euroclear/Clearstream Security, a calendar day falling 
not less than 60 calendar days after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which 
banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Paying Agent is located and 
(if applicable) in the city in which the Relevant Clearing System is located.  
"Exchange Event" means (a) the Relevant Clearing System is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or does in fact do so or (b) the Issuer has failed to make any payment of 
principal or delivered any Entitlement when due under the Conditions. 
"FATCA" means sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any final current or future regulations or 
official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to section 1471(b) of the Code, or 
any U.S. or non-U.S. fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any 
intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections of the 
Code or any other non-U.S. tax information reporting regimes. 
"Final Terms" has the meaning given to such term in the opening italicised paragraph of the General 
Conditions. 
"FISA" means the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz). 
"FX Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
"Currency Replacement Event": The Settlement Currency ceases to exist and is replaced by a 
new currency in the relevant jurisdiction; 
(b) 
"Dual Exchange Rate": A relevant exchange rate splits into dual or multiple foreign exchange 
rates;  
(c) 
"Governmental Authority Event": a Governmental Authority of a relevant jurisdiction has 
given public notice of its intention to impose any controls which are likely to materially affect 
the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent's ability to hedge the Issuer's obligations with respect to the 
Products or to unwind any such hedge; 
(d) 
"Illiquidity": It is or becomes or is likely to become impossible or impracticable for the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent to obtain any Settlement Currency or obtain or use a relevant exchange 
rate in an appropriate amount;  
(e) 
"Inconvertibility": The occurrence of any event that makes it or is likely to make it impossible 
and/or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent to convert the Settlement Currency 
into another currency (or vice versa) through customary legal channels (including, without 
limitation, any event that has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, limiting or restricting 
convertibility by way of any delays, increased costs or discriminatory rates of exchange or any 
current or future restrictions on repatriation of one currency into another currency); 
(f) 
"Non-Transferability": The occurrence of any event in or affecting any relevant jurisdiction 
that makes it or is likely to make it impossible and/or impracticable for the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent to deliver any Settlement Currency into a relevant account; and/or

--- Page 72 ---
General Conditions 
 
71 
 
(g) 
"Price Source Disruption": a Price Source Disruption. 
"General Conditions" has the meaning given to such term in the opening italicised paragraph of the 
General Conditions. 
"Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 
2.1(b) (Form of Euroclear/Clearstream Securities).  
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of a relevant 
jurisdiction. 
"Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more (a) positions or 
contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, (b) stock loan transactions, or 
(c) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) by the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or 
any of their Affiliates in order to hedge individually, or on a portfolio basis, the Issuer's obligations in 
respect of the Products.  
"Intermediated Securities" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 2.1(a) (Form of 
SIX SIS Securities). 
"Investor" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 2.3 (Title). 
"Issue Date" means the issue date as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Issue Price" means the price specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Issue Size" means, on the Issue Date, the aggregate nominal amount (or, in the case of Notional 
Certificates, the aggregate Notional Amount) of the Products of the relevant Tranche (or, if applicable, 
Series) being issued as specified in the Issue Terms and on any date thereafter such amount as reduced 
by any partial redemption on or prior to such date. 
"Issue Terms" has the meaning given to such term in the opening italicised paragraph of the General 
Conditions. 
"Issuer" means Leonteq Securities AG which may also be acting through its Guernsey branch (Leonteq 
Securities AG, Guernsey Branch) or its Amsterdam branch (Leonteq Securities AG, Amsterdam Branch). 
"Issuer Jurisdiction" means, at any time, the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer or any New 
Issuer substituted therefor in accordance with General Condition 16 (Substitution). 
"Lead Manager" means Leonteq Securities AG, or such other entity specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Minimum Tradable Lot" means the amount, if any, specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"New Issuer" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 16 (Substitution).  
"Notes" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 1 (Introduction) (and such Products 
will be specified to be 'Notes' in the Issue Terms).  
"Notice Website" means the website specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Notional Amount" means, in respect of Notional Certificates, the amount specified as such in the Issue 
Terms PROVIDED THAT in respect of Partial Redemption Products, the outstanding Notional Amount 
in respect of each such Notional Certificate shall be reduced by the Partial Redemption Amount(s) upon 
payment thereof on the corresponding Partial Redemption Date(s) in accordance with General Condition 
6.1(a) (Partial Redemption). 
"Offer Period" means the period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Partial Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a Partial Redemption Date, the amount specified 
as such corresponding to such Partial Redemption Date in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 73 ---
General Conditions 
 
72 
 
"Partial Redemption Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms (subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Issue Terms). 
"Partial Redemption Product" means each Product in respect of which 'Partial Redemption' is specified 
as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Paying Agent" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 1 (Introduction). 
"Payment Date" means a day on which a payment is due in respect of the Products. 
"Price Source Disruption" means it becomes impossible or impracticable to obtain any relevant 
currency exchange rate on or in respect of any date on which such currency exchange rate is required 
under the Conditions (or, if different, the day on which rates for such date would, in the ordinary course, 
be published or announced by the relevant pricing source(s)). 
"Pricing Supplement" has the meaning given to such term in the opening italicised paragraph of the 
General Conditions. 
"Product" or "Products" means any Note or Certificate which may from time to time be issued pursuant 
to the Programme in accordance with the terms of this Base Prospectus. Unless the context otherwise 
requires, any reference to 'Product' shall be deemed to refer to a Note having a nominal amount equal to 
the relevant Specified Denomination, a Notional Certificate having a nominal amount equal to the 
relevant Notional Amount or to a single Unit Certificate. 
"Programme" has the meaning given to such term in the opening italicised paragraph of these General 
Conditions. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in the Payout Conditions. 
"Reference Dealers" means, in respect of a currency exchange rate, four leading dealers in the relevant 
foreign exchange market, as selected by the Calculation Agent. 
"Related Exchange" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions 
(if applicable). 
"Relevant Clearing System" means, as appropriate, Clearstream, SIS, Euroclear Sweden and/or 
Euroclear, as the case may be, and any other 'Relevant Clearing System' specified in the Issue Terms, 
through which interests in Products are to be held and/or through an account at which such Products are 
to be cleared. 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Product or Coupon, the date on which payment or delivery in 
respect of it first becomes due (or would have first become due if all conditions to settlement had been 
satisfied) or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which 
payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date five calendar days after that on 
which notice is duly given to the Investors that, upon further presentation of the Product or Coupon being 
made in accordance with these General Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment 
is in fact made upon such presentation. 
"Relevant Rules" means, in the case of:  
(a) 
SIX SIS Securities, the SIS Rules; 
(b) 
Euroclear/Clearsteam Securities, the Clearstream Rules or the Euroclear Rules (as applicable); 
and 
(c) 
Euroclear Sweden Securities, the Euroclear Sweden Rules,  
and/or the terms and conditions and any procedures governing the use of such other Relevant Clearing 
System, in each case as updated from time to time, relating to a particular issue of Products, as applicable. 
"Relevant Settlement Day" means, a Clearing System Business Day and a Scheduled Trading Day (as 
defined in the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions).

--- Page 74 ---
General Conditions 
 
73 
 
"Relevant Stock Exchange" means, in respect of any Series, the stock exchange upon which such 
Products are listed (if any), as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"SCSDFIA Act" means the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts 
Act (SFS 1998:1479) (in Swedish: (1998:1479) lagen om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av 
finansiella instrument). 
"Series" means the Products of each original issue together with any relevant Fungible Products. 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Settlement Disruption Amount" means, in respect of each Product, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency equal to the pro rata proportion of the market value of such Product on or about the Settlement 
Disruption Date (which shall take into account where some but not all of the Underlyings comprising the 
Entitlement have been duly delivered pursuant to General Condition 6.2 (Settlement by Delivery of the 
Entitlement) and the value of such Underlyings). Such amount shall be determined by reference to such 
factors as the Calculation Agent considers to be appropriate including, without limitation:  
(a) 
market prices or values for the Underlying(s) and other relevant economic variables (such as 
interest rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant time; 
(b) 
the remaining life of the Products had they remained outstanding to scheduled maturity and/or 
any scheduled early redemption date; 
(c) 
the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption which would have been applicable 
had the Products remained outstanding to scheduled maturity and/or any scheduled early 
redemption date; 
(d) 
internal pricing models; and 
(e) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for securities similar to the Products, 
provided that, if the Issue Terms specifies 'Unwind Costs' to be 'Not Applicable', the Calculation Agent 
shall not take into account deductions for any costs, charges, fees, accruals, losses, withholdings and 
expenses, which are incurred by the Issuer or its Affiliates relating to the unwinding of any Hedge 
Positions and/or related funding arrangements, when determining such market value. 
"Settlement Disruption Date" means the fifth Relevant Settlement Day following the date of the notice 
of the relevant election to pay the Settlement Disruption Amount or such other date as may be specified 
in the relevant notice. 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, that an event 
beyond the control of the Issuer has occurred as a result of which the Issuer cannot make or procure 
delivery of the relevant Underlying(s). 
"Settlement Expenses" means, in respect of any Product or Products, if the Issue Terms specifies 
'Settlement Expenses' to be 'Applicable', any costs, fees and expenses or other amounts (other than in 
relation to Taxes) payable by an Investor per Calculation Amount on or in respect of or in connection 
with the redemption or settlement of such Product or Products by way of delivery of any Entitlement. 
"SIS" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 2.1(a) (Form of SIX SIS Securities). 
"SIS Rules" means the rules and regulations, manuals and operating procedures as well as any 
agreements between the Issuer and SIS governing the use of SIS, as may be amended, supplemented or 
modified from time to time. 
"SIX SIS Securities" means Products in respect of which the Issue Terms specifies the 'Governing law' 
to be Swiss law. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency or currencies specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Specified Denomination" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 75 ---
General Conditions 
 
74 
 
"Specified Number of Business Days" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, three 
Business Days.  
"Specified Product Value" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 8 (Indicative 
Amounts). 
"Specified Sub-Unit" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"TARGET Business Day" means a day on which the TARGET System is operating. 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 
November 2007 ('TARGET2') (or, if such system ceases to be operative, such other system (if any) 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be a suitable replacement). 
"Taxes" or "Tax" means any tax, duty, impost, levy, charge or contribution in the nature of taxation or 
any withholding or deduction for or on account thereof, including (but not limited to) any applicable 
stock exchange tax, turnover tax, financial transaction tax, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, charge on 
income, profits or capital gains and/or other taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature chargeable or payable and includes any interest and penalties in respect thereof. 
"TCM Secured Product" means a Product in respect of which the Issue Terms specifies 'TCM Secured 
Product' to be 'Applicable'. Each TCM Secured Product will be a SIX SIS Security and an Exempt 
Product. 
"Tranche" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 1 (Introduction).  
"Transfer Documentation" means, for each Series, such documentation as is generally acceptable for 
settlement of the transfer of the relevant Underlying(s) on any Related Exchange or through the Relevant 
Clearing System. 
"Underlying" means each Share, Participation Certificate, Depositary Receipt, Index, Commodity, 
Currency Exchange Rate, Futures Contract, Fixed Rate Instrument, Derivative Instrument, ETF Share, 
Fund Unit and Reference Rate specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Specific Conditions" means, in respect of: 
(a) 
Products linked to one or more shares ("Share Linked Products"), the Share Linked Conditions 
(as set out in this Base Prospectus); 
(b) 
Products linked to one or more participation certificates (Genussscheine) ("Participation 
Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Products"), the Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) 
Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus); 
(c) 
Products linked to one or more indices ("Index Linked Products"), the Index Linked 
Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus); 
(d) 
Products linked to one or more Depositary Receipts ("Depositary Receipt Linked Products"), 
the Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus); 
(e) 
Products linked to one or more commodities ("Commodity Linked Products"), the 
Commodity Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus); 
(f) 
Products linked to one or more currency exchange rates ("Currency Exchange Rate Linked 
Products"), the Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base 
Prospectus); 
(g) 
Products linked to one or more futures contracts ("Futures Contract Linked Products"), the 
Futures Contract Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus); 
(h) 
Products linked to one or more fixed rate instruments or derivative instruments ("Fixed Rate 
Instrument Linked Products" or "Derivative Instrument Linked Products"), the Fixed Rate 
Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus);

--- Page 76 ---
General Conditions 
 
75 
 
(i) 
Products linked to one or more exchange traded funds ("ETF Linked Products"), the ETF 
Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus); 
(j) 
Products linked to Funds ("Fund Linked Products"), the Fund Linked Conditions (as set out 
in this Base Prospectus); or 
(k) 
Products linked to a reference rate ("Reference Rate Linked Products"), the Reference Rate 
Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus). 
"Unit" for the purposes of General Condition 4.1 (Rounding), has the meaning given to such term in 
General Condition 4.1 (Rounding). 
"Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount" means, on any day and in relation to the relevant event 
leading to early redemption of the Products, an amount in respect of each Calculation Amount for each 
Product in the Settlement Currency equal to the market value of such Product (in respect of such 
Calculation Amount) following the event triggering the early redemption (including the value of accrued 
interest (if applicable)) (the "Market Value"). Such amount shall be determined as soon as reasonably 
practicable following the event giving rise to the early redemption of the Products and by reference to 
such factors as the Calculation Agent considers to be appropriate including, without limitation: 
(a) 
market prices or values for the Underlying(s) and other relevant economic variables (such as 
interest rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant time; 
(b) 
the remaining life of the Products had they remained outstanding to scheduled maturity and/or 
any scheduled early redemption date; 
(c) 
the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption which would have been applicable 
had the Products remained outstanding to scheduled maturity and/or any scheduled early 
redemption date; 
(d) 
internal pricing models; and 
(e) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for Products similar to the Products.  
"Unscheduled Early Redemption Date" means the date as specified in the notice given to Investors in 
accordance with General Condition 7 (FX Disruption Event or a CNY FX Disruption Event) or General 
Condition 14 (Early Redemption for Unlawfulness or Impracticability). 
"USD", "US$", "$" and "US Dollars" each means United States dollars. 
22.2 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in these General Conditions will have the meanings given 
to them in the Payout Conditions, the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions or the Issue 
Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the 
Products of the relevant Series. 
(b) 
Words importing the plural shall include the singular and vice versa, unless the context requires 
otherwise. 
(c) 
A reference to a 'person' in the Conditions includes any person, firm, company, corporation, 
government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust or partnership (whether or not 
having separate legal personality) of two or more of the foregoing. 
(d) 
A reference in the Conditions to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended 
or re-enacted. 
References in the Conditions to a company or entity shall be deemed to include a reference to any 
successor or replacement thereto.

--- Page 77 ---
Additional Provisions Relating to TCM Secured Products 
 
76 
 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO TCM SECURED PRODUCTS 
The provisions of this 'Additional Provisions Relating to TCM Secured Products' section of the Base 
Prospectus shall apply to TCM Secured Products and, in respect of TCM Secured Products, the General 
Conditions shall be deemed to be amended in accordance with such provisions. Cross references to 
General Conditions in this 'Additional Provisions Relating to TCM Secured Products' section of the Base 
Prospectus shall be deemed to be (a) in respect of the sub-headings and the explanatory notes contained 
immediately below the sub-headings, reference to such numbering as if it was unamended by this section 
of the Base Prospectus and (b) in respect of the new or amended General Conditions in respect of TCM 
Secured Products, reference to numbering as amended by such new or amended General Conditions. 
1. 
Amendment of General Condition 3.1 (Status of the Products) 
General Condition 3.1 shall be deemed to be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following: 
"The TCM Secured Products constitute general contractual obligations of the Issuer and are collateralized 
in accordance with the TCM Security Agreement (as described in more detail in the section of this Base 
Prospectus 'Description of TCM ("Triparty Collateral Management") Secured Products'). The TCM 
Secured Products shall rank equally among themselves and, save for such exceptions as may be provided 
by applicable law, shall rank pari passu with all other collateralized and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer. 
The TCM Secured Products do not evidence deposits of the Issuer. The TCM Secured Products are not 
insured or guaranteed by any government or government agency."  
2. 
Provision of a new General Condition 12 (Early termination of TCM Secured Products) 
The following new General Condition shall be inserted after General Condition 11 (Agents) and before 
General Condition 12 (Taxation), and all subsequent General Condition numbering and references 
thereto shall be amended accordingly: 
"12. 
Early termination of TCM Secured Products 
TCM Secured Products shall be collateralized in accordance with the TCM Security Agreement 
(please see the section of this Base Prospectus 'Description of TCM ("Triparty Collateral 
Management") Secured Products' for further detail on the collateralization of TCM Secured 
Products). TCM Secured Products may (in addition to any other events causing an early 
redemption in accordance with the Conditions) be redeemed early in accordance with General 
Condition 12.1 (Early termination following a Realization Event) or General Condition 12.2 
(Early termination following a termination of the TCM Security Agreement). 
12.1 
Early termination following a Realization Event 
If the Collateral Agent determines that a Realization Event has occurred in respect of a TCM 
Secured Product, the Collateral shall be liquidated (either by the Collateral Agent or a liquidator 
under the terms of the applicable legal regulations) and the TCM Secured Product shall be 
redeemed in accordance with this General Condition 12.1. 
Upon the occurrence of a Realization Event, Investors' claims against the Issuer will be based 
on the Liquidation Value (as determined by the Collateral Agent) when the TCM Secured 
Products mature in accordance with the TCM Security Agreement. 
Upon liquidation of the Collateral following a Realization Event each Investor shall be paid, in 
respect of each TCM Secured Product held by it, an amount equal to the pro-rata share of the 
Net Liquidation Proceeds per TCM Secured Product in the relevant Series. Such amount shall 
be paid to Investors via SIX SIS AG on a delivery versus payment basis.   
The claim of Investors is non-interest-bearing. Payment to Investors following the occurrence 
of a Realization Event may only occur upon completion of the liquidation of the Collateral in 
accordance with the terms of the TCM Security Agreement. If the payment is delayed for any 
reason, the Collateral Agent and SIX SIS AG are not liable to pay either default interest or 
damages. Each TCM Secured Product will only be secured by the Collateral assigned on the

--- Page 78 ---
Additional Provisions Relating to TCM Secured Products 
 
77 
 
Collateral Account to the respective TCM Secured Product. The Investors' claims against the 
Issuer in respect of the TCM Secured Product are reduced by the amount of the payment of the 
Net Liquidation Proceeds. No further Investors' claims exist against the Collateral Agent, SIX 
SIS AG or other persons which are involved in the collateralisation service for the TCM Secured 
Product under the terms of the TCM Security Agreement. 
If the same event is deemed to constitute both a Realization Event and an Event of Default, the 
provisions of this General Condition 12.1 shall prevail. 
12.2 
Early termination following a termination of the TCM Security Agreement 
(a) 
Termination of the TCM Security Agreement and payment of the TCM Secured Product 
Early Redemption Amount 
If a TCM Security Agreement Termination Event has occurred, the Issuer may, at any 
time, redeem all (but not some) of the TCM Secured Products by giving not less than 
one month's irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 15.1, in which case 
the Issuer shall redeem the TCM Secured Products on the date specified in the relevant 
notice (in respect of such products the "TCM Secured Product Early Redemption 
Date") and cause to be paid to each Investor, in respect of each TCM Secured Product 
held by it, an amount equal to the TCM Secured Product Early Redemption Amount. The 
"TCM Secured Product Early Redemption Amount" shall be an amount determined 
by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent in its/their reasonable discretion as the 
reasonable market price of the relevant TCM Secured Product at the time when bid and 
ask prices for such TCM Secured Product were most recently quoted immediately prior 
to the end of the collateralization pursuant to the TCM Security Agreement. 
(b) 
Taxes, fees or other duties 
All taxes, fees and other duties incurred in connection with the payment of the TCM 
Secured Product Early Redemption Amount shall be borne and paid by the Investor. The 
Issuer and/or Paying Agent may withhold from the TCM Secured Product Early 
Redemption Amount any taxes, fees or duties that have to be paid by the Investor in 
accordance with this paragraph." 
3. 
Amendment of General Condition 11 (Agents) 
General Condition 11 (Agents) shall be amended by the insertion of the following after General Condition 
11.1 (Appointment of Agents) and before General Condition 11.2 (Determinations by the Calculation 
Agent) as follows (and all subsequent paragraph numbering shall be amended accordingly): 
"11.2 Collateral Agent 
By purchasing a TCM Secured Product, Investors agree to exercise their rights under the 
TCM Security Agreement solely through the Collateral Agent. The acquisition of a TCM 
Secured Product by an investor is automatically accompanied by a declaration to the 
Collateral Agent, as its representative, that the Collateral Agent may exercise the 
Investor's rights under the TCM Security Agreement in the event of the Realization 
Events." 
4. 
Inclusion of new definitions in General Condition 22 (Definitions and Interpretation) 
The following new definitions shall be deemed to be inserted in to General Condition 22 (Definitions 
and Interpretation) in alphabetical order within the list of existing defined terms: 
"Collateral" means, in respect of TCM Secured Products, the collateral provided by the Collateral 
Provider in order to secure such TCM Secured Products in accordance with the TCM Security 
Agreement. 
"Collateral Account" means an account of the Collateral Provider with SIX SIS AG. 
"Collateral Agent" means, in respect of TCM Secured Products, SIX Repo AG.

--- Page 79 ---
Additional Provisions Relating to TCM Secured Products 
 
78 
 
"Collateral Provider" means, in respect of a TCM Secured Product, the Issuer. 
"Collateral Taker" means, in respect of a TCM Secured Product, the Investors. 
"Current Value" means, in respect of a TCM Secured Product and any point in time, the value of such 
TCM Secured Product at such point in time, calculated exclusively by, and with full responsibility of, 
the Collateral Provider in accordance with acknowledged accounting principles. Neither the Collateral 
Agent, nor SIX SIS AG nor SIX Financial Information AG recalculates or otherwise reviews the 
calculation of the Current Value. 
"Liquidation Proceeds" means, in respect of a TCM Secured Product, the proceeds from the liquidation 
of the Collateral. 
"Liquidation Value" means, in respect of a TCM Secured Product and a Realization Event, the most 
recent Current Value available prior to the corresponding Realization Event Date. The Liquidation Value 
shall be binding on the Collateral Provider and the Investors. 
"Net Liquidation Proceeds" means, in respect of a TCM Secured Product, the Liquidation Proceeds 
less both (a) any costs of the Collateral Agent in respect of such TCM Secured Product, including in 
connection with the liquidation of the Collateral (including fees, taxes and duties that arise in conjunction 
with liquidation) and (b) any outstanding claims that the Collateral Agent holds against the Collateral 
Provider under the terms of the TCM Security Agreement. 
"Realization Event" means, in respect of a TCM Secured Product (and a Realization Event will be 
deemed to have occurred if), (i) the Collateral Provider fails to furnish the required collateral or fails to 
do so in due time, unless this is remedied within five (5) Business Days; (ii) the Issuer fails to pay the 
principal amount under the TCM Secured Product (but not any amount of interest, coupon or other 
intermediate payment) according to the Conditions when due, unless this is remedied within five (5) 
Business Days; or (iii) the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA") orders protective 
measures with regard to the Issuer or the Collateral Provider under article 26 paragraph 1 letter (f) or (h) 
of the Federal Act on Banks and Savings Banks (the "Banking Act"), or restructuring proceedings under 
article 28 et seq. of Banking Act or liquidation (winding-up proceedings) under article 33 et seq. of the 
Banking Act. The TCM Security Agreement provides for the exact time at which each Realization Event 
occurs. The remedy of a Realization Event is not possible. The Collateral Agent will determine, with 
binding effect for the Investors, whether an incident qualifies as a Realization Event and at what point in 
time and the date on which the Realization Event occurred (such date, the "Realization Event Date") 
and such determination will be based upon reliable sources of information only. The Collateral Agent is 
not required to undertake investigations with regard to the occurrence of a Realization Event. 
"TCM Secured Product Early Redemption Amount" shall have the meaning given to such term in 
General Condition 12.2. 
"TCM Secured Product Early Redemption Date" shall have the meaning given to such term in General 
Condition 12.2. 
"TCM Security Agreement" means the security agreement between the Issuer (as the Collateral 
Provider), the Collateral Taker (represented by the Collateral Agent) and SIX SIS AG. 
"TCM Security Agreement Termination Event" means, in the determination of the Issuer, that the 
TCM Security Agreement is terminated and due to such termination it is not possible to secure the TCM 
Security Products in accordance with the provisions of the TCM Security Agreement."

--- Page 80 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
79 
 
PAYOUT CONDITIONS 
These payout conditions (the "Payout Conditions") shall apply to all Products provided that each 
paragraph shall only apply where specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms. 
1. 
Yield Enhancement Products 
This paragraph 1 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the Payout Style 
is specified to be 'Yield Enhancement Products' in the Issue Terms. 
1.1 
Yield Enhancement Products with European Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 1.1 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all European Barrier Yield Enhancement 
Products. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be the Conditional 
Coupon Amount (if any), the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount and/or the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to, respectively, paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) below, as 
applicable, PROVIDED THAT if 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, there shall be more than one Set of Coupon Payment Dates and either the Conditional 
Coupon Provisions (paragraph (i) below), the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions 
(paragraph (ii) below) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions (paragraph (iii) below) 
shall apply to each Set of Coupon Payment Dates (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in 
respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling 
immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon 
Payment Date shall be zero. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these 
Conditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates in respect of which 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference to 'in respect of each Coupon 
Payment Date' in the Conditional Coupon Provisions (including in respect of each of the 
definitions required for the Conditional Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to be a 
reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates'. 
(ii) 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
If 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Period 
falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Daily Range Accrual 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall

--- Page 81 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
80 
 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below 
(as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Period, the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount payable 
on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Calculated Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of 
such Coupon Observation Period, the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these Daily 
Range Accrual Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates in respect of which 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference to 'in respect of each Coupon 
Payment Date' in the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions (including in respect of 
each of the definitions required for the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions) shall 
be deemed to be a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
(iii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount payable in respect 
of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Amount. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates in respect of which 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference to 'in respect of each Coupon 
Payment Date' in the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions (including in respect of 
each of the definitions required for such Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions) shall 
be deemed to be a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
and if an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date or any Autocall 
Observation Period (as applicable), the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) or the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable on the Coupon Payment Date scheduled 
to fall on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date (or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date 
falling most recently prior to the relevant Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final 
Conditional Coupon Amount or the final Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) 
payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation 
Date or an Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), then unless the Products have been 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the 
Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date or the Autocall 
Observation Period (as applicable) in respect of which the Autocall Event occurred at the 
Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the Conditions 
specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the same date as the 
Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the Autocall Observation Date or 
the Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) corresponding to such final Autocall 
Redemption Date, each Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the

--- Page 82 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
81 
 
final Autocall Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts 
shall be payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Autocall 
Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as applicable) in accordance 
with paragraph (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi), or (vii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
European Barrier  
This paragraph 1.1(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier' in the 
Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) or (B) 
below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (I) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on 
the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (II) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount,  
PROVIDED THAT, if:  
(1) 
'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
and if a Lock-In Event has occurred; or 
(2) 
'Target One Event Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if a Target One Event has occurred, 
the Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount, 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms and if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with 
this paragraph 1.1(c)(i)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(ii) 
European Barrier with Return 
This paragraph 1.1(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier with 
Return' in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 83 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
82 
 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Max [0; Calculation Amount × (PP + (DPP × Final Return))]; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × FRP 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1(c)(ii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(iii) 
European Barrier with Protection 
This paragraph 1.1(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier with 
Protection' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula 
Calculation Amount × Max [CPP; Final Performance]; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount, 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1(c)(iii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(iv) 
European Barrier with Optimal Tracker 
This paragraph 1.1(c)(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier with 
Optimal Tracker' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Highest Recorded Performance

--- Page 84 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
83 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1(c)(iv)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(v) 
European Barrier with Inverse Participation 
This paragraph 1.1(c)(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier with 
Inverse Participation' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(1) 
if 'Downside Participation' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Max [0; Calculation Amount × (IP - Final Performance )]; or 
(2) 
if 'Downside Participation' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Max [0; Calculation Amount × (IP + (DPP × Final Performance))]; or 
(3) 
if 'Protection Percentage' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount ×Max [CPP; (IP −Final Performance)];or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount,  
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1(c)(v)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(vi) 
European Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike 
This paragraph 1.1(c)(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier with 
Inverse Participation and High Strike' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (0; IP −Final Performance
IP −Strike Percentage ) ; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount,

--- Page 85 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
84 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1(c)(vi)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(vii) 
European Barrier with Increased Downside Risk 
This paragraph 1.1(c)(vii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier 
Increased Downside Risk' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (0; Final Performance − PP); or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × FRP 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1(c)(vii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
1.2 
Yield Enhancement Products with American Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 1.2 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all American Barrier Yield Enhancement 
Products. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products.  
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be the Conditional 
Coupon Amount (if any), the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount and/or the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to, respectively, paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) below, as 
applicable, PROVIDED THAT if 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, there shall be more than one Set of Coupon Payment Dates and either the Conditional 
Coupon Provisions (paragraph (i) below), the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions 
(paragraph (ii) below) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions (paragraph (iii) below) 
shall apply to each Set of Coupon Payment Dates (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in 
respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling 
immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or

--- Page 86 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
85 
 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon 
Payment Date shall be zero. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these 
Conditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates in respect of which 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference to 'in respect of each Coupon 
Payment Date' in the Conditional Coupon Provisions (including in respect of each of the 
definitions required for the Conditional Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to be a 
reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates'. 
(ii) 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
If 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Period 
falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Daily Range Accrual 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below 
(as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Period, the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount payable 
on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Calculated Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of 
such Coupon Observation Period, the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these Daily 
Range Accrual Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates in respect of which 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference to 'in respect of each Coupon 
Payment Date' in the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions (including in respect of 
each of the definitions required for the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions) shall 
be deemed to be a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
(iii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount payable in respect 
of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Amount. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates in respect of which 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference to 'in respect of each Coupon 
Payment Date' in the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions (including in respect of 
each of the definitions required for the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions) shall be 
deemed to be a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
and if an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date or any Autocall 
Observation Period (as applicable), the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) or the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable on the Coupon Payment Date scheduled 
to fall on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date (or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date 
falling most recently prior to the relevant Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final

--- Page 87 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
86 
 
Conditional Coupon Amount or the final Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) 
payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation 
Date or an Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), then unless the Products have been 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the 
Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date or the Autocall 
Observation Period (as applicable) in respect of which the Autocall Event occurred at the 
Autocall Redemption Amount.  
If the Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date shall be the Redemption Date, 
and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the Autocall Observation Date or the Autocall 
Observation Period (as applicable) corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each 
Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall Redemption 
Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be payable in respect 
of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Autocall 
Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as applicable) in accordance 
with paragraph (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or (vi) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
American Barrier  
This paragraph 1.2(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier' in the 
Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) or (B) 
below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, either (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(b) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount,

--- Page 88 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
87 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if:  
(1) 
'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
and if a Lock-In Event has occurred; or 
(2) 
'Target One Event Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if a Target One Event has occurred, 
the Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount, 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms and if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with 
this paragraph 1.2(c)(i)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(ii) 
American Barrier with Return 
This paragraph 1.2(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with 
Return' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Max [0; Calculation Amount × (PP + (DPP × Final Return))]; or; 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to 
the Calculation Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount,  
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2(a)(ii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(iii) 
American Barrier with Protection 
This paragraph 1.2(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with 
Protection' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [CPP; Final Performance]; or 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to 
the Calculation Amount; or

--- Page 89 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
88 
 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2(c)(iii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(iv) 
American Barrier with Inverse Participation  
This paragraph 1.2(c)(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with 
Inverse Participation' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with either paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount; or 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Max [0; Calculation Amount × (IP −Final Performance)] 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2(c)(iv)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(v) 
American Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike 
This paragraph 1.2(c)(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with 
Inverse Participation and High Strike' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount; or 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×Max (0; 
IP − Final Performance
IP − Strike Percentage); or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2(c)(v)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(vi) 
American Barrier with Increased Downside Risk

--- Page 90 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
89 
 
This paragraph 1.2(c)(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier 
Increased Downside Risk' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × FRP; or 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (0; Final Performance −PP); or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × FRP 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2(c)(vi)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
1.3 
Yield Enhancement Products Without Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 1.3 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Yield Enhancement Without Barrier 
Products. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be the Conditional 
Coupon Amount (if any), the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount and/or the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to, respectively, paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) below, as 
applicable, PROVIDED THAT if 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, there shall be more than one Set of Coupon Payment Dates and either the Conditional 
Coupon Provisions (paragraph (i) below), the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions 
(paragraph (ii) below) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions (paragraph (iii) below) 
shall apply to each Set of Coupon Payment Dates (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in 
respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling 
immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or

--- Page 91 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
90 
 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon 
Payment Date shall be zero. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these 
Conditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates in respect of which 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference to 'in respect of each Coupon 
Payment Date' in the Conditional Coupon Provisions (including in respect of each of the 
definitions required for the Conditional Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to be a 
reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates'. 
(ii) 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
If 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Period 
falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Daily Range Accrual 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below 
(as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Period, the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount payable 
on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Calculated Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of 
such Coupon Observation Period, the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount 
payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these Daily 
Range Accrual Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates in respect of which 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference to 'in respect of each Coupon 
Payment Date' in the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions (including in respect of 
each of the definitions required for the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions) shall 
be deemed to be a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
(iii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount payable in respect 
of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Amount. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates in respect of which 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference to 'in respect of each Coupon 
Payment Date' in the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions (including in respect of 
each of the definitions required for the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions) shall be 
deemed to be a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
and if an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date or any Autocall 
Observation Period (as applicable), the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) or the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable on the Coupon Payment Date scheduled 
to fall on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date (or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date 
falling most recently prior to the relevant Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final

--- Page 92 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
91 
 
Conditional Coupon Amount or final Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) 
payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation 
Date or an Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), then unless the Products have been 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the 
Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date or the Autocall 
Observation Period (as applicable) in respect of which the Autocall Event occurred at the 
Autocall Redemption Amount. 
If the Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date shall be the Redemption Date, 
and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the Autocall Observation Date or the Autocall 
Observation Period (as applicable) corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each 
Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall Redemption 
Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be payable in respect 
of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Autocall 
Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) 
below (as applicable): 
(i) 
Without Barrier 
This paragraph 1.3(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'Without Barrier' in the 
Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) or (B) 
below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below (as applicable):  
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (I) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on 
the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (II) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3(c)(i)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(ii) 
Without Barrier (Inverse) with High Strike

--- Page 93 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
92 
 
This paragraph 1.3(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'Without Barrier (Inverse) 
with High Strike' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) or (B) 
below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (0; 
IP − Final Performance
IP − Strike Percentage); or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (I) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on 
the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (II) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3(c)(ii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
(iii) 
Without Barrier with Downside Participation 
This paragraph 1.3(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'Without Barrier with 
Downside Participation' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) or (B) 
below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Max [0; Calculation Amount × (PP + (DPP ×Final Return))]; or 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (I) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on 
the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (II) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, then the 
Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3(c)(iii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance.

--- Page 94 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
93 
 
1.4 
Yield Enhancement Products with Stability Note Payout 
This paragraph 1.4 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the Yield 
Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'Stability Note' in the Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount and/or the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) pursuant to, 
respectively, paragraph (i) or (ii) below, as applicable, PROVIDED THAT if 'Multiple Coupon 
Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, there shall be more than one Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates and either the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions (paragraph (i) below) or 
the Conditional Coupon Provisions (paragraph (ii) below) shall apply to each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount payable in respect 
of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Amount. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates in respect of which 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference to 'in respect of each Coupon 
Payment Date' in the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions (including in respect of 
each of the definitions required for the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions) shall be 
deemed to be a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
(ii) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
no Conditional Coupon Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in 
respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling 
immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Stability Disruption Barrier Event has not occurred at any time on or prior to 
such Coupon Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Stability Disruption Barrier Event has occurred at any time on or prior to such 
Coupon Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero.  
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these 
Conditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates in respect of which 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference to 'in respect of each Coupon 
Payment Date' in the Conditional Coupon Provisions (including in respect of each of the 
definitions required for the Conditional Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to be a 
reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates'.

--- Page 95 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
94 
 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not Applicable – the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the Yield 
Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'Stability Note' in the Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph 1.4(c)(i) or 
1.4(c)(ii) below (as applicable). 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:  
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎(0; 𝑖𝑛[CP; X + LF × (Relevant SPL + Y)]);  or 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of 
the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be equal to the Calculation 
Amount. 
1.5 
Yield Enhancement Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products for which 
the Payout Style is specified to be 'Yield Enhancement Products' in the Issue Terms: 
"Autocall Coupon Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the amount specified 
as such in the Issue Terms. 
"American Barrier Yield Enhancement Product" means each Product in respect of which the Yield 
Enhancement Product Style is specified in the Issue Terms as any of 'American Barrier', 'American 
Barrier with Return', 'American Barrier with Protection', 'American Barrier with Inverse Participation', 
'American Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike' or 'American Barrier with Increased 
Downside Risk'. 
"Autocall Basket Performance" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Relevant Autocall Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level
 
"Autocall Event" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Autocall Observation Period' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in respect 
of an Autocall Observation Date (and an Autocall Event shall be deemed to have occurred in 
respect of an Autocall Observation Date if), either (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date is either (1) above or (2) at or above (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; 
or 
(B) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date is either (1) below or (2) at or below (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; 
or

--- Page 96 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
95 
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C) or (D) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) on such Autocall Observation Date is either (1) 
above or (2) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger 
Basket Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(B) 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) on such Autocall Observation Date is either (1) 
below or (2) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger 
Basket Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(C) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) on such Autocall Observation Date 
are either (1) above or (2) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; 
or 
(D) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) on such Autocall Observation Date 
are either (1) below or (2) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; 
or 
(b) 
if 'Autocall Observation Period' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in respect of 
an Autocall Observation Period (and an Autocall Event shall be deemed to have occurred in 
respect of an Autocall Observation Period if) either (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of any Autocall Period 
Observation Date falling in such Autocall Observation Period is either (1) above 
or (2) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in 
respect of such Autocall Observation Period; or 
(B) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of any Autocall Period 
Observation Date falling in such Autocall Observation Period is either (1) below 
or (2) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in 
respect of such Autocall Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C) or (D) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) on any Common Autocall Period Observation Date 
falling in such Autocall Observation Period is either (1) above or (2) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Basket Level in respect of 
such Autocall Observation Period; or 
(B) 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) on any Common Autocall Period Observation Date 
falling in such Autocall Observation Period is either (1) below or (2) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Basket Level in respect of 
such Autocall Observation Period; or 
(C) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) on any Common Autocall Period 
Observation Date falling in such Autocall Observation Period are either (1) above 
or (2) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Autocall 
Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Period; or

--- Page 97 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
96 
 
(D) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) on any Common Autocall Period 
Observation Date falling in such Autocall Observation Period are either (1) below 
or (2) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Autocall 
Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Period. 
"Autocall Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Autocall Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Autocall Fixing Leveli" means the Autocall Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or an Autocall Period 
Observation Date (as applicable) and an Underlying, the Level of such Underlying specified as such in 
the Issue Terms in respect of such Autocall Observation Date or such Autocall Period Observation Date 
(as applicable). 
"Autocall Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation Date(s) in the 
Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation Date(s) in the 
Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying. 
"Autocall Observation Period" means, if specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, each period 
specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Period Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day 
falling in the relevant Autocall Observation Period. 
"Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, one of the 
following: 
(a) 
the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or

--- Page 98 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
97 
 
(b) 
if 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount plus Autocall Coupon Amount' is specified in the Issue 
Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum of the Fixed 
Autocall Redemption Amount in respect of such Autocall Redemption Date and the Autocall 
Coupon Amount in respect of such Autocall Redemption Date; or 
(c) 
if 'High Watermark Autocallable' is specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (MERP; Autocall Basket Performance) 
"Autocall Redemption Date" means, in respect of either (a) an Autocall Observation Date on which an 
Autocall Event has occurred or (b) an Autocall Observation Period in respect of which an Autocall Event 
has occurred, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the date specified as an 'Autocall Redemption Date' in the Issue Terms that falls immediately 
after such Autocall Observation Date or such Autocall Observation Period (as applicable); or 
(b) 
if an Autocall Redemption Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date or such Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Table" the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or an Autocall 
Observation Period (as applicable) and a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified in respect of such Autocall Observation 
Date or such Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or an Autocall Observation 
Period (as applicable) and an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of either (a) the Initial 
Fixing Level or (b) the Strike Level (as specified in the Issue Terms) of such Underlying as specified in 
respect of such Autocall Observation Date or such Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Event" means (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the following 
(as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of European Barrier Yield Enhancement Products, one of the following (as specified 
in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; or

--- Page 99 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
98 
 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C), (D), (E), 
(F) or (G) below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if specified 
in the Issue Terms) is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if specified 
in the Issue Terms) is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
(C) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (I) below or (II) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level; or 
(D) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (I) above or (II) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level; or 
(E) 
the Final Fixing Level of (I) at least one Underlying is either (1) below or (2) at 
or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level; and (II) 
none of the Underlyings are either (1) above or (2) at or above (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) its respective Target Level; or 
(F) 
the Final Fixing Level of (I) at least one Underlying is either (1) above or (2) at 
or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level; and (II) 
none of the Underlyings are either (1) below or (2) at or below (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) its respective Target Level; or 
(G) 
if Barrier Event is specified as 'Multichance Barrier Event' in the Issue Terms, a 
Multichance Barrier Event has occurred; or 
(b) 
in respect of American Barrier Yield Enhancement Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, any of (A) or (B) below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation 
Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(B) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation 
Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C), (D) or (E) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if specified 
in the Issue Terms) is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period; or 
(B) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if specified 
in the Issue Terms) is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period; or

--- Page 100 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
99 
 
(C) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (I) below or (II) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date for such Underlying falling in the Barrier Observation Period; 
or 
(D) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (I) above or (II) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date for such Underlying falling in the Barrier Observation Period; 
or 
(E) 
if Barrier Event is specified as 'Multichance Barrier Event' in the Issue Terms, a 
Multichance Barrier Event has occurred; or  
(c) 
in respect of Products for which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'Stability 
Note' in the Issue Terms, the Stability Performance Level is either (A) below or (B) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Stability Disruption Barrier Percentage on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period (such Barrier Event, a "Stability 
Disruption Barrier Event"). 
"Barrier Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Barrier Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Barrier Fixing Leveli" means the Barrier Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect a Barrier Observation Date and an Underlying, the Level of 
such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial 
Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day falling 
in the relevant Barrier Observation Period.  
"Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying Performance, 
provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying Performance, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such Underlyings shall be deemed to be 
the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Calculated Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon 
Observation Period immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 101 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
100 
 
Calculation Amount x Coupon Rate i x 
n
N 
Where: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i" relating to 
Coupon Observation Period "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment Date and 
corresponding Coupon Observation Period;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of Exchange Business Days in the Coupon 
Observation Period immediately prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date on which a Daily 
Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has occurred. 
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the total number of Exchange Business Days during the 
Coupon Observation Period immediately prior to the Relevant Coupon Observation Date. 
"Cap" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"CP" or "Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Common Autocall Period Observation Date" means, in respect of a Product linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and an Autocall Observation Period, each day falling in such Autocall Observation Period 
that is an Autocall Period Observation Date for each of the Underlyings in such basket of Underlyings. 
"Common Lock-In Event" means, (and a Common Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
if), in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and a basket of Underlyings, the Lock-In Fixing Level of 
all Underlying's on such Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above, (ii) at or above, (iii) below or (iv) 
at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Lock-In Barrier Level in respect of such 
Lock-In Observation Date. 
"Conditional Coupon Amount" means, if 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the amount determined in accordance with paragraphs 1.1(a)(i), 1.2(a)(i) 
and 1.3(a)(i) of these Payout Conditions. 
"Conditional Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraphs 1.1(a)(i), 1.2(a)(i) and 1.3(a)(i) 
of these Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Coupon Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Coupon Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Coupon Fixing Leveli" means the Coupon Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and

--- Page 102 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
101 
 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, the Level 
of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Coupon Payment Date, one of 
the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation Date(s) in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation Date(s) in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying. 
"Coupon Observation Period": means each period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date or Coupon Observation 
Period, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, each percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and a basket of 
Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings 
as specified in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date (and a Coupon Trigger Event 
shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date if), one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms:

--- Page 103 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
102 
 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified in the 
Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date is either 
(A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger Level 
in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date is either 
(A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger Level 
in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms):  
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if specified in 
the Issue Terms) on such Coupon Observation Date is either (A) above or (B) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger Basket Level in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if specified in 
the Issue Terms) on such Coupon Observation Date is either (A) below or (B) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger Basket Level in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Date; or 
(iii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) on such Coupon Observation Date are either (A) above or 
(B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Coupon Trigger Level 
in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or  
(iv) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) on such Coupon Observation Date are either (A) below or 
(B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Coupon Trigger Level 
in respect of such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Trigger Level" means in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, each 
amount equal to the percentage of either (a) the Initial Fixing Level or (b) the Strike Level (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) of such Underlying as specified in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"CPP" or "Protection Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to 
the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount" means, if 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions' are 
specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the amount determined in accordance with paragraphs 
1.1(a)(ii), 1.2(a)(ii) and 1.3(a)(ii) of these Payout Conditions. 
"Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraphs 1.1(a)(ii), 1.2(a)(ii) and 
1.3(a)(ii) of these Payout Conditions, as applicable.  
"Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Period (and 
a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Period if), one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified in the 
Issue Terms):

--- Page 104 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
103 
 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on an Exchange Business Day during such 
Coupon Observation Period is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) the Lower Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Period; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on an Exchange Business Day during such 
Coupon Observation Period is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) the Lower Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Period AND (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Upper 
Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if specified in 
the Issue Terms) on an Exchange Business Day during such Coupon Observation Period 
is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Lower Coupon 
Trigger Basket Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if specified in 
the Issue Terms) on an Exchange Business Day during such Coupon Observation Date 
is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Lower Coupon 
Trigger Basket Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date AND either (A) below 
or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Upper Coupon Trigger Basket 
Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Period; or 
(iii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) on an Exchange Business Day during such Coupon 
Observation Date are either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
their respective Lower Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Period; or  
(iv) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Issue Terms) on an Exchange Business Day during such Coupon 
Observation Date are either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
their respective Lower Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Period AND either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Upper Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Period. 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"DPP" or "Downside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"European Barrier Yield Enhancement Product" means products in respect of which the Yield 
Enhancement Product Style is specified in the Issue Terms as any of 'European Barrier', 'European 
Barrier with Return', 'European Barrier with Protection', 'European Barrier with Inverse Participation', 
'European Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike' or 'European Barrier with Downside Risk'. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and:

--- Page 105 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
104 
 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying in respect 
of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying in 
respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as specified in the 
Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as specified in the 
Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
(iii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) 
(iv) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or

--- Page 106 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
105 
 
(v) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
 
(vi) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
 
"Final Return" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant 
formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
for Products linked to a single Underlying, in respect of such Underlying a percentage 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Initial Fixing Level
 
(b) 
for Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level(Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
 
(c) 
for Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best) −Strike Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best)
 
"Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the amount 
specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon Payment Date, 
Provided that if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, then the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be multiplied by FX Performance. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraph 1.1(a)(iii), 1.2(a)(iii), 
1.3(a)(iii) or 1.4(a)(i) of these Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"FRP" or "Final Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, 
subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"FX Performance" means, in respect of any date, a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
FX Rate (t)
FX Rate (Initial) 
"FX Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying and any date, an exchange rate expressed as a number of 
units of the Settlement Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) per one unit of the Underlying Currency 
which appears on the Price Source at FX Rate Valuation Time, as determined by the Calculation Agent,

--- Page 107 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
106 
 
PROVIDED THAT if the Underlying Currency is the same as the Settlement Currency the FX Rate for 
such Underlying shall be deemed to be 1 (one). 
"FX Rate (Final)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the FX Rate in respect of such Underlying and 
the Final Fixing Date. 
"FX Rate (Initial)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the rate specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"FX Rate (t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, FX Rate (Initial) in respect of such 
Underlying; or 
(b) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is neither the Initial Fixing Date nor the Final Fixing Date, the FX 
Rate in respect of such Underlying and such Scheduled Trading Day t, provided that if 
Scheduled Trading Day t is a Disrupted Day then the FX Rate in respect of such day shall be 
the rate determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and taking into consideration all factors it considers appropriate (which may 
include, amongst other things, the last available published rate); or 
(c) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Final Fixing Date, FX Rate (Final) in respect of such 
Underlying. 
"FX Rate Valuation Time" means, in respect of the FX Rate and an Underlying, the time specified as 
such in the Issue Terms. 
"Highest Recorded Performance" means, in respect of an Optimal Tracker Observation Date, the 
highest Underlying Performance observed on any Optimal Tracker Observation Date.  
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable) 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"IP" or "Inverse Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 108 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
107 
 
"LF" or "Leverage Factor" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such amount 
is specified to be indicative, such amount as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking 
into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum amount 
and, if applicable, the maximum amount specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, an amount 
equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in respect of such 
Lock-In Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such 
percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing 
market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Lock-In Event" means, (and a Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying 
on a Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above, (ii) at or above, (iii) below or (iv) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Lock-In Barrier Level in respect of such Lock-In 
Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified in 
the Issue Terms):  
(i) 
a Common Lock-In Event has occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and the 
basket of Underlyings; or 
(ii) 
a Single Lock-In Event has occurred in respect of each Underlying on at least one Lock-
In Observation Date. The Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred on the first 
Lock-In Observation Date in respect of which a Single Lock-In Event has occurred for 
all Underlyings. 
"Lock-In Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, the Level 
of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Lock-In Observation Date. 
"Lock-In Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Lock-In Observation Date(s) in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Lock-In Observation Date(s) in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying. 
"Lock-In Provisions" means the provisions of proviso (1) of paragraph 1.1(c)(i) or 1.2(c)(i) of these 
Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"Lower Coupon Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Period and a basket 
of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings 
as specified in respect of such Coupon Observation Period in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is

--- Page 109 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
108 
 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Lower Coupon Trigger Level" means in respect of a Coupon Observation Period and an Underlying, 
each amount equal to the percentage of either (a) the Initial Fixing Level or (b) the Strike Level (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) of such Underlying as specified in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Period in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on 
the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"MERP" or "Minimum Early Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Multichance Barrier Event" means (and a Multichance Barrier Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if), one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of European Barrier Yield Enhancement Products, if the Final Fixing Level of a 
number of Underlyings at least equal to the Specified Multichance Barrier Number of 
Underlyings are either (i) above, (ii) at or above, (iii) below or (iv) at or below (as specified in 
the Issue Terms) their respective Barrier Levels; or 
(b) 
in respect of American Barrier Yield Enhancement Products, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified 
in the Issuer Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of a Barrier Observation Date in the Barrier Observation Period, the Barrier 
Fixing Level of a number of Underlyings at least equal to the Specified Multichance 
Barrier Number of Underlyings are either (i) above, (ii) at or above, (iii) below or (iv) at 
or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respect Barrier Levels; or 
(ii) 
the number of Underlyings in respect of which the Barrier Fixing Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date in the Barrier Observation Period has been either (i) above, (ii) at or 
above, (iii) below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respect Barrier 
Levels is at least equal to the Specified Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings. 
"Optimal Tracker Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day.  
"PP" or "Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to 
the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of the FX Rate and an Underlying, the price source, providing the 
relevant price of the FX Rate for such Underlying, specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Relevant Autocall Fixing Basket Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to (a) the Autocall Fixing Basket Level 
corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date in respect of which the Autocall Event occurred divided 
by (b) the Initial Fixing Basket Level. 
"Relevant SPL" or "Relevant Stability Performance Level" means the Stability Performance Level in 
respect of the first Barrier Observation Date in respect of which a Stability Disruption Barrier Event has 
occurred.

--- Page 110 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
109 
 
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Set of Coupon Payment Dates" means one or more Coupon Payment Dates specified in the Issue 
Terms as belonging to the same "set" of Coupon Payment Dates. Each Set of Coupon Payment Dates 
shall be referred to in the Issue Terms as 'Coupon Payment Date Set i' where 'i' is a number from 1 (one) 
up to the total number of distinct Sets of Coupon Payment Dates. In respect of each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates either the Conditional Coupon Provisions or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions 
shall be specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Single Lock-In Event" means, (and a Single Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), in 
respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying in a basket of Underlyings, the Lock-In Fixing 
Level of such Underlying on such Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above, (ii) at or above, (iii) 
below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Lock-In Barrier Level for such Underlying 
in respect of such Lock-In Observation Date. 
"Specified Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Specified Conditional Coupon' in the Issue Terms, 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate; or 
(b) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Memory Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:  
Calculation Amount × [ ∑Coupon Ratei
N
i=n+1
] 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment Date;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date on which a 
Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, 
provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment 
Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" shall be zero.  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon Observation 
Date.  
(c) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Layered Memory Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × [ ∑Coupon Ratei
N
i=n+1
] × T 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment Date;

--- Page 111 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
110 
 
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date on which a 
Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, 
provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment 
Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" shall be zero;  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon Observation 
Date; 
"T" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the number of times that a Coupon Trigger 
Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in respect of each Coupon 
Trigger Level;  
(d) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Layered Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formulae: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × T 
IN EACH CASE PROVIDED THAT if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
then the Specified Coupon Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with the formula above (as applicable) multiplied by FX Performance. 
"Specified Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings" means the number specified as such in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Stability Disruption Barrier Event" has the meaning given to such term in the definition of "Barrier 
Event". 
"Stability Disruption Barrier Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, 
subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Stability Performance Level" means, in respect of a Barrier Observation Date (the "Relevant BOD") 
and an Underlying, a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(
Barrier Fixing Level
Preceding Barrier Fixing Level) −1 
Where:  
"Preceding Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Relevant BOD and an Underlying, 
the Barrier Fixing Level of such Underlying on the Barrier Observation Date immediately 
preceding the Relevant BOD (or, if the Relevant BOD is the first Barrier Observation Date, 
the Underlying Trading Day immediately preceding the Relevant BOD). 
"Strike Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, any of (a), (b) or (c) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as 
specified in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage 
as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms; 
(b) 
the Initial Fixing Basket Level; or 
(c) 
the Strike Basket Level.

--- Page 112 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
111 
 
"Strike Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, any of (a), (b) or (c) below (as specified in 
the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in 
the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying; or 
(c) 
the Strike Level of such Underlying. 
"Strike Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, any of (i) or (ii) below (as specified in the 
Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Level; 
(ii) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Level; 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or (vi) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if specified in the 
Issue Terms) is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the 
Strike Barrier Basket Level; 
(ii) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if specified in the 
Issue Terms) is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the 
Strike Barrier Basket Level; 
(iii) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(iv) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(v) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying of all Underlyings (excluding 
the Target One Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (A) below or (B) at 
or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(vi) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Issue Terms) is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier Level. 
"Strike Level (Best)" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying.  
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 113 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
112 
 
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage 
is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"T" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the number of times that a Coupon Trigger Event 
has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in respect of each Coupon Trigger Level. 
"Target Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial 
Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Target One Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Target One Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the Issue 
Terms, 
(a) 
each Underlying Trading Day falling in the relevant Target One Barrier Observation Period; or 
(b) 
the day(s) specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Target One Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Target One Event" means (and Target One Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), any of (a), (b), 
(c) or (d) below (as specified in the Issue Terms):  
(a) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Target One Underlying is (i) above, (ii) at or above, (iii) below or 
(iv) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Target One Barrier Level; or 
(b) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is (i) above, (ii) at or above, (iii) below or (iv) 
at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Target One Barrier Level; or 
(c) 
the Target One Fixing Level of the Target One Underlying is (i) above, (ii) at or above, (iii) 
below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Target One Barrier Level on any 
Target One Barrier Observation Date; or 
(d) 
the Target One Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is (i) above, (ii) at or above, (iii) below 
or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Target One Barrier Level on 
any Target One Barrier Observation Date. 
"Target One Fixing Level" means, in respect a Target One Barrier Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Target One Underlying" means, the Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms or if no 
Underlying is specified, not applicable. 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant Underlying 
Specific Conditions. 
"Upper Coupon Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Period and a basket 
of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings 
as specified in respect of such Coupon Observation Period in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion,

--- Page 114 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
113 
 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Upper Coupon Trigger Level" means in respect of a Coupon Observation Period and an Underlying, 
each amount equal to the percentage of either (a) the Initial Fixing Level or (b) the Strike Level (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) of such Underlying as specified in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Period in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on 
the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying Performance, 
provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying Performance, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such Underlyings shall be deemed to be 
the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"X" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be 
indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account 
prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if 
applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Y" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be 
indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account 
prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if 
applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Yield Enhancement Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: 'European Barrier', 'European Barrier with Return', 'European Barrier with 
Protection', 'European Barrier with Optimal Tracker', 'European Barrier with Inverse Participation', 
'European Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike', 'European Barrier with Increased 
Downside Risk', 'American Barrier', 'American Barrier with Return', 'American Barrier with Protection', 
'American Barrier with Inverse Participation', 'American Barrier with Inverse Participation and High 
Strike', 'American Barrier with Increased Downside Risk', 'Without Barrier', 'Without Barrier (Inverse) 
with High Strike', 'Without Barrier with Downside Participation' or 'Stability Note'.  
"Yield Enhancement Without Barrier Product" means Products in respect of which the Yield 
Enhancement Product Style is specified in the Issue Terms as either 'Without Barrier', 'Without Barrier 
(Inverse) with High Strike' or 'Without Barrier with Downside Participation'.

--- Page 115 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
114 
 
2. 
Twin Win Products 
This paragraph 2 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the Payout Style 
is specified to be 'Twin Win Products' in the Issue Terms. 
2.1 
Twin Win Products with European Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 2.1 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all European Barrier Twin Win Products. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be the Conditional 
Coupon Amount (if any) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to, respectively, 
paragraph (i) or (ii) below, as applicable: 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in 
respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling 
immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon 
Payment Date shall be zero. 
(ii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount payable in respect 
of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
and if an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount (if any) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable 
on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date (or if no such 
date, the Coupon Payment Date falling most recently prior to the relevant Autocall Redemption 
Date) shall be the final Conditional Coupon Amount or final Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Amount (as applicable) payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation 
Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to the 
Autocall Observation Date on which the Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption 
Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the Conditions 
specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the same date as the 
Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the Autocall Observation Date

--- Page 116 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
115 
 
corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each Product shall be redeemed on the 
Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall Redemption Date) at the Autocall 
Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Autocall 
Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as applicable) in accordance 
with the Twin Win Product Style and paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
European Barrier (Bullish) 
This paragraph 2.1(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Twin Win Product Style is specified to be 'European Barrier (Bullish)' in 
the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
(1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×(TWP − Final Performance); or 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, and 
(I) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(II) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Min (Final Performance; CP); or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below (as applicable):  
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with (I) or (II) below (as 
applicable): 
(I) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or

--- Page 117 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
116 
 
(II) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (Final Performance; FP); or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (I) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on 
the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (II) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
(ii) 
European Barrier (Bearish) 
This paragraph 2.1(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Twin Win Product Style is specified to be 'European Barrier (Bearish)' in 
the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
(1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred and:  
(I) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (TWP −Final Performance); or 
(II) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Min [(TWP −Final Performance); CP] 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below:  
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined in accordance with (I) or (II) below (as 
applicable): 
(I) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Max [0; Calculation Amount × (IP −Final Performance)]; or

--- Page 118 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
117 
 
(II) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (IP −Final Performance; FP); or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (I) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on 
the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (II) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
2.2 
Twin Win Products with American Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 2.2 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all American Barrier Twin Win Products. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be the Conditional 
Coupon Amount (if any) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to, respectively, 
paragraph (i) or (ii) below, as applicable: 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in 
respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling 
immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon 
Payment Date shall be zero. 
(ii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount payable in respect 
of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
and if an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount (if any) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable 
on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date (or if no such 
date, the Coupon Payment Date falling most recently prior to the relevant Autocall Redemption 
Date) shall be the final Conditional Coupon Amount or final Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Amount (as applicable) payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation 
Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the

--- Page 119 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
118 
 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to the 
Autocall Observation Date on which the Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption 
Amount.  
If the Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date shall be the Redemption Date, 
and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the Autocall Observation Date corresponding to such 
final Autocall Redemption Date, each Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date 
(which is also the final Autocall Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no 
further amounts shall be payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Autocall 
Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as applicable) in accordance 
with the Twin Win Product Style and paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
American Barrier (Bullish) 
This paragraph 2.2(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Twin Win Product Style is specified to be 'American Barrier (Bullish)' in 
the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance (1) 
or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (TWP −Final Performance); or 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, and: 
(I) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(II)  
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Min (Final Performance; CP); or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below: 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance (I) or (II) below (as 
applicable):

--- Page 120 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
119 
 
(I) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(II) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (Final Performance; FP); or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement or Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms and: 
(I) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption 
Amount, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(II) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf 
of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with 
General Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual Cash 
Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
(ii) 
American Barrier (Bearish) 
This paragraph 2.2(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Twin Win Product Style is specified to be 'American Barrier (Bearish)' in 
the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
(1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred and: 
(I) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount×(TWP −Final Performance); or 
(II) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Min [(TWP −Final Performance);CP]

--- Page 121 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
120 
 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below: 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance (I) or (II) below (as 
applicable): 
(I) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Max [0; Calculation Amount × (IP −Final Performance)]; or 
(II) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (IP −Final Performance; FP); or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (I) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on 
the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (II) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
2.3 
Twin Win Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products for which 
the Payout Style is specified to be 'Twin Win Products' in the Issue Terms: 
"American Barrier Twin Win Product" means Products in respect of which the Twin Win Product 
Style is specified in the Issue Terms as either 'American Barrier (Bullish)' or 'American Barrier (Bearish)'. 
"Autocall Coupon Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the amount specified 
as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Event" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date (and an Autocall Event shall be 
deemed to have occurred in respect of such Autocall Observation Date if), one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified in the 
Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall Observation 
Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall 
Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall Observation 
Date is either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall 
Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms):

--- Page 122 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
121 
 
(i) 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level on such Autocall Observation Date is either (i) above 
or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Basket Level in 
respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level on such Autocall Observation Date is either (i) below 
or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Basket Level in 
respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(iii) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Autocall Observation Date are 
either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective 
Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(iv) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Autocall Observation Date are 
either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective 
Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Autocall Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Autocall Fixing Leveli" means the Autocall Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation Date(s) in the 
Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation Date(s) in the 
Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying. 
"Autocall Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an Underlying, the Level 
of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, either (a) the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms or (b) if 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount plus Autocall

--- Page 123 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
122 
 
Coupon Amount' is specified in the Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as 
being equal to the sum of the Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount in respect of such Autocall 
Redemption Date and the Autocall Coupon Amount in respect of such Autocall Redemption Date.  
"Autocall Redemption Date" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date on which an Autocall 
Event has occurred, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the date specified as an 'Autocall Redemption Date' in the Issue Terms that falls immediately 
after such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(b) 
if an Autocall Redemption Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Table" the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and a basket of 
Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings 
as specified in respect of such Autocall Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an Underlying, an 
amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in respect of 
such Autocall Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, 
such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing 
market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Event" means (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the following 
(as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of European Barrier Twin Win Products, one of the following (as specified in the 
Issue Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C) or (D) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or

--- Page 124 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
123 
 
(C) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) below or (II) at or 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level; or 
(D) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) above or (II) at or 
above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level; or 
(b) 
in respect of American Barrier Twin Win Products, one of the following as specified in the Issue 
Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation 
Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(B) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation 
Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C) or (D) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier Observation 
Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(B) 
 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier Observation 
Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(C) 
 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) below or (II) 
at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level on any 
Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period; or 
(D) 
 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) above or (II) 
at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level on any 
Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period. 
"Barrier Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Barrier Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Barrier Fixing Leveli" means the Barrier Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect a Barrier Observation Date and an Underlying, the Level of 
such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 125 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
124 
 
"Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial 
Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day falling 
in the relevant Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying Performance, 
provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying Performance, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such Underlyings shall be deemed to be 
the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Cap" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Conditional Coupon Amount" means, if 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the amount determined in accordance with paragraphs 2.1(a)(i) and 
2.2(a)(i) of these Payout Conditions. 
"Conditional Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraph 2.1(a)(i) and 2.2(a)(i) of these 
Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 15 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Coupon Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Coupon Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Coupon Fixing Leveli" means the Coupon Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, the Level 
of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Coupon Payment Date, one of 
the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation Date(s) in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all

--- Page 126 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
125 
 
Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation Date(s) in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, each percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and a basket of 
Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings 
as specified in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date (and a Coupon Trigger Event 
shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date if), one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified in the 
Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date is either 
(A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger Level 
in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date is either 
(A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger Level 
in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms):  
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level on such Coupon Observation Date is either (A) above 
or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger Basket Level in 
respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level on such Coupon Observation Date is either (A) below 
or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger Basket Level in 
respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or

--- Page 127 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
126 
 
(iii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date are either 
(A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Coupon 
Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or  
(iv) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date are either 
(A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Coupon 
Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Trigger Level" means in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, each 
amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in respect of 
such Coupon Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, 
such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing 
market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"CP" or "Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"European Barrier Twin Win Product" means Products in respect of which the Twin Win Product 
Style is specified in the Issue Terms as either 'European Barrier (Bullish)' or 'European Barrier (Bearish)'. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying in respect 
of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying in 
respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as specified in the 
Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or

--- Page 128 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
127 
 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as specified in the 
Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
(iii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) 
(iv) 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(v) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
 
(vi) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
 
"Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the amount 
specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon Payment Date. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraph 2.1(a)(ii) or 2.2(a)(ii) of 
these Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"Floor" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"FP" or "Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable)

--- Page 129 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
128 
 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"IP" or "Inverse Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Specified Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Specified Conditional Coupon' in the Issue Terms, 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate; or 
(b) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Memory Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:  
Calculation Amount × [ ∑Coupon Ratei
N
i=n+1
] 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment Date;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date on which a 
Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment Date,

--- Page 130 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
129 
 
provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment 
Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" shall be zero.  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon Observation 
Date.  
"Strike Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Level (Best)" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying.  
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying.  
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Twin Win Event" means, (and a Twin Win Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Initial Fixing Level; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms):  
(i) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) the Initial Fixing Basket Level;  
(ii) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Initial Fixing Level;  
(iii) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at 
or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Initial Fixing Level; or 
(iv) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at 
or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Initial Fixing Level. 
"Twin Win Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified in the 
Issue Terms: 'European Barrier (Bullish)', 'European Barrier (Bearish)', 'American Barrier (Bullish)' or 
'American Barrier (Bearish)'. 
"TWP" or "Twin Win Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant Underlying 
Specific Conditions. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying Performance, 
provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying Performance, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such Underlyings shall be deemed to be 
the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 131 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
130 
 
3. 
Fixed Redemption Products 
This paragraph 3 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the Payout Style 
is specified to be 'Fixed Redemption' in the Issue Terms. 
3.1 
Fixed Redemption Products Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in respect of each 
Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling immediately prior to such 
Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon 
Payment Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph (i) or 
(ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date, the 
Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Coupon 
Amount; or 
(ii) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date, 
the Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero, 
PROVIDED THAT, if an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, 
the Coupon Amount (if any) payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant 
Autocall Redemption Date (or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date falling immediately 
prior to the relevant Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final Coupon Amount payable in 
respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation 
Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to the 
Autocall Observation Date on which the Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption 
Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the Conditions 
specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the same date as the 
Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the Autocall Observation Date 
corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each Product shall be redeemed on the 
Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall Redemption Date) at the Autocall 
Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be payable in respect of such Products.  
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Autocall 
Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date at the Redemption Amount, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP

--- Page 132 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
131 
 
3.2 
Fixed Redemption Products Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products for which 
the Payout Style is specified to be 'Fixed Redemption Products' in the Issue Terms: 
"Autocall Event" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date (and an Autocall Event shall be 
deemed to have occurred in respect of such Autocall Observation Date if), one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall Observation Date is 
either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level 
in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(b) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Autocall Observation Date are either (i) 
above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Autocall Trigger Level 
in respect of such Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation Date(s) in the 
Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation Date(s) in the 
Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying. 
"Autocall Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an Underlying, the Level 
of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Autocall Redemption Date" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date on which an Autocall 
Event has occurred, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the date specified as an 'Autocall Redemption Date' in the Issue Terms that falls immediately 
after such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(b) 
if an Autocall Redemption Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Table" the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an Underlying, an 
amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in respect of

--- Page 133 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
132 
 
such Autocall Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, 
such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing 
market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, the Level 
of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Coupon Payment Date, one of 
the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation Date(s) in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation Date(s) in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date (and a Coupon Trigger Event 
shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date if), one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date is either (i) above 
or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Date; or

--- Page 134 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
133 
 
(b) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date are either (i) 
above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Coupon Trigger Level 
in respect of such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Trigger Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, an amount 
equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such 
percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing 
market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.  
"PP" or "Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to 
the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Specified Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Coupon Style' is specified as 'Specified Conditional Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate; or 
(b) 
if 'Coupon Style' is specified as 'Memory Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × [ ∑Coupon Ratei
N
i=n+1
] 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment Date;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date on which a 
Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, 
provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment 
Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" shall be zero.  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon Observation 
Date.

--- Page 135 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
134 
 
4. 
Protection Products 
This paragraph 4 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the Payout Style 
is specified to be 'Protection Products' in the Issue Terms. 
4.1 
Protection Products Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in respect of each 
Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling immediately prior to such 
Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon 
Payment Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph (i) or 
(ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date, the 
Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Coupon 
Amount; or 
(ii) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date, 
the Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero, 
PROVIDED THAT, if an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, 
the Coupon Amount (if any) payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant 
Autocall Redemption Date (or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date falling immediately 
prior to the relevant Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final Coupon Amount payable in 
respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation 
Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to the 
Autocall Observation Date on which the Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption 
Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the Conditions 
specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the same date as the 
Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the Autocall Observation Date 
corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each Product shall be redeemed on the 
Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall Redemption Date) at the Autocall 
Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Autocall 
Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product at the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
the applicable Protection Product Style and paragraph (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) below (as 
applicable). 
(i) 
Protection with Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 4.1(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection with Barrier' in the Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 136 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
135 
 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × CPP 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(CA × CPP) + (CA × PP × Final Return) 
(ii) 
Protection with Twin Win Payout 
This paragraph 4.1(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection with Twin Win' in the 
Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and: 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × CPP) + (CA × Final Return (Inverse)); or 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × CPP) + (CA × Final Return) 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (CPP + RCP); or 
(2) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × CPP 
(iii) 
Protection with Twin Win and Low Strike Payout 
This paragraph 4.1(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection with Twin Win and Low 
Strike' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable):

--- Page 137 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
136 
 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and: 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
CA × Final Return (Inverse); or 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
CA × Final Performance 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (CPP + RCP); or 
(2) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × CPP 
(iv) 
Protection with Barrier and Strike Event Payout 
This paragraph 4.1(c)(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection with Barrier and Strike 
Event' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and: 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × CPP; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × CPP) + (CA × PP × Final Return) 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (CPP + RCP); or

--- Page 138 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
137 
 
(2) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × CPP 
(v) 
Protection with Barrier and Upside Participation 
This paragraph 4.1(c)(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection with Barrier and Upside 
Participation' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable) 
(provided that each reference in paragraph (A) or (B) below to "CP" shall be construed 
as "Calculation Amount x CP"): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Min{[(CA ×  PP ×  Final Return)];  CP} or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  CPP; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
CA ×  Final Performance 
(vi) 
Protection without Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 4.1(c)(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection without Barrier' in the 
Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
(1), (2), (3) or (4) below as applicable: 
(1) 
if 'Cap' and 'Floor' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(CA × CPP); or 
(2) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' and 'Floor' is specified to be 'Not 
Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 139 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
138 
 
Min [(CA × CPP); (CA × CP)]; or 
(3) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' and 'Floor' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Max [(CA × CPP); (CA × FP)]; or 
(4) 
if both 'Cap' and 'Floor' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Max{Min[(CA × CPP); (CA × CP)]; (CA × FP)} 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with (1), 
(2), (3) or (4) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Cap' and 'Floor' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:  
(CA × CPP) + (CA × PP × Final Return) 
(2) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Min{[(CA × CPP) +(CA × PP × Final Return)]; (CA × CP)}; or 
(3) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Max{[(CA × CPP) + (CA × PP × Final Return)]; (CA ×FP)}; or 
(4) 
if both 'Cap' and 'Floor' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Max{Min[((CA × CPP) + (CA × PP × Final Return)); (CA ×CP)]; (CA × FP)} 
4.2 
Protection Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products for which 
the Payout Style is specified to be 'Protection Products' in the Issue Terms: 
"Autocall Event" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date (and an Autocall Event shall be 
deemed to have occurred in respect of such Autocall Observation Date if), one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms):  
(i) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall Observation 
Date is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall 
Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or

--- Page 140 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
139 
 
(ii) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Autocall Observation Date are 
either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective 
Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall Observation 
Date is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall 
Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Autocall Observation Date are 
either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective 
Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation Date(s) in the 
Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation Date(s) in the 
Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying. 
"Autocall Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an Underlying, the Level 
of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Autocall Redemption Date" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date on which an Autocall 
Event has occurred, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the date specified as an 'Autocall Redemption Date' in the Issue Terms that falls immediately 
after such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(b) 
if an Autocall Redemption Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Table" the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an Underlying, an 
amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in respect of 
such Autocall Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, 
such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing

--- Page 141 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
140 
 
market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Basket Level" means in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to 
the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Event" means (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), either (a) or (b) below 
(as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms (and Product is not a Protection 
with Twin Win Product), either (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
(B) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) at or above 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation 
Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B), (C) or (D) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (I) above or 
(II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level; or 
(C) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above the Barrier 
Basket Level on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period; or 
(D) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) above or (II) at or 
above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date for such Underlying falling in the Barrier Observation Period; 
or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms or if Product is a Protection 
with Twin Win Product, either (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
(B) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation 
Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B), (C) or (D) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or

--- Page 142 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
141 
 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (I) below or 
(II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level; or 
(C) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or below the Barrier 
Basket Level on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period; or 
(D) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) below or (II) at or 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date for such Underlying falling in the Barrier Observation Period. 
(c) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Absolute' in the Issue Terms either (i) or (ii) below (as 
applicable):  
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) (y) below the Lower Barrier 
Level or (z) at or below the Lower Barrier Level, or (II) (y) above the Upper 
Barrier Level or (z) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Upper Barrier 
Level; or 
(B) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) (y) below the Lower 
Barrier Level or (z) at or below the Lower Barrier Level, or (II) (y) above the 
Upper Barrier Level or (z) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Upper 
Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B) or (C) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms):  
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (I) (y) below 
its respective Lower Barrier Level or (z) at or below its respective Lower Barrier 
Level, or (II) (y) above its respective Upper Barrier Level or (z) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Upper Barrier Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (I) (y) below 
its respective Lower Barrier Level or (z) at or below its respective Lower Barrier 
Level, or (II) (y) above its respective Upper Barrier Level or (z) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Upper Barrier Level; or 
(C) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) (y) below its 
respective Lower Barrier Level or (z) at or below its respective Lower Barrier 
Level, or (II) (y) above its respective Upper Barrier Level or (z) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Upper Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date for such Underlying falling in the Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Barrier Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Barrier Fixing Leveli" means the Barrier Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and

--- Page 143 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
142 
 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, the Level of such Underlying specified as 
such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial 
Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day falling 
in the relevant Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Bearish Final Basket Return" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each Underlying in 
respect of Products for which 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, which shall 
be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × (IP − Final Fixing Leveli
Initial Fixing Leveli
)
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket; 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"IP" means Inverse Percentage; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Bearish Final Basket Return (Strike)" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each 
Underlying in respect of Products for which 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue 
Terms, which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
∑NUCi × (IP − Final Fixing Leveli
Strike Leveli
)
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket; 
"IP" means Inverse Percentage; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"Strike Leveli" means the Strike Level of Underlying "i".

--- Page 144 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
143 
 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying Performance, 
provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying Performance, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such Underlyings shall be deemed to be 
the Best Performing Underlying. 
"CA" means Calculation Amount. 
"Cap" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"CP" or "Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, the Level 
of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Coupon Payment Date, one of 
the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation Date(s) in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation Date(s) in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 145 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
144 
 
"Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date (and a Coupon Trigger Event 
shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date if), either (a) or (b) below 
(as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date is either 
(A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger Level 
in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date are either 
(A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Coupon 
Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date is either 
(A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger Level 
in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date are either 
(A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Coupon 
Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Trigger Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, an amount 
equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such 
percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing 
market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.  
"CPP" or "Protection Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to 
the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Final Basket Return" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each Underlying, which shall 
be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × ( Final Fixing Leveli
Initial Fixing Leveli
 −Strike Percentage)
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket; 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; and  
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing

--- Page 146 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
145 
 
Date, subject to the maximum percentage and, if applicable, the minimum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Basket Return (Strike)" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each Underlying, 
which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × (Final Fixing Leveli
Strike Leveli
 −Strike Percentage)
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"Strike Leveli" means the Strike Level of Underlying "i"; 
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the maximum percentage and, if applicable, the minimum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying in respect 
of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying in 
respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Performance" means either (a), (b), (c) or (d) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, a percentage calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or

--- Page 147 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
146 
 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, a percentage calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level 
(c) 
in respect of Products linked to a Worst Performing Underlying, a percentage calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) ; or 
(d) 
in respect of Products linked to a Best Performing Underlying, a percentage calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) 
"Final Return" means one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms or if Product is a Protection with 
Twin Win Product in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A), (B) or (C) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms by replicating the relevant formula in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Initial Fixing Level)
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Strike Level
; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B), (C), (D) or (E) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms by replicating the relevant formula or text in the 
Issue Terms): 
(A) 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Initial Fixing Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
; or

--- Page 148 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
147 
 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(D) 
the Final Basket Return; or 
(E) 
the Final Basket Return (Strike). 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms and if Product is not a Protection 
with Twin Win Product, either (i) or (ii) below (as applicable):  
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms by replicating the relevant formula in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B), (C) or (D) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms by replicating the relevant formula or text in the Issue 
Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(C) 
Bearish Final Basket Return; or 
(D) 
Bearish Final Basket Return (Strike). 
(c) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Absolute' in the Issue Terms either (i) or (ii) below (as 
applicable):  
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A), (B) or (C) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms by replicating the relevant formula in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Initial Fixing Level)
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:

--- Page 149 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
148 
 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Strike Level
; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B), (C), (D), (E), 
(F), (G) or (H) below (as specified in the Issue Terms by replicating the relevant formula 
or text in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Initial Fixing Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(D) 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Best) −Strike Level (Best))
Initial Fixing Level (Best)
; or 
(E) 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Best) −Strike Level (Best))
Initial Fixing Level (Best)
; or 
(F) 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Best) −Strike Level (Best))
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(G) 
the Final Basket Return; or 
(H) 
the Final Basket Return (Strike), 
PROVIDED THAT, in each case, if Final Return Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms and the percentage determined in accordance with (a), (b) or (c) (as applicable) of 
this definition of Final Return would be greater than the Final Return Cap Percentage, the Final 
Return will be deemed to be equal to the Final Return Cap Percentage. 
"Final Return (Inverse)" means one of the following (as applicable):

--- Page 150 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
149 
 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × (IP − Final Fixing Leveli
Initial Fixing Leveli
)
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket; 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"IP" means Inverse Percentage; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Return Cap" will be specified as either 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Return Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Floor" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"FP" or "Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable) 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and

--- Page 151 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
150 
 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"IP" or "Inverse Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Lower Barrier Level" means the lower barrier level as specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
"PP" or "Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to 
the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Product Direction" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms: 'Bullish', 'Bearish' or 'Absolute'. 
"Protection Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified in the 
Issue Terms: 'Protection with Barrier', 'Protection with Twin Win', 'Protection with Twin Win and Low 
Strike', 'Protection with Barrier and Strike Event' or 'Protection without Barrier'. 
"Protection with Twin Win Product" means each Product in respect of which 'Protection Product Style' 
is specified to be either 'Protection with Twin Win' or 'Protection with Twin Win and Low Strike' in the 
Issue Terms. 
"RCP" or "Rebate Coupon Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and 
if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to 
the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Specified Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Coupon Style' is specified as 'Specified Conditional Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate; or 
(b) 
if 'Coupon Style' is specified as 'Memory Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × ∑ Coupon Ratei
N
i=n+1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment Date;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date on which a 
Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, 
provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment 
Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" shall be zero.

--- Page 152 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
151 
 
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon Observation 
Date.  
"Strike Barrier Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such amount 
is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to 
the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified 
to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into 
account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, 
if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its 
Strike Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B) or (C) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Basket Level; 
(B) 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Amount; or 
(C) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (I) above or 
(II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its 
Strike Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B) or (C) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Basket Level; 
(B) 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Amount; or 
(C) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (I) below or 
(II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier Level. 
"Strike Level (Best)" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 153 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
152 
 
"Twin Win Event" means, (and a Twin Win Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Initial Fixing Level;  
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, the Final Fixing Basket Level is either 
(i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Initial Fixing Basket Level; 
(c) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, the Final Fixing Level of the Worst 
Performing Underlying is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying; or 
(d) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, the Final Fixing Level of the Best 
Performing Underlying is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Upper Barrier Level" means the upper barrier level as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant Underlying 
Specific Conditions. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying Performance, 
provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying Performance, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such Underlyings shall be deemed to be 
the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 154 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
153 
 
5. 
Bonus Products 
This paragraph 5 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the Payout Style 
is specified to be 'Bonus Products' in the Issue Terms. 
5.1 
Bonus Products Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be the Conditional 
Coupon Amount (if any) and/or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to, 
respectively, paragraph (i) or (ii) below, as applicable, PROVIDED THAT if 'Multiple Coupon 
Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, there shall be more than one Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates and either the Conditional Coupon Provisions (paragraph (i) below) or the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Provisions (paragraph (ii) below) shall apply to each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in 
respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling 
immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon 
Payment Date shall be zero. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these 
Conditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates in respect of which 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference to 'in respect of each Coupon 
Payment Date' in the Conditional Coupon Provisions (including in respect of each of the 
definitions required for the Conditional Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to be a 
reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates'. 
(ii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount payable in respect 
of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Amount. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, these Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates in respect of which 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, and each reference to 'in respect of each Coupon 
Payment Date' in the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions (including in respect of 
each of the definitions required for such Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions) shall 
be deemed to be a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates'.

--- Page 155 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
154 
 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable – the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the Payout 
Style is specified to be 'Bonus Products' in the Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product in accordance with the relevant Bonus Product Style and paragraph (i), 
(ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi), (vii), (viii) or (ix) below (as applicable):  
(i) 
European Barrier 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier' in the Issue Terms. 
In respect of such Products the Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
(1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance (Upside), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Upside Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and the Final Performance (Upside) (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) is greater than the Upside Cap Percentage, for the purposes of this Payout 
Condition 5.1(c)(i)(A)(2) only, the Final Performance (Upside) shall be deemed 
to be equal to the Upside Cap Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; Final Performance (Downside)]; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (1) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on 
the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (2) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
(ii) 
European Barrier with Upside Participation 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier with Upside

--- Page 156 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
155 
 
Participation' in the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable):  
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
(1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × UPP × (Final Performance (Upside) − BP)) 
PROVIDED THAT, if Upside Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and the Final Performance (Upside) (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) is greater than the Upside Cap Percentage, for the purposes of this Payout 
Condition 5.1(c)(ii)(A)(2) only, the Final Performance (Upside) shall be deemed 
to be equal to the Upside Cap Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; Final Performance (Downside)]; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (1) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on 
the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (2) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
(iii) 
European Barrier with Downside Participation 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier with Downside 
Participation' in the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and: 
(1) 
a Bonus Event has not occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
a Bonus Event has occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 157 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
156 
 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance (Upside), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Upside Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and the Final Performance (Upside) (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) is greater than the Upside Cap Percentage, for the purposes of this Payout 
Condition 5.1(c)(iii)(A)(2) only, the Final Performance (Upside) shall be deemed 
to be equal to the Upside Cap Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance 
with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable) 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; 1 + (DPP × (Final Performance (Downside) − 1))] 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (1) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on 
the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (2) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
(iv) 
European Barrier with Bonus Cap 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier with Bonus Cap' in 
the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; Final Performance (Downside)]; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (1) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on 
the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (2) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
(v) 
American Barrier with Upside Participation and Normal Performance Participation 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with Upside 
Participation and Normal Performance Participation' in the Issue Terms. In respect of

--- Page 158 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
157 
 
such Products the Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with paragraph (A) or 
(B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
(1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × OPP × (Final Performance (Upside) − BP)), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Outperformance Upside Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' 
in the Issue Terms and the Final Performance (Upside) (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) is greater than the Outperformance Upside Cap Percentage, 
for the purposes of this Payout Condition 5.1(c)(v)(A)(2) only, the Final 
Performance (Upside) shall be deemed to be equal to the Outperformance Upside 
Cap Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; Final Performance (Downside)]; or 
(b) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by (x) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (y) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(2) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date which shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × NPP × (Final Performance − BP)), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Normal Performance Upside Cap is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the Final Performance (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) is greater than the Normal Performance Upside Cap 
Percentage, for the purposes of this Payout Condition 5.1(c)(v)(B)(2) only, the 
Final Performance shall be deemed to be equal to the Normal Performance Upside 
Cap Percentage. 
(vi) 
American Barrier with Upside Participation 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with Upside

--- Page 159 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
158 
 
Participation' in the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
(1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × UPP × (Final Performance (Upside) − BP)), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Upside Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and the Final Performance (Upside) (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) is greater than the Upside Cap Percentage, for the purposes of this Payout 
Condition 5.1(c)(vi)(A)(2) only, the Final Performance (Upside) shall be deemed 
to be equal to the Upside Cap Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; Final Performance (Downside)]; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (x) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on 
the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (y) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
(vii) 
American Barrier with Upside Participation and Downside Participation 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(vii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with Upside 
Participation and Downside Participation' in the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products 
the Settlement Type shall be 'Cash Settlement' and the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and: 
(1) 
a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 160 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
159 
 
(CA × BP) + (CA × UPP × (Final Performance (Upside) − BP)), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Upside Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and the Final Performance (Upside) (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) is greater than the Upside Cap Percentage, for the purposes of this Payout 
Condition 5.1(c)(vii)(A)(2) only, the Final Performance (Upside) shall be deemed 
to be equal to the Upside Cap Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × DPP × (Final Performance (Downside) − BP)); or 
(2) 
a Bonus Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date which shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × NPP × (Final Performance − BP)), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Normal Performance Upside Cap is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the Final Performance (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) is greater than the Normal Performance Upside Cap 
Percentage, for the purposes of this Payout Condition 5.1(c)(vii)(B)(2) only, the 
Final Performance shall be deemed to be equal to the Normal Performance Upside 
Cap Percentage. 
(viii) American Barrier with Bonus Cap 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(viii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with Bonus Cap' in 
the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issue shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount, which shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with either paragraph (I) 
or (II) below (as applicable); 
(I) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; Final Performance (Downside)]; or 
(II) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 161 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
160 
 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (x) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on 
the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (y) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
(ix) 
American Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside Cap 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(ix) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with Upside Cap and 
Downside Cap' in the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and: 
(1) 
a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
a Bonus Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Min [Final Performance (Upside); CP] 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with either paragraph (I) 
or (II) below (as applicable); 
(I) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; Final Performance (Downside)]; or 
(II) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Min [Final Performance; CP] 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (x) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on 
the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (y) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
5.2 
Bonus Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products for which 
the Payout Style is specified to be 'Bonus Products' in the Issue Terms:

--- Page 162 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
161 
 
"American Barrier Bonus Products" means Products in respect of which the Bonus Product Style is 
specified as either 'American Barrier with Upside Participation and Normal Performance Participation', 
'American Barrier with Upside Participation', 'American Barrier with Upside Participation and Downside 
Participation', 'American Barrier with Bonus Cap' or 'American Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside 
Cap'.  
"Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Event" means (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), either (a) or (b) below 
(as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products which are European Barrier Bonus Products, one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (1) below or (2) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
the Barrier Level; or 
(B) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (1) or (2) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(1) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) below or (II) 
at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level; 
or 
(2) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; 
(ii) 
in respect of Products which are American Barrier Bonus Products, one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Barrier Fixing Level of 
the Underlying is either (1) below or (2) at or below (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period; or 
(B) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (1) or (2) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms):  
(1) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) below or 
(II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier 
Level on any Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period; or  
(2) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products which are European Barrier Bonus Products, one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms:

--- Page 163 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
162 
 
(A) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (1) above or (2) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
the Barrier Level; or 
(B) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (1) or (2) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(1) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) above or (II) 
at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level; 
or 
(2) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; 
(ii) 
in respect of Products which are American Barrier Bonus Products, one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Barrier Fixing Level of 
the Underlying is either (1) above or (2) at or above (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period; or 
(B) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (1) or (2) below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms):  
(1) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) above or 
(II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier 
Level on any Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period; or  
(2) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Barrier Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Barrier Fixing Leveli" means the Barrier Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect a Barrier Observation Date and an Underlying, the Level of 
such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial 
Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 164 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
163 
 
"Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day falling 
in the relevant Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying Performance, 
provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying Performance, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such Underlyings shall be deemed to be 
the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Bonus Event" means (and a Bonus Event shall be deemed to have occurred if) one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified to be 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the 
Bonus Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (1) above or 
(2) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Bonus Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (1) above or (2) at or above (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Bonus Basket Level; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified to be 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the 
Bonus Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (1) below or 
(2) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Bonus Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (1) below or (2) at or below (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Bonus Basket Level. 
"Bonus Basket Level" means an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level as 
specified in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on 
the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Bonus Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial 
Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to 
be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into 
account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, 
if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Bonus Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage 
is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 165 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
164 
 
"Bonus Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified in the Issue 
Terms: 'European Barrier', 'European Barrier with Upside Participation', 'European Barrier with 
Downside Participation', 'European Barrier with Bonus Cap', 'American Barrier with Upside 
Participation and Normal Performance Participation', 'American Barrier with Upside Participation', 
'American Barrier with Upside Participation and Downside Participation', 'American Barrier with Bonus 
Cap' and 'American Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside Cap'. 
"BP" means the Bonus Percentage. 
"CA" means Calculation Amount. 
"Conditional Coupon Amount" means, if 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the amount determined in accordance with paragraph 5.1(a)(i) of these 
Payout Conditions. 
"Conditional Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraphs 5.1(a)(i) of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Coupon Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Coupon Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Coupon Fixing Leveli" means the Coupon Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, the Level 
of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Coupon Payment Date, one of 
the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation Date(s) in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation Date(s) in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled

--- Page 166 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
165 
 
Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Coupon Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, each percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and a basket of 
Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings 
as specified in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date (and a Coupon Trigger Event 
shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date if), one of the following 
(as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level on such Coupon Observation Date is either (I) 
above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger 
Basket Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(B) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date 
are either (I) above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified to as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following (as 
specified in the Issue Terms):

--- Page 167 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
166 
 
(A) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level on such Coupon Observation Date is either (I) 
below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Coupon Trigger 
Basket Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(B) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date 
are either (I) below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Trigger Level" means in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, each 
amount equal to the percentage of either (a) the Initial Fixing Level or (b) the Strike Level (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) of such Underlying as specified in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"CP" or "Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"DPP" or "Downside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"European Barrier Bonus Products" means Products in respect of which the Bonus Product Style is 
specified as either 'European Barrier', 'European Barrier with Upside Participation', 'European Barrier 
with Downside Participation' or 'European Barrier with Bonus Cap'. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying in respect 
of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying in 
respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable):

--- Page 168 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
167 
 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
(E) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(F) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms):

--- Page 169 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
168 
 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
"Final Performance (Downside)" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms):

--- Page 170 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
169 
 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Level
 
(E) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(F) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Leve (Best)l ; or

--- Page 171 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
170 
 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
"Final Performance (Upside)" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:

--- Page 172 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
171 
 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level
Strike Fixing Level 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the amount 
specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon Payment Date. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraph 5.1(a)(ii) of these Payout 
Conditions, as applicable. 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (a) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 173 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
172 
 
∑NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"IP" or "Inverse Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"NPP" means the Normal Performance Participation Percentage. 
"Normal Performance Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the 
Issue Terms.  
"Normal Performance Upside Cap" shall be specified as either 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms.  
"Normal Performance Upside Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
"OPP" means the Outperformance Participation Percentage. 
"Outperformance Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the 
Issue Terms.  
"Outperformance Upside Cap" shall be specified as either 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms.  
"Outperformance Upside Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, 
subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue 
Terms.  
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout 
Conditions.

--- Page 174 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
173 
 
"Set of Coupon Payment Dates" means one or more Coupon Payment Dates specified in the Issue 
Terms as belonging to the same "set" of Coupon Payment Dates. Each Set of Coupon Payment Dates 
shall be referred to in the Issue Terms as 'Coupon Payment Date Set i' where 'i' is a number from 1 (one) 
up to the total number of distinct Sets of Coupon Payment Dates. In respect of each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates either the Conditional Coupon Provisions or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions 
shall be specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Specified Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Specified Conditional Coupon' in the Issue Terms, 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate; or 
(b) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Memory Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × [ ∑Coupon Rate1
N
i=n+1
] 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment Date;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date on which a 
Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, 
provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment 
Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" shall be zero.  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon Observation 
Date.  
(c) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Layered Memory Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × [ ∑Coupon Rate1
N
i=n+1
] × T 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment Date;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date on which a 
Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, 
provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment 
Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" shall be zero.

--- Page 175 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
174 
 
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon Observation 
Date. 
"T" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the number of times that a Coupon Trigger 
Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in respect of each Coupon 
Trigger Level. 
(d) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Layered Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × T 
"Strike Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
∑NUCi × Strike Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"Strike Leveli" means the Strike Level of Underlying "i". 
"Strike Level (Best)" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"T" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the number of times that a Coupon Trigger Event 
has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in respect of each Coupon Trigger Level. 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant Underlying 
Specific Conditions. 
"UPP" means the Upside Participation Percentage. 
"Upside Cap" shall be specified to be 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Upside Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Upside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying Performance, 
provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying Performance, then the

--- Page 176 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
175 
 
Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such Underlyings shall be deemed to be 
the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 177 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
176 
 
6. 
Reverse Convertible Products 
This paragraph 6 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the Payout Style 
is specified to be 'Reverse Convertible Product' in the Issue Terms.  
6.1 
Reverse Convertible Product Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall 
be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'Coupon Accrual' in the Issue Terms, the Coupon 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula (where the Calculation Period for the 
purposes of determining the Day Count Fraction is the relevant Coupon Period): 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × DCF; or 
(ii) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount' in the Issue 
Terms, the Coupon Amount shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, the Coupon Amount 
payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date (or if 
no such date, the Coupon Payment Date falling immediately prior to the relevant Autocall 
Redemption Date) shall be the final Coupon Amount payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation 
Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to the 
Autocall Observation Date on which the Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption 
Amount.  
If the Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the 
same date as the Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the Autocall 
Observation Date corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each Product shall be 
redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall Redemption Date) at the 
Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be payable in respect of such 
Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Autocall 
Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product in accordance with the relevant Reverse Convertible Product Style and 
paragraph 6.1(c)(i), 6.1(c)(ii) or 6.1(c)(iii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
Single Underlying 
This paragraph 6.1(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Reverse Convertible Product Style is specified as 'Single Underlying' in the 
Issue Terms. In respect of such Products, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is (x) in respect of Products for which 
Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par Redemption – At or Above

--- Page 178 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
177 
 
OR Performance Redemption – Below' in the Issue Terms, below the Strike Level 
of the Underlying or (y) in respect of Products for which the Redemption 
Determination Style is specified as 'Par Redemption - Above OR Performance 
Redemption – At or Below' in the Issue Terms, at or below the Strike Level of the 
Underlying, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with (1) or (2) 
below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (1) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on 
the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (2) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; 
(B) 
if the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (x) in respect of Products for 
which Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par Redemption – At or 
Above OR Performance Redemption – Below' in the Issue Terms, at or above the 
Strike Level of the Underlying or (y) in respect of Products for which the 
Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par Redemption - Above OR 
Performance Redemption – At or Below' in the Issue Terms, above the Strike 
Level of the Underlying, the Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption 
Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
(ii) 
Basket of Underlyings 
This paragraph 6.1(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Reverse Convertible Product Style is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings' 
in the Issue Terms. In respect of such Products, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is (x) in respect of 
Products for which Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par 
Redemption – At or Above OR Performance Redemption – Below' in the Issue 
Terms, below the Strike Level of such Underlying or (y) in respect of Products 
for which the Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par Redemption - 
Above OR Performance Redemption – At or Below' in the Issue Terms, at or 
below the Strike Level of such Underlying, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (1) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on 
the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (2) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date;

--- Page 179 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
178 
 
(B) 
if the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (x) in 
respect of Products for which Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par 
Redemption – At or Above OR Performance Redemption – Below' in the Issue 
Terms, at or above the Strike Level of such Underlying or (y) in respect of 
Products for which the Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par 
Redemption - Above OR Performance Redemption – At or Below' in the Issue 
Terms, above the Strike Level of such Underlying, the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
(iii) 
Spread Underlying 
This paragraph 6.1(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Reverse Convertible Product Style is specified as 'Spread Underlying' in the 
Issue Terms. In respect of such Products, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
If the Final Spread Level of the Spread Underlying is (x) in respect of Products 
for which Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par Redemption – At 
or Above OR Performance Redemption – Below' in the Issue Terms, below the 
Strike Spread Level of the Spread Underlying or (y) in respect of Products for 
which the Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par Redemption – 
Above OR Performance Redemption – At or Below' in the Issue Terms, at or 
below the Strike Spread Level of the Spread Underlying, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, 
which shall be an amount in the settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×
Final Spread Level
Strike Spread Denominator ; or 
(B) 
if the Final Spread Level of the Spread Underlying is either (x) in respect of 
Products for which Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par 
Redemption – At or Above OR Performance Redemption – Below' in the Issue 
Terms, at or above the Strike Spread Level of the Spread Underlying or (y) in 
respect of Products for which the Redemption Determination Style is specified as 
'Par Redemption – Above OR Performance Redemption – At or Below' in the 
Issue Terms, above the Strike Spread Level of the Spread Underlying, the 
Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount.  
6.2 
Reverse Convertible Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products for which 
the Payout Style is specified to be 'Reverse Convertible Product' in the Issue Terms: 
"Autocall Event" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date (and an Autocall Event shall be 
deemed to have occurred in respect of such Autocall Observation Date if), one of the following (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall Observation Date is 
either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level 
in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; 
(b) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Autocall Observation Date are either (i) 
above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Autocall Trigger Level 
in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(c) 
the Spread of the Spread Underlying in respect of such Autocall Observation Date is either (i) 
above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in respect 
of such Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as applicable):

--- Page 180 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
179 
 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation Date(s) in the 
Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation Date(s) in the 
Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying; or  
(c) 
in respect of Products linked to a Spread Underlying, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation Date(s) in the 
Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for either 
Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day 
for both Underlying 1 and Underlying 2; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation Date(s) in the 
Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying 1 or Underlying 2.  
"Autocall Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an Underlying, the Level 
of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Date" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date on which an Autocall 
Event has occurred, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the date specified as an 'Autocall Redemption Date' in the Issue Terms that falls immediately 
after such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(b) 
if an Autocall Redemption Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Table" the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and: 
(a) 
an Underlying (other than a Spread Underlying), an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial 
Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in respect of such Autocall Observation Date in 
the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the

--- Page 181 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
180 
 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms; or  
(b) 
a Spread Underlying, (a) an amount specified as such in respect of such Autocall Observation 
Date in the Issue Terms or (b) an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Spread Level of 
such Spread Underlying as specified in respect of such Autocall Observation Date in the Issue 
Terms, and if such amount or percentage is specified to be indicative, such amount or percentage 
as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum amount or percentage and, if 
applicable, the maximum amount or percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Coupon Period" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, in respect of a Coupon Payment 
Date (for the purposes of this definition of Coupon Period, the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the 
period beginning on (and including) the immediately preceding Coupon Payment Date (or if the Relevant 
Coupon Payment Date is the first Coupon Payment Date, the Issue Date) and ending on (but excluding) 
the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, and, if the Issue Terms specify that any particular Coupon Period 
shall be (i) 'Adjusted', then each such Coupon Period shall commence on or end on (as applicable) the 
relevant Coupon Payment Date after all adjustments are made (if any) to such Coupon Payment Date in 
accordance with the Conditions, or (ii) 'Unadjusted', then each such Coupon Period shall commence on 
or end on (as applicable) the date on which the relevant Coupon Payment Date is scheduled to fall, 
disregarding any adjustments to such Coupon Payment Date in accordance with the Conditions.  
"Coupon Rate" means the per annum rate specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage 
is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Style" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 'Coupon Accrual' or 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount'. 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction.  
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of the Payout Conditions. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of the Payout Conditions. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"Final Spread Level" means, in respect of a Spread Underlying, the Spread in respect of the Final Fixing 
Date.  
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the amount 
specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon Payment Date. 
"Initial Spread Level" means, in respect of a Spread Underlying, (a) an amount specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, or (b) if none, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:  
Initial Fixing Level of Underlying 1 −Initial Fixing Level of Underlying 2

--- Page 182 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
181 
 
"Redemption Determination Style" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 'Par 
Redemption – At or Above OR Performance Redemption – Below' or 'Par Redemption - Above OR 
Performance Redemption – At or Below'. 
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of the Payout Conditions. 
"Reverse Convertible Product Style" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
'Single Underlying', 'Basket of Underlyings' or 'Spread Underlying'. 
"Spread" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or Final Fixing Date and a Spread 
Underlying and its related Underlying 1 and Underlying 2, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Level of Underlying 1 −Underlying Level of Underlying 2 
"Spread Underlying" means the Spread calculated by reference to Underlying 1 and Underlying 2 and 
specified as an Underlying in the Issue Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Strike Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing 
Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to 
be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into 
account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, 
if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT if 
'Predetermined Strike Level' is specified to be 'Applicable' in respect of the Strike Level in the Issue 
Terms, notwithstanding that the Strike Level is expressed as a percentage of the Initial Fixing Level in 
the Issue Terms, the Strike Level was determined on a date prior to the date on which the Initial Fixing 
Level is determined. 
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"Strike Spread Denominator" means, in respect of a Spread Underlying, (a) an amount specified as 
such in the Issue Terms or (b) an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Spread Level of such 
Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such amount or percentage is specified to be 
indicative, such amount or percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking 
into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum amount or 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum amount or percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Spread Level" means, in respect of a Spread Underlying, (a) an amount specified as such in the 
Issue Terms or (b) an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Spread Level of such Underlying as 
specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such amount or percentage is specified to be indicative, such 
amount or percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account 
prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum amount or percentage 
and, if applicable, the maximum amount or percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying" has the meaning given to such term in the General Conditions, provided that the term 
"Underlying" shall be construed (where applicable) as including a Spread Underlying where specified as 
an Underlying in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying 1" means the Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying 2" means the Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying 1 or Underlying 2 and: 
(a) 
an Autocall Observation Date, the Autocall Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Autocall 
Observation Date; or 
(b) 
a Final Fixing Date, the Final Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Final Fixing Date. 
"Underlying Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or Final Fixing Date and an 
Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the 
relevant formula or text below in the Issue Terms):

--- Page 183 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
182 
 
(a) 
the Underlying Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Autocall Observation Date or Final 
Fixing Date; 
(b) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
(c) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(d) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying Performance, 
provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying Performance, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such Underlyings shall be deemed to be 
the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 184 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
183 
 
7. 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
This paragraph 7 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the Payout Style 
is specified to be 'Barrier Reverse Convertible Products' in the Issue Terms. 
7.1 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with European Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 7.1 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the Barrier 
Reverse Convertible Products Style is specified as 'European Barrier' in the Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall 
be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to paragraph (i) below and, if 'Conditional 
Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the potential payment of 
the Conditional Coupon Amount pursuant to paragraph (ii) below. 
(i) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
The Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each 
Coupon Payment Date shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) 
below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Accrual' in the Issue Terms, the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula (where the Calculation Period 
for the purposes of determining the Day Count Fraction is the relevant Coupon 
Period): 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × DCF;  or 
(B) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount' in the Issue Terms, the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount 
shall be the Specified Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount, 
(ii) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
no Conditional Coupon Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in 
respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling 
immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Specified Conditional Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon 
Payment Date shall be zero. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, the 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) 
payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date 
(or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date falling immediately prior to the relevant 
Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and 
final Conditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of the Products.

--- Page 185 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
184 
 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and if the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation 
Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to the 
Autocall Observation Date on which the Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption 
Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the Conditions 
specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the same date as the 
Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the Autocall Observation Date 
corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each Product shall be redeemed on the 
Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall Redemption Date) at the Autocall 
Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Autocall 
Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as applicable) in accordance 
with paragraph 7.1(c)(i) or 7.1(c)(ii) below (as applicable). 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with 
either paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance;  or 
(B) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash Settlement' in 
the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (I) delivery of (or 
procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in 
accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual Cash 
Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of 
the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be equal to the Calculation 
Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
and if a Lock-In Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date 
shall be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
7.2 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with American Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 7.2 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the Barrier 
Reverse Convertible Products Style is specified as 'American Barrier' in the Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall 
be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to paragraph (i) below and, if 'Conditional 
Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the potential payment of 
the Conditional Coupon Amount pursuant to paragraph (ii) below. 
(i) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon

--- Page 186 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
185 
 
The Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each 
Coupon Payment Date shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) 
below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Accrual' in the Issue Terms, the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula (where the Calculation Period 
for the purposes of determining the Day Count Fraction is the relevant Coupon 
Period): 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × DCF;  or 
(B) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount' in the Issue Terms, the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount 
shall be the Specified Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount, 
(ii) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
no Conditional Coupon Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in 
respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling 
immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Specified Conditional Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon 
Payment Date shall be zero. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, the 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) 
payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date 
(or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date falling immediately prior to the relevant 
Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and 
final Conditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and if the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation 
Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to the 
Autocall Observation Date on which the Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption 
Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the Conditions 
specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the same date as the 
Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the Autocall Observation Date 
corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each Product shall be redeemed on the 
Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall Redemption Date) at the Autocall 
Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Autocall 
Provisions shall not apply to the Products.

--- Page 187 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
186 
 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as applicable) in accordance 
with paragraph 7.2(c)(i) or 7.2(c)(ii) below (as applicable). 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(A) 
a Strike Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance;  or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (I) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on 
the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (II) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(B) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of 
the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be equal to the Calculation 
Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
and if a Lock-In Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date 
shall be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
7.3 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with European Barrier and Participation 
This paragraph 7.3 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the Barrier 
Reverse Convertible Products Style is specified as 'European Barrier and Participation' in the Issue 
Terms. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall 
be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to paragraph (i) below and, if 'Conditional 
Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the potential payment of 
the Conditional Coupon Amount pursuant paragraph (ii) below. 
(i) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
The Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each 
Coupon Payment Date shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) 
below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Accrual' in the Issue Terms, the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula (where the Calculation Period 
for the purposes of determining the Day Count Fraction is the relevant Coupon 
Period): 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × DCF; or

--- Page 188 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
187 
 
(B) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount' in the Issue Terms, the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount 
shall be the Specified Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount, 
(ii) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
no Conditional Coupon Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in 
respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling 
immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Specified Conditional Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon 
Payment Date shall be zero. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount and the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) payable on the 
Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date (or if no such date, the 
Coupon Payment Date falling immediately prior to the relevant Autocall Redemption Date) 
shall be the final Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and final Conditional Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and if the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation 
Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to the 
Autocall Observation Date on which the Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption 
Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the Conditions 
specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the same date as the 
Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the Autocall Observation Date 
corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each Product shall be redeemed on the 
Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall Redemption Date) at the Autocall 
Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Autocall 
Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as applicable) in accordance 
with paragraph 7.3(c)(i) or 7.3(c)(ii) below (as applicable). 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
(I) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on the 
Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and 
(II) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date and

--- Page 189 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
188 
 
(III) 
by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max[0; Final Performance]; or 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of 
the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Max[0; Final Performance]) 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
and if a Lock-In Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date 
shall be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
7.4 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with American Barrier and Participation 
This paragraph 7.4 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the Barrier 
Reverse Convertible Products Style is specified as 'American Barrier and Participation' in the Issue 
Terms. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall 
be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to paragraph (i) below and, if 'Conditional 
Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the potential payment of 
the Conditional Coupon Amount pursuant paragraph (ii) below. 
(i) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
The Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each 
Coupon Payment Date shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) 
below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Accrual' in the Issue Terms, the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula (where the Calculation Period 
for the purposes of determining the Day Count Fraction is the relevant Coupon 
Period): 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × DCF; or 
(B) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount' in the Issue Terms, the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount 
shall be the Specified Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount, 
(ii) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
no Conditional Coupon Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in 
respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling 
immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable):

--- Page 190 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
189 
 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Specified Conditional Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon 
Payment Date shall be zero. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount and the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) payable on the 
Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date (or if no such date, the 
Coupon Payment Date falling immediately prior to the relevant Autocall Redemption Date) 
shall be the final Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and final Conditional Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and if the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation 
Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to the 
Autocall Observation Date on which the Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption 
Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the Conditions 
specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the same date as the 
Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the Autocall Observation Date 
corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each Product shall be redeemed on the 
Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall Redemption Date) at the Autocall 
Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Autocall 
Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as applicable) in accordance 
with paragraph 7.4(c)(i) or 7.4(c)(ii) below (as applicable). 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and; 
(A) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
(I) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement 
on the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and 
(II) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date 
and 
(III) 
by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max[0; Final Performance]; or 
(B) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Max[0; Final Performance]) or;

--- Page 191 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
190 
 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of 
the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Max[0; Final Performance]) 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
and if a Lock-In Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date 
shall be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
7.5 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with Leverage Downside Payout  
This paragraph 7.5 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the Barrier 
Reverse Convertible Products Style is specified as 'Leverage Downside' in the Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall 
be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to paragraph (i) below and, if 'Conditional 
Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the potential payment of 
the Conditional Coupon Amount pursuant to paragraph (ii) below. 
(i) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
The Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each 
Coupon Payment Date shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) 
below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Accrual' in the Issue Terms, the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula (where the Calculation Period 
for the purposes of determining the Day Count Fraction is the relevant Coupon 
Period): 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × DCF;  or 
(B) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount' in the Issue Terms, the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount 
shall be the Specified Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount, 
(ii) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
no Conditional Coupon Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in 
respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling 
immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Specified Conditional Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon 
Payment Date shall be zero.

--- Page 192 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
191 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms 
and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount and the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) payable on the 
Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date (or if no such date, the 
Coupon Payment Date falling immediately prior to the relevant Autocall Redemption Date) 
shall be the final Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and final Conditional Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and if the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation 
Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to the 
Autocall Observation Date on which the Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption 
Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the Conditions 
specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the same date as the 
Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the Autocall Observation Date 
corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each Product shall be redeemed on the 
Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall Redemption Date) at the Autocall 
Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Autocall 
Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph 7.5(c)(i) or 
7.5(c)(ii) below (as applicable). 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(A) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of 
the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula:  
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎[FP; MRP −(Gearing × Leverage Final Performance)];  or 
(B) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
Calculation Amount × MRP;  or 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of 
the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:  
Calculation Amount × MRP 
7.6 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products for which 
the Payout Style is specified to be 'Barrier Reverse Convertible Products' in the Issue Terms: 
"Autocall Coupon Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the amount specified 
as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 193 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
192 
 
"Autocall Event" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date (and an Autocall Event shall be 
deemed to have occurred in respect of such Autocall Observation Date if), one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying 
in respect of such Autocall Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Autocall Observation Date are 
either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respective 
Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level on such Autocall Observation Date are either (i) above 
or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Basket Level in 
respect of such Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Autocall Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Autocall Fixing Leveli" means the Autocall Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation Date(s) in the 
Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation Date(s) in the 
Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying. 
"Autocall Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an Underlying, the Level 
of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Autocall Observation Date.

--- Page 194 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
193 
 
"Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, either (a) the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms or (b) if 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount plus Autocall 
Coupon Amount' is specified in the Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as 
being equal to the sum of the Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount in respect of such Autocall 
Redemption Date and the Autocall Coupon Amount in respect of such Autocall Redemption Date or (c) 
if "Autocall Maximum Redemption Percentage" is specified in the Issue Terms, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the product of the Calculation Amount and the Maximum 
Redemption Percentage. 
"Autocall Redemption Date" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date on which an Autocall 
Event has occurred, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the date specified as an 'Autocall Redemption Date' in the Issue Terms that falls immediately 
after such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(b) 
if an Autocall Redemption Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Table" the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and a basket of 
Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings 
as specified in respect of such Autocall Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an Underlying, an 
amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in respect of 
such Autocall Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, 
such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing 
market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Event" means (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the following 
(as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is specified as 
'European Barrier' in the Issue Terms, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level; 
(ii) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
(iii) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level; or 
(iv) 
if Barrier Event is specified as 'Multichance Barrier Event' in the Issue Terms, a 
Multichance Barrier Event has occurred; or

--- Page 195 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
194 
 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is specified as 
'American Barrier' or 'Leverage Downside' in the Issue Terms, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date falling 
in the Barrier Observation Period; 
(ii) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period;  
(iii) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below 
(as specified in the Issue Terms) its respective Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation 
Date for such Underlying falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(iv) 
if Barrier Event is specified as 'Multichance Barrier Event' in the Issue Terms, a 
Multichance Barrier Event has occurred. 
"Barrier Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Barrier Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Barrier Fixing Leveli" means the Barrier Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Barrier Observation Date and an Underlying, the Level 
of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial 
Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day falling 
in the relevant Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms: 'European Barrier', 'American Barrier', 'European Barrier and 
Participation', 'American Barrier and Participation' or 'Leverage Downside'. 
"Cap" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Common Lock-In Event" means, (and a Common Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
if), in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and a basket of Underlyings, the Lock-In Fixing Level of 
all Underlying's on such Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in 
the Issue Terms) their respective Lock-In Barrier Level in respect of such Lock-In Observation Date.

--- Page 196 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
195 
 
"Conditional Coupon Amount" means, if 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the amount determined in accordance with paragraph 7.1(a)(ii), 
7.2(a)(ii), 7.3(a)(ii), 7.4(a)(ii) or 7.5(a)(ii)(as applicable) of these Payout Conditions. 
"Conditional Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraph 7.1(a)(ii), 7.2(a)(ii), 7.3(a)(ii), 
7.4(a)(ii) or 7.5(a)(ii) of these Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, the Level 
of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Coupon Payment Date, one of 
the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation Date(s) in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation Date(s) in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying. 
"CP" or "Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Period" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, in respect of a Coupon Payment 
Date (for the purposes of this definition of Coupon Period, the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the 
period beginning on (and including) the immediately preceding Coupon Payment Date (or if the Relevant 
Coupon Payment Date is the first Coupon Payment Date, the Issue Date) and ending on (but excluding) 
the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, and, if the Issue Terms specify that any particular Coupon Period 
shall be (i) 'Adjusted', then each such Coupon Period shall commence on or end on (as applicable) the 
relevant Coupon Payment Date after all adjustments are made (if any) to such Coupon Payment Date in 
accordance with the Conditions, or (ii) 'Unadjusted', then each such Coupon Period shall commence on 
or end on (as applicable) the date on which the relevant Coupon Payment Date is scheduled to fall, 
disregarding any adjustments to such Coupon Payment Date in accordance with the Conditions.

--- Page 197 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
196 
 
"Coupon Rate" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions, the per annum rate specified as such 
in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
in respect of the Conditional Coupon Provisions, the percentage specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, 
subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue 
Terms.  
"Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date (and a Coupon Trigger Event 
shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date if), one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying 
on such Coupon Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) the Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, the Coupon Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date are either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) their respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date. 
"Coupon Trigger Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, an amount 
equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such 
percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing 
market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction. 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Long)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Long Underlying in respect of the 
Final Fixing Date.

--- Page 198 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
197 
 
"Final Fixing Level (Short)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Short Underlying in respect of the 
Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying in 
respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as specified in the 
Issue Terms: (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms) 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(iii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Performance (Long)–  Underlying Performance (Short);  or 
(iv) 
the Final Return; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as specified in the 
Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula or text below in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) ; or 
(iii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(iv) 
the Final Return (Worst). 
"Final Return" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
100% +
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Initial Fixing Level
 
"Final Return (Worst)" means the Final Return of the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 199 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
198 
 
"Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the amount 
determined in accordance with paragraph 7.1(a)(i), 7.2(a)(i), 7.3(a)(i), 7.4(a)(i) or 7.5(a)(i) (as 
applicable) of these Payout Conditions. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions" means the amount payable on a Coupon Payment Date as 
determined in accordance with paragraph 7.1(a)(i), 7.2(a)(i), 7.3(a)(i), 7.4(a)(i) or 7.5(a)(i) (as 
applicable) of these Payout Conditions. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Accrual' or 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount'. 
"Floor" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"FP" or "Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified 
to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking int 
account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, 
if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Long)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Long Underlying in respect of the 
Initial Fixing Date. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Short)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Short Underlying in respect of the 
Initial Fixing Date. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"Leverage Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 200 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
199 
 
Strike Level −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as specified in the 
Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula or text below in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Strike Fixing Basket Level −Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level
; or 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Strike Level (Worst) −Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
 
"Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, an amount 
equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in respect of such 
Lock-In Observation Date in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such 
percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing 
market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Lock-In Event" means, (and a Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the following 
as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying 
on a Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) the Lock-In Barrier Level in respect of such Lock-In Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified in 
the Issue Terms):  
(i) 
a Common Lock-In Event has occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and the 
basket of Underlyings; or 
(ii) 
a Single Lock-In Event has occurred in respect of each Underlying on at least one Lock-
In Observation Date. The Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred on the first 
Lock-In Observation Date in respect of which a Single Lock-In Event has occurred for 
all Underlyings.  
"Lock-In Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, the Level 
of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Lock-In Observation Date. 
"Lock-In Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Lock-In Observation Date(s) in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket; or

--- Page 201 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
200 
 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Lock-In Observation Date(s) in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying. 
"Lock-In Provisions" means the provisions of proviso (1) of paragraph 7.1(c) or 7.2(c), 7.3(c) or 7.4(c) 
of these Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"Long Underlying" means the Underlying specified as the 'Long Underlying' in the Issue Terms. 
"Multichance Barrier Event" means (and a Multichance Barrier Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if), one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with European Barrier, if the Final Fixing 
Level of a number of Underlyings at least equal to the Specified Multichance Barrier Number 
of Underlyings are either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their 
respective Barrier Levels; or 
(b) 
in respect of Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with American Barrier, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as specified in the Issuer Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of a Barrier Observation Date in the Barrier Observation Period, the Barrier 
Fixing Level of a number of Underlyings at least equal to the Specified Multichance 
Barrier Number of Underlyings are either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) their respect Barrier Levels; or 
(ii) 
the number of Underlyings in respect of which the Barrier Fixing Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date in the Barrier Observation Period has been either (i) below or (ii) at or 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms) their respect Barrier Levels is at least equal to 
the Specified Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings. 
"MRP" or "Maximum Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Short Underlying" means the Underlying specified as the 'Short Underlying' in the Issue Terms. 
"Single Lock-In Event" means, (and a Single Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), in 
respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying in a basket of Underlyings, the Lock-In Fixing 
Level of such Underlying on such Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Lock-In Barrier Level for such Underlying in respect of such Lock-In 
Observation Date. 
"Specified Conditional Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, one of the 
following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as Specified Conditional Coupon in the Issue Terms, 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate; or

--- Page 202 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
201 
 
(b) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Memory Coupon' in the Issue Terms, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:  
Calculation Amount × [ ∑Coupon Ratei
𝑁
𝑖=n+1
] 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment Date;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date on which a 
Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, 
provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment 
Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" shall be zero.  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon Observation 
Date.  
"Specified Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon Payment Date. 
"Specified Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings" means the number specified as such in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to 
the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified 
to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into 
account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, 
if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Level; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (i) below or (ii) at 
or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier Basket Level. 
"Strike Fixing Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to 
the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 203 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
202 
 
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying.  
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"Underlying Performance (Long)" means, in respect of a Long Underlying, a percentage determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Long) −Initial Fixing Level (Long)
Initial Fixing Level (Long)
 
"Underlying Performance (Short)" means, in respect of a Short Underlying, a percentage determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Short)-Initial Fixing Level (Short)
Initial Fixing Level (Short)
 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant Underlying 
Specific Conditions. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying Performance, 
provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying Performance, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such Underlyings shall be deemed to be 
the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 204 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
203 
 
8. 
Tracker Products 
This paragraph 8 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the Payout Style 
is specified to be 'Tracker Product' in the Issue Terms. 
8.1 
Tracker Product Redemption Style 
(a) 
Fixed Term 
Subject to early redemption pursuant to (i) or (ii) below (if applicable) or otherwise, each 
Product for which the Redemption Style is specified to be 'Fixed Term' in the Issue Terms will 
have a scheduled Final Fixing Date (subject to adjustment for Scheduled Trading Days and 
Disrupted Days) and a scheduled Redemption Date (subject to adjustment for Business Days) 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Issuer's Call Option (Fixed Term) 
If Issuer Call Option is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, unless the Investor 
has already given notice of the exercise of its Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) or the 
Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer may 
exercise its option to redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Products on any 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date by giving not less than the Issuer Call 
Option (Fixed Term) Notice Period notice prior to such Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) 
Exercise Date to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). Such 
notice (the "Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Notice") shall specify the 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date in respect of which the Issuer intends to 
exercise its Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) and shall designate a Final Fixing Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if an Investor has already given notice of the exercise of its 
applicable Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) prior to the day on which the Issuer gives 
notice of the exercise of its Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term), no such Issuer Call Option 
(Fixed Term) may be exercised in respect of such Product and such Product shall be 
redeemed in accordance with (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Investor's Put Option (Fixed Term) 
If Investor Put Option is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, unless the Issuer 
has already given notice of the exercise of its Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) or the 
Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall, at 
the option of the Investor exercising its Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) in respect of 
such Security on any Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date by giving notice 
to the Paying Agent not less than the Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Notice Period 
prior to such Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date in such form as the Paying 
Agent may approve, redeem such Products on the Redemption Date for such Products. 
Such notice (the "Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Notice") shall 
specify the Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date in respect of which the 
Investor is exercising its Investor Put Option (Fixed Term). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Issuer has already given notice of the exercise of its 
applicable Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) prior to the day on which the Investor gives 
notice of the exercise of its Investor Put Option (Fixed Term), no such Investor Put 
Option (Fixed Term) may be exercised in respect of such Product and such Product shall 
be redeemed in accordance with (i) above. 
(b) 
Open Ended 
Each Product for which the Redemption Style is specified to be Open Ended in the Issue Terms 
shall only be redeemed upon (a) the Issuer exercising its Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) in 
accordance with Payout Condition 8.1(b)(i) below or (b) the Investor exercising its Investor Put 
Option (Open Ended) in accordance with Payout Condition 8.1(b)(ii) below. Upon the exercise 
of either the Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) or the Investor Put Option (Open Ended), the

--- Page 205 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
204 
 
Final Fixing Date and the Redemption Date shall be determined in accordance with the 
respective definition thereof. 
(i) 
Issuer's Call Option (Open Ended) 
Unless the Investor has already given notice of the exercise of its Investor Put Option 
(Open Ended) or the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled, the Issuer may exercise its option to redeem all (but not some only) of the 
outstanding Products on any Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date by giving 
not less than the Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Notice Period notice prior to such 
Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date to the Investors in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices). Such notice (the "Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) 
Redemption Notice") shall specify the Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date 
in respect of which the Issuer intends to exercise its Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) 
and shall designate a Final Fixing Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if an Investor has already given notice of the exercise of its 
Investor Put Option (Open Ended) prior to the day on which the Issuer gives notice of 
the exercise of its Issuer Call Option (Open Ended), no such Issuer Call Option (Open 
Ended) may be exercised in respect of such Product and such Product shall be redeemed 
in accordance with (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Investor's Put Option (Open Ended) 
Unless the Issuer has already given notice of the exercise of its Issuer Call Option (Open 
Ended) or the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall, at the option of the Investor exercising its Investor Put Option (Open Ended) 
in respect of such Security on any Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date by 
giving notice to the Paying Agent not less than the Investor Put Option (Open Ended) 
Notice Period prior to such Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date in such 
form as the Paying Agent may approve, redeem such Products on the Redemption Date 
for such Products. Such notice (the "Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption 
Notice") shall specify the Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date in respect of 
which the Investor is exercising its Investor Put Option (Open Ended). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Issuer has already given notice of the exercise of its 
Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) prior to the day on which the Investor gives notice of 
the exercise of its Investor Put Option (Open Ended), no such Investor Put Option (Open 
Ended) may be exercised in respect of such Product and such Product shall be redeemed 
in accordance with (i) above. 
8.2 
Tracker Product Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
Not applicable – the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the Payout 
Style is specified to be 'Tracker Product' in the Issue Terms (and no Coupon Amount(s) will be 
payable in respect of such Products). 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable – the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the Payout 
Style is specified to be 'Tracker Product' in the Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product on the Redemption Date in accordance with the relevant Tracker Product 
Style and the corresponding paragraph from 8.2(c)(i) to 8.2(c)(xxv) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
Single Underlying with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends Payout

--- Page 206 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
205 
 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products in 
respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with Quanto 
FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency (notwithstanding 
that the Underlying Currency may be different to the Settlement Currency) determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Final) × FFL 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Final) × MAX [Highest Lock- In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL]; and 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as applicable) 
multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the 
Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(ii) 
Single Underlying with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products in 
respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with Quanto 
FX and Dividends at Redemption' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency (notwithstanding 
that the Underlying Currency may be different to the Settlement Currency) determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Initial) × FFL] + Accumulated Dividends 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Initial) × MAX [Highest Lock- In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL]] +
Accumulated Dividends; and 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as applicable) 
multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the 
Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(iii) 
Single Underlying with Quanto FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products in 
respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with Quanto 
FX and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 207 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
206 
 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × Final Fixing Level 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × MAX[Highest Lock- In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL]; and 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as applicable) 
multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the 
Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(iv) 
Single Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products in 
respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W (Initial) × FFL × FX Rate (Final)] + Accumulated Dividends 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W (Initial) × MAX[Highest Lock- In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL] ×
FX Rate (Final)] + Accumulated Dividends; and 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as applicable) 
multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the 
Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(v) 
Single Underlying with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products in 
respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W (Final) × FFL × FX Rate (Final)] 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W (Final) × MAX[Highest Lock- In Barrier Level × IFL;  FFL] ×
FX Rate (Final)]; and

--- Page 208 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
207 
 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as applicable) 
multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the 
Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(vi) 
Single Underlying with Composite FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products in 
respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × Final Fixing Level × FX Rate (Final)] 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × MAX[Highest Lock- In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL] × FX Rate (Final)]; 
AND 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as applicable) 
multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the 
Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(vii) 
Single Underlying with Composite FX (Notional Units) Payout  
This paragraph 8.2(c)(vii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX (Notional Units)' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (Final) × Final Fixing Level × FX Rate (Final)] −[AMF (Final) −𝐴𝑃𝐹 (𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙)] 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (Final) × MAX[Highest Lock- In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL] × FX Rate (Final)] −AMF (Final)
−𝐴𝑃𝐹 (𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙) 
(viii) Single Underlying with no FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(viii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with no FX 
and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 209 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
208 
 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × Final Fixing Level 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × MAX[Highest Lock- In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL]
; 
AND 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as applicable) 
multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the 
Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(ix) 
Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units) Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(ix) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products in 
respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with no FX 
(Notional Units)' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (Final) × Final Fixing Level] −AMF (Final) −APF (Final) 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (Final) × MAX[Highest Lock- In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL]] −AMF (Final) 
−APF (Final) 
(x) 
Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(x) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products in 
respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Issue 
Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency (notwithstanding 
that the Underlying Currency may be different to the Settlement Currency) determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Final) × MAX[High Watermark Level; FFL] 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above multiplied by (B) the 
Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' 
is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount shall 
remain as determined in accordance with the formula above.

--- Page 210 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
209 
 
(xi) 
Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and Dividends 
at Redemption Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products in 
respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption' in the Issue 
Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency (notwithstanding 
that the Underlying Currency may be different to the Settlement Currency) determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Initial) × MAX[High Watermark Level; FFL]] + Accumulated Dividends 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above multiplied by (B) the 
Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' 
is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount shall 
remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xii) 
Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and no 
Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × MAX[High Watermark Level; Final Fixing Level] 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as applicable) multiplied by 
(B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee 
Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount 
shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xiii) Single Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xiii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Initial) × MAX[High Watermark Level; FFL] × FX Rate(Final)] + Accumulated Dividends 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as applicable) multiplied by 
(B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee 
Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount 
shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above.

--- Page 211 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
210 
 
(xiv) Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xiv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Issue 
Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Final) × MAX[High Watermark Level; FFL] × FX Rate(Final)] 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as applicable) multiplied by 
(B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee 
Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount 
shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xv) 
Single Underlying with Composite FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × MAX[High Watermark Level; Final Fixing Level] × FX Rate(Final)] 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as applicable) multiplied by 
(B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee 
Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount 
shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xvi) Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX (Notional 
Units) Payout  
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xvi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Composite FX (Notional Units)' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (Final) × MAX[High Watermark Level; Final Fixing Level] × FX Rate(Final)] - AMF(Final) - APF (Final) 
(xvii) Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with no FX and no Dividends 
Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xvii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with no FX and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 212 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
211 
 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × MAX[High Watermark Level; Final Fixing Level] 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above (as applicable) multiplied by 
(B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee 
Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount 
shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xviii) Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with no FX (Notional Units) 
Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xviii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with no FX (Notional Units)' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (Final) × MAX[High Watermark Level; Final Fixing Level]] - AMF(Final) - APF (Final) 
(xix) Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xix) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings with 
Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency (notwithstanding 
that the Underlying Currency may be different to the Settlement Currency) determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × ∑[W (Initial)𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖+ Accumulated Dividends𝑖]
n
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Accumulated Dividendsi" means the Accumulated Dividends in respect of 
Underlying "i"; 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of Underlying "i";  
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue 
Terms; and 
"W (Initial)i" means W (Initial) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above multiplied by (B) the 
Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' 
is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount shall 
remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xx) 
Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xx) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings with 
Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 213 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
212 
 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency (notwithstanding 
that the Underlying Currency may be different to the Settlement Currency) determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × ∑(W (Final)𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of Underlying "i";  
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue 
Terms; and 
"W (Final)i" means W (Final) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above multiplied by (B) the 
Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' 
is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount shall 
remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xxi) Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xxi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings with 
Quanto FX and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × ∑(W (Initial)𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of Underlying "i";  
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue 
Terms; and 
"W (Initial)i" means W (Initial) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above multiplied by (B) the 
Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' 
is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount shall 
remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xxii) Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends Payout

--- Page 214 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
213 
 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xxii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings with 
Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × ∑(W (Final)𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖× FX Rate (Final)𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"FX Rate (Final)i" means the FX Rate (Final) in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue 
Terms; and 
"W (Final)i" means W (Final) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above multiplied by (B) the 
Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' 
is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount shall 
remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xxiii) Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xxiii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings with 
Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × ∑[W (Initial) × Final Fixing Level𝑖× FX Rate (Final)𝑖+ Accumulated Dividends𝑖]𝑖
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Accumulated Dividendsi" means the Accumulated Dividends in respect of 
Underlying "i"; 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"FX Rate (Final)i" means the FX Rate (Final) in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue 
Terms; and 
"W (Initial)i" means W (Initial) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated by the

--- Page 215 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
214 
 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above multiplied by (B) the 
Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' 
is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount shall 
remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xxiv) Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xxiv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings with 
Composite FX and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × ∑(W (Initial)𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖 × FX Rate (Final)𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of Underlying "i";  
"FX Rate (Final)i" means the FX Rate (Final) in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue 
Terms; and 
"W (Initial)i" means W (Initial) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above multiplied by (B) the 
Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' 
is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption Amount shall 
remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xxv) Basket of Underlyings with no FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xxv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker Products 
in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings with no 
FX and no Dividends' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × ∑(W (Initial)𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of Underlying "i";  
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue 
Terms; and 
"W (Initial)i" means W (Initial) in respect of Underlying "i".

--- Page 216 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
215 
 
PROVIDED THAT: 
(A) 
if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula above multiplied by (B) the 
Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee 
Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms the Redemption 
Amount shall remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
8.3 
Tracker Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products for which 
the Payout Style is specified to be 'Tracker Product' in the Issue Terms: 
"AMF (Final)" means AMF (t) in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"AMF (t)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, the accrued management fees in respect of the 
Product and such Scheduled Trading Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, zero (0); or 
(b) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t falls after the Initial Fixing Date, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with either (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if 'Management Fee Style' is specified to be 'Product Value Style' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
AMF (t −1) + [Value (t −1) × MF × Day Count (t)]; or 
(ii) 
if 'Management Fee Style' is specified to be 'Calculation Amount Style' in the Issue 
Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
AMF (t −1) + (MF × Calculation Amount × Day Count (t)), 
PROVIDED THAT, following the adjustment of Units (t) on a Tracker Observation Date (in accordance 
with (c) of the definition Units (t)) AMF (t) shall be reset to zero in respect of each Scheduled Trading 
Day falling prior to such Tracker Observation Date. 
"AMF (t-1)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, AMF (t) in respect of the Scheduled Trading 
Day immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day t. 
"Accumulated Dividends" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent as being equal to the aggregate of each Dividend Amount (FX) in respect of such Underlying and 
each Dividend Payment Day.  
"APF (Final) " means APF (t) in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"APF (t)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, the accrued performance fees in respect of the 
Product and such Scheduled Trading Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, zero (0); or 
(b) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t falls after the Initial Fixing Date, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
APF (t −1) + {PF × MAX[0;  Value (t −1) −Watermark (t −1)]}; or 
PROVIDED THAT, following the adjustment of Units (t) on a Tracker Observation Date (in accordance 
with (c) of the definition Units (t)) APF (t) shall be reset to zero in respect of each Scheduled Trading 
Day falling prior to such Tracker Observation Date.

--- Page 217 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
216 
 
"APF (t-1) " means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, APF (t) in respect of the Scheduled Trading 
Day immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day t. 
"Conversion Ratio (Tracker)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number specified as such in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Day Count (t)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, the number calculated by the Calculation 
Agent as being equal to (a) the total number of calendar days falling between such Scheduled Trading 
Day t and the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day divided by (b) 360. 
"Dividend Amount" means, in respect of a Dividend Payment Day and an Underlying, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the Tracker Product Style is specified as 'Single Underlying 
with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Single Underlying with Composite FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of 
Dividends' or 'Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' in 
the Issue Terms, the total amount of net dividends (rounded to the nearest four decimal places, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) a Hypothetical Investor would receive on such Dividend 
Payment Day if such Hypothetical Investor held a number of such Underlying equal in number 
to the W (Current) in respect of such Dividend Payment Day and such Underlying; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Tracker Product Style is 'Single Underlying with Composite 
FX and Dividends at Redemption', 'Single Underlying with Quanto FX and Dividends at 
Redemption', 'Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption' or 
'Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption' in the Issue Terms, the 
total amount of net dividends (rounded to the nearest four decimal places, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards) a Hypothetical Investor would receive on such Dividend Payment Day if such 
Hypothetical Investor held a number of such Underlying equal in number to the W (Initial) in 
respect of such Underlying. 
"Dividend Amount (FX)" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Dividend Payment Day, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Dividend Amount × FX Rate 
"Dividend Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Dividend Reinvestment Day, the 
Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Dividend Reinvestment 
Day. 
"Dividend Payment Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, either (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the Tracker Product Style is specified as 'Single Underlying 
with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Single Underlying with Composite FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of 
Dividends' or 'Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' in 
the Issue Terms, each calendar day falling in the period from (but excluding) the Initial Fixing 
Date for such Underlying to (and including) the day falling 5 Scheduled Trading Days prior to 
Final Fixing Date for such Underlying; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Tracker Product Style is 'Single Underlying with Composite 
FX and Dividends at Redemption', 'Single Underlying with Quanto FX and Dividends at 
Redemption', 'Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption' or 
'Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption' in the Issue Terms, each 
calendar day falling in the period from (but excluding) the Initial Fixing Date for such 
Underlying to (and including) the Final Fixing Date for such Underlying. 
"Dividend Reinvestment Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Scheduled Trading Day falling 
in the period from (but excluding) the day falling 5 Scheduled Trading Days after the Initial Fixing Day 
for such Underlying to (and including) the Final Fixing Day for such Underlying.  
"FFL" means Final Fixing Level.

--- Page 218 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
217 
 
"Final Fixing Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the Redemption Style is specified to be 'Fixed Term' in the 
Issue Terms, one of the following (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or if 'Issuer 
Call Option (Fixed Term)' or 'Investor Put Option (Fixed Term)' is specified to be 
applicable in the Issue Terms, then in respect each Product for which the Issuer has 
exercised its Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) or the Investor has exercised its Investor 
Put Option (Fixed Term) (as applicable), the day specified as the Final Fixing Date in 
the Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Notice or in the Investor Put Option 
(Fixed Term) Redemption Notice, respectively and as the case may be, or if such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(A) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Final Fixing Date in the 
Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, the date 
specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if 'Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term)' or 
'Investor Put Option (Fixed Term)' is specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms, 
then in respect each Product for which the Issuer has exercised its Issuer Call 
Option (Fixed Term) or the Investor has exercised its Investor Put Option (Fixed 
Term) (as applicable), the day specified as the Final Fixing Date in the Issuer Call 
Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Notice or in the Investor Put Option (Fixed 
Term) Redemption Notice, respectively and as the case may be, or if such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following 
day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(B) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Final Fixing Date in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, the 
date specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if 'Issuer 
Call Option (Fixed Term)' or 'Investor Put Option (Fixed Term)' is specified to be 
applicable in the Issue Terms, then in respect each Product for which the Issuer 
has exercised its Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) or the Investor has exercised its 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) (as applicable), the day specified as the Final 
Fixing Date in the Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Notice or in the 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Notice, respectively and as the 
case may be, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Redemption Style is specified to be Open Ended in the Issue 
Terms, one of the following (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect each Product for which the Issuer has exercised its Issuer Call Option (Open 
Ended), the day specified as the Final Fixing Date in the Issuer Call option (Open Ended) 
Redemption Notice; or 
(ii) 
in respect of each Product for which the Investor has exercised its Investor Put Option 
(Open Ended), the number of Scheduled Trading Days (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
following the day on which the Paying Agent has received the duly completed and signed 
Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption Notice, 
PROVIDED THAT, in each case, such date shall be adjusted in accordance with either 
paragraph (a)(i) or (a)(ii) of this definition of Final Fixing Date. 
"First Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion,

--- Page 219 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
218 
 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"FX Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying and any date, an exchange rate expressed as a number of 
units of the Settlement Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) per one unit of the Underlying Currency 
which appears on the Price Source at approximately the Tracker FX Rate Valuation Time, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, PROVIDED THAT if the Underlying Currency is the same as the Settlement 
Currency the FX Rate for such Underlying shall be deemed to be 1 (one). 
"FX Rate (Final)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the FX Rate in respect of such Underlying and 
the Final Fixing Date. 
"FX Rate (Initial)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the rate specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"FX Rate (t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, FX Rate (Initial) in respect of such 
Underlying; or 
(b) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is neither the Initial Fixing Date nor the Final Fixing Date, the FX 
Rate in respect of such Underlying and such Scheduled Trading Day t, provided that if 
Scheduled Trading Day t is a Disrupted Day then the FX Rate in respect of such day shall be 
the rate determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and taking into consideration all factors it considers appropriate (which may 
include, amongst other things, the last available published rate); or 
(c) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Final Fixing Date, FX Rate (Final) in respect of such 
Underlying. 
"Hedging Entity" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions. 
"Hedge Unwind Costs (t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, any costs 
associated with the unwinding of any transaction(s) or asset(s) held by a Hedging Entity that the 
Calculation Agent deems are no longer required to hedge the risk of performing the Issuer's obligations 
arising from the Products exposure to such Underlying on Scheduled Trading Day t. 
"High Watermark Level" means, the highest observed High Watermark Fixing Level on any High 
Watermark Observation Date falling in the High Watermark Observation Period. 
"High Watermark Fixing Level" means, in respect of a High Watermark Observation Date and an 
Underlying, the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"High Watermark Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading 
Day falling in the relevant High Watermark Observation Period. 
"High Watermark Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Highest Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of any Lock-In Observation Date, and following 
the occurrence of a Lock-In Event, the highest Lock-In Barrier Level reached on this date and such Lock-
In Barrier Level will be recorded as the new Highest Lock-In Barrier Level, as reasonably determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical investor located in the same jurisdiction as the 
Calculation Agent. 
"IFL" means Initial Fixing Level. 
"Increment Percentage" means a percentage specified in the Issue Terms by which the Lock-In Barrier 
Level will increase following each occurrence of a Lock-In Event.

--- Page 220 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
219 
 
"Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue 
Terms, each Business Day falling after the Issue Date. 
"Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Notice Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Date" means, the number of Business Days following 
the Final Fixing Date as specified in the Issue Terms or if the Final Fixing Date falls on different dates 
for different Underlyings, the number of Business Days following the latest of such dates to occur. 
"Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue 
Terms, each Business Day falling after the Issue Date. 
"Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption Notice Period" means the period specified as such 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption Date" means, the number of Business Days 
following the Final Fixing Date as specified in the Issue Terms or if the Final Fixing Date falls on 
different dates for different Underlyings, the number of Business Days following the latest of such dates 
to occur. 
"Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue 
Terms, each Business Day falling after the Issue Date. 
"Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Notice Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Date" the number of Business Days following the Final 
Fixing Date as specified in the Issue Terms or if the Final Fixing Date falls on different dates for different 
Underlyings, the number of Business Days following the latest of such dates to occur. 
"Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue 
Terms, each Business Day falling after the Issue Date. 
"Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Notice Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Redemption Date" the number of Business Days following the 
Final Fixing Date as specified in the Issue Terms or if the Final Fixing Date falls on different dates for 
different Underlyings, the number of Business Days following the latest of such dates to occur. 
"Lock-In Event" means, (and a Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Lock-In Fixing 
Level of the Underlying on a Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the First Lock-In Barrier Level or any of the higher Lock-In Barrier Levels compared 
to the last recorded Highest Lock-In Barrier Level, as reasonably determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Lock-In Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, the Level 
of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Lock-In Observation Date. 
"Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying specified as the First Lock-In Barrier Level in the Issue Terms 
or, following the occurrence of each Lock-In Event, the First Lock-In Barrier Level or any previously 
reached Highest Lock-In Barrier Level in each case as increased by the Increment Percentage as specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Lock-In Observation Date" means each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Lock-In Provisions" means the provisions of proviso (1) of paragraphs 8.2(c)(i) to 8.2(c)(ix)of these 
Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"MF" or "Management Fee" means the per annum rate specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 221 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
220 
 
"Management Fee Deduction" shall be specified as either Applicable or Not Applicable in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Management Fee Multiplier" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
(1 −Management Fee) t 365
⁄
 
Where: 
"Management Fee" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"t" means the number of calendar days falling in the period from (but excluding) the Initial 
Fixing Date to (and including) the Final Fixing Date. 
"Performance Fee Deduction" shall be specified as either 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Performance Fee" or "PF" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the price source, providing the relevant price of the FX 
Rate for the Products, specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Date" means one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the Redemption Style is specified to be 'Fixed Term' in the 
Issue Terms, one of the following (as applicable): 
(i) 
the date specified as such in the Issue Terms (subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Issue Terms); or 
(ii) 
the number of Business Days following the Final Fixing Date as specified in the Issue 
Terms or if the Final Fixing Date falls on different dates for different Underlyings, the 
number of Business Days following the latest of such dates to occur. 
PROVIDED that if: 
(A) 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
in respect of each Product for which the Issuer has exercised its Issuer Call Option 
(Fixed Term), the Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Date; and 
(B) 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Product for which the Investor has exercised its Investor 
Put Option (Fixed Term), the Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Date; 
and 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Redemption Style is specified to be 'Open Ended' in the 
Issue Terms, one of the following (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect each Product for which the Issuer has exercised its Issuer Call Option (Open 
Ended) , the Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Redemption Date; or 
(ii) 
in respect of each Product for which the Investor has exercised its Investor Put Option 
(Open Ended), the Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption Date. 
"Redemption Style" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: Fixed Term or Open 
Ended. 
"Related Dividend Amount" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Dividend Reinvestment Day, the 
Dividend Amount in respect of such Underlying and Dividend Payment Day falling 5 Business Days 
prior to such Dividend Reinvestment Day.

--- Page 222 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
221 
 
"Tracker Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, the Level specified as such in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Tracker Fixing Level (t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying; 
or 
(b) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is neither the Initial Fixing Date nor the Final Fixing Date, the 
Tracker Fixing Level in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t and such Underlying, provided that 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is a Disrupted Day then the Tracker Fixing Level in respect of such 
day shall be the level determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and taking into consideration all factors it considers 
appropriate (which may include, amongst other things, the last available published level); or 
(c) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Final Fixing Date, the Final Fixing Level of such Underlying. 
"Tracker FX Rate Valuation Time" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the time specified as such in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Tracker Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each date specified as such in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Tracker Product" means each Product in respect of which 'Payout Style' is specified to be 'Tracker 
Product' in the Issue Terms. 
"Tracker Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified in the Issue 
Terms: Single Underlying with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends, Single Underlying with 
Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption, Single Underlying with Quanto FX and no Dividends, Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption, Single Underlying with Composite FX 
and Reinvestment of Dividends, Single Underlying with Composite FX and no Dividends, Single 
Underlying with Composite FX (Notional Units), Single Underlying with no FX and no Dividends, 
Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units), Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends 
at Redemption, Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends, Basket of 
Underlyings with Quanto FX and no Dividends, Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends, Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption, 
Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and no Dividends or Basket of Underlyings with no FX and 
no Dividends. 
"Units (Initial)" means, in respect of an Underlying, Units (t) in respect of the Initial Fixing Date, which 
shall be the number specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Units (Final)" means, in respect of an Underlying, Units (t) in respect of such Underlying and the Final 
Fixing Date. 
"Units (t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, the units of such Underlying 
in respect of such day as calculated in accordance with one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, Units (Initial); or 
(b) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t falls after the Initial Fixing Date and is not a Tracker 
Observation Date, Units (t-1); or 
(c) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t falls after the Initial Fixing Date and is a Tracker Observation 
Date, the units for such Underlying shall be adjusted on such day in accordance with either (i), 
(ii), (iii) or (iv) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with Composite FX (Notional 
Units)' and 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:

--- Page 223 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
222 
 
Units (t −1) −(
AMF (t)
Units Fixing Level (t) −FX Rate (t)) ; or 
(ii) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)' 
and 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Units (t −1) −(
AMF (t)
Units Fixing Level (t)) 
(iii) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with Composite FX (Notional 
Units)' and 'Performance Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Units (t −1) −(
APF (t)
Units Fixing Level (t) −FX Rate (t)) ; or 
(iv) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)' 
and 'Performance Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Units (t −1) −(
APF (t)
Units Fixing Level (t)) 
PROVIDED THAT that, if two or more of the above are applicable then the amount in each of 
(i) or (ii) and (iii) or (iv) (as applicable) shall be deducted. 
"Units (t-1)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, Units (t) in respect of the 
Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day t. 
"Units Fixing Level (t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Tracker Fixing Level (t) −Hedge Unwind Costs (t) 
"Value (t)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, either (a), (b), (c) or (d) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with Composite FX (Notional 
Units)' and 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (t) × Tracker Fixing Level (t) × FX Rate (t)] −AMF (t); or 
(b) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)' and 
'Management Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (t) × Tracker Fixing Level (t)] −AMF (t) 
(c) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with Composite FX (Notional 
Units)' and 'Performance Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (t) × Tracker Fixing Level (t) × FX Rate (t)] −APF (t); or 
(d) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)' and 
'Performance Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (t) × Tracker Fixing Level (t)] −APF (t)

--- Page 224 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
223 
 
"Value (t-1)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, Value (t) in respect of the Scheduled Trading 
Day immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day t. 
"Watermark (t - 1) " means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, the highest observed Value (t) on 
any Scheduled Trading Day from, and including, the Initial Fixing Date to, and including, the second 
Scheduled Trading Day falling prior to Scheduled Trading Day t, provided that: 
(a) 
Watermark (t - 1) on the Initial Fixing Date shall equal Watermark (t - 1) on the first Scheduled 
Trading Day following the Initial Fixing Date (as determined in (b) below); and 
(b) 
Watermark (t - 1) on the Initial Fixing Date shall equal Watermark (t - 1) on the first Scheduled 
Trading Day following the Initial Fixing Date shall be an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Initial Fixing Level × (1 + Hurdle Rate)] 
Where "Hurdle Rate " means the rate specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"W (Current)" means, in respect of an Underlying and: 
(a) 
each Dividend Payment Day falling in the period from (but excluding) the Initial Fixing Date 
to (and including) the day falling 5 Business Days after the Initial Fixing Date, W (Initial) in 
respect of such Underlying; and 
(b) 
each other day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum of (a) 
W (Initial) in respect of such Underlying plus (b) W (Sum of Reinvested Dividends) in respect 
of such Underlying and such day. 
"W (Dividend Reinvestment Day)" means, in respect of a Dividend Reinvestment Day and an 
Underlying, the number (rounded to the nearest four decimal places, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards) of such Underlying the Hypothetical Investor could purchase with the Related Dividend 
Amount in respect of such Underlying and such Dividend Reinvestment Day at the Dividend Fixing 
Level for such Underlying and such Dividend Reinvestment Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Related Dividend Amount
Dividend Fixing Level
 
"W (Final)" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as 
being equal to the sum of (a) W (Initial) plus (b) W (Final Sum of Reinvested Dividends). 
"W (Final Sum of Reinvested Dividends)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the W (Sum of 
Reinvested Dividends) in respect of such Underlying and the Final Fixing Date. 
"W (Initial)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"W (Sum of Reinvested Dividends)" means, in respect of an Underlying and any day, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the aggregate of the W (Dividend Reinvestment 
Day) in respect of such Underlying and each Dividend Reinvestment Day falling on or prior to such day.

--- Page 225 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
224 
 
9. 
Dual Currency Products 
This paragraph 9 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Currency Exchange Rate Linked Products 
in respect of which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Dual Currency Products' in the Issue Terms. 
9.1 
Dual Currency Products with Upside in Investment Currency Payout  
This paragraph 9.1 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to Currency Exchange Rate Linked Products in 
respect of which the Dual Currency Product Style is specified as 'Upside in Investment Currency' in the 
Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
Not applicable – the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the Payout 
Style is specified to be 'Dual Currency Products' in the Issue Terms (and no Coupon Amount(s) 
will be payable in respect of such Products), PROVIDED THAT the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall include an amount reflecting a coupon accruing from the 
Issue Date to the Redemption Date. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable – the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the Payout 
Style is specified to be 'Dual Currency Products' in the Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product at the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
paragraph 9.1(c)(i) or 9.1(c)(ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Investment Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
CA + (CA × Coupon Rate × DCFDCN); or 
(ii) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Alternative Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:  
[CA + (CA × Coupon Rate × DCFDCN)] × Strike Level 
9.2 
Dual Currency Products with Upside in Alternative Currency Payout  
This paragraph 9.2 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Currency Exchange Rate Linked 
Products in respect of which the Dual Currency Product Style is specified as 'Upside in Alternative 
Currency' in the Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
Not applicable – the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the Payout 
Style is specified to be 'Dual Currency Products' in the Issue Terms (and no Coupon Amount(s) 
will be payable in respect of such Products), PROVIDED THAT the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall include an amount reflecting a coupon accruing from the 
Issue Date to the Redemption Date. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable – the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the Payout 
Style is specified to be 'Dual Currency Products' in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 226 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
225 
 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product at the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Alternative Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
[CA + (CA × Coupon Rate × DCFDCN)]
Strike Level
; or 
(ii) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Investment Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:  
CA + (CA × Coupon Rate × DCFDCN) 
9.3 
Dual Currency Products Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products for which 
the Payout Style is specified to be 'Dual Currency Products' in the Issue Terms: 
"Alternative Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"CA" means Calculation Amount. 
"Coupon Rate" means the per annum rate specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage 
is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.  
"DCFDCN" means the Day Count Fraction specified in the Issue Terms in respect of which the Calculation 
Period shall be the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding), the Redemption Date. 
"Dual Currency Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms: 'Upside in Investment Currency' or 'Upside in Alternative Currency'. 
"Investment Currency" means the investment currency specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Final Fixing Level 
of the Underlying is either (i) below, (ii) at or below (iii) above or (iv) at or above (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) the Strike Level. 
"Strike Level" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, one of the following as specified in the 
Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the currency exchange rate specified as such in the Issue Terms, being (if so specified in the 
Issue Terms) the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
a rate equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT if 'Predetermined Strike Level' is specified to be 'Applicable' in respect of the Strike 
Level in the Issue Terms, notwithstanding that the Strike Level is expressed as a percentage of the Initial 
Fixing Level in the Issue Terms, the Strike Level was determined on a date prior to the date on which 
the Initial Fixing Level is determined.

--- Page 227 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
226

--- Page 228 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
227 
 
10. 
Discount Products 
This paragraph 10 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Products in respect of which the Payout 
Style is specified to be 'Discount Product' in the Issue Terms. 
10.1 
Discount Product Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
Not applicable – the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the Payout 
Style is specified to be 'Discount Product' in the Issue Terms (and no Coupon Amount(s) will 
be payable in respect of such Products). 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable – the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the Payout 
Style is specified to be 'Discount Product' in the Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(A) 
'Downside Settlement Type' is specified as 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level x Conversion Ratio (Discount); or 
(B) 
'Downside Settlement Type' is specified as 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (1) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on the 
Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (2) payment of the 
Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(ii) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Issuer redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Cap Level x Conversion Ratio (Discount) 
PROVIDED THAT if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, then the 
Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be the relevant cash amount 
determined in accordance with (i) or (ii) above (as applicable) converted into the Settlement 
Currency by multiplying such amount by FX Rate (Final). 
10.2 
Discount Products Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products for which 
the Payout Style is specified to be 'Discount Product' in the Issue Terms: 
"Cap Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing 
Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to 
be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into 
account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, 
if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Conversion Ratio (Discount)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number specified as such in the 
Issue Terms.

--- Page 229 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
228 
 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Discount Products" means Products in respect of which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Discount 
Product' in the Issue Terms. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"FX Rate (Final)" means, in respect of an Underlying and the Final Fixing Date for such Underlying, 
an exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Settlement Currency (or fractional amounts 
thereof) per one unit of the Underlying Currency which appears on the Price Source at approximately the 
FX Rate Valuation Time on the Final Fixing Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, PROVIDED 
THAT if the Underlying Currency is the same as the Settlement Currency the FX Rate (Final) for such 
Underlying shall be deemed to be 1 (one). 
"FX Rate Valuation Time" means, in respect of the FX Rate (Final) and an Underlying, the time 
specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of the FX Rate (Final) and an Underlying, the price source, providing 
the relevant price of the FX Rate (Final) for such Underlying, specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is below the Cap Level; or 
(b) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is at or below the Cap Level.

--- Page 230 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
229 
 
11. 
Leverage Products 
This paragraph 11 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Products in respect of which the Payout 
Style is specified to be 'Leverage Product' in the Issue Terms. 
11.1 
Leverage Product Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products.  
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in respect of each 
Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling immediately prior to such 
Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon 
Payment Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝐹𝑖𝑥𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙−𝐻𝑖𝑔ℎ 𝑊𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑟𝑘 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑖𝑥𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
] 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable – the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Leverage Products. 
Notwithstanding that the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Leverage Products, Mini Future 
Products may be redeemed prior to their scheduled Redemption Date in accordance with 
paragraph 11.1(c)(vii)(A) or 11.1(c)(viii)(A) below (as applicable) if a Stop Loss Event occurs 
in respect of any Stop Loss Observation Date, as described below. 
(c) 
Redemption Provisions 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product in accordance with the Leverage Product Style and paragraph (i), (ii), (iii), 
(iv), (v), (vi), (vii) or (viii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
Call Warrant Products 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Warrant Product' in the Issue 
Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount (which 
may be zero) on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below 
(as applicable): 
(A) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying,  
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × Final Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
; 
(b) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency

--- Page 231 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
230 
 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Conversion Ration (Warrant)×(Final Fixing Level -Strike Level); 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with the formula 
in 11.1(c)(i)(A)(1)(b) above is greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount, then for the purposes of this paragraph 11.1(c)(i)(A)(1)(b) only, 
the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Maximum Redemption 
Amount; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be zero 
(0).  
(B) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms and 
'Basket Style' is specified as 'All' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×PP × 
Final Basket Fixing Level -Strike Basket Level
Initial Basket Fixing Level
 ; 
(b) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket 
Style' is specified as 'All' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Final Basket Fixing Level-Strike Basket Level)
; or 
(c) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms and 
'Basket Style' is specified as 'Worst' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)-Strike Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
; 
(d) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket 
Style' is specified as 'Worst' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant)×(Final Fixing Level (Worst)-Strike Level (Worst));or 
(e) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms and 
'Basket Style' is specified as 'Best' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×PP × 
Final Fixing Level (Best)-Strike Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best)
; 
(f) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket 
Style' is specified as 'Best' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption

--- Page 232 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
231 
 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Final Fixing Level (Best) - Strike Level (Best))
; 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with the formula 
in 11.1(c)(i)(B)(1)(f) above is greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount, then for the purposes of this paragraph 11.1(c)(i)(B)(1)(f) only, 
the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Maximum Redemption 
Amount; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be zero 
(0).  
(ii) 
Call Warrant Products with Lock-In Feature 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Warrant Product with Lock-In 
Feature' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount (which 
may be zero) on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below 
(as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(1) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
CA × PP × (MAX [Highest Lock˗In Barrier Level; Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing level] −Strike Level); 
(2) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
CR (Warrant) × MAX[(Highest Lock˗In Barrier Level × IFL −Strike Level); (FFL −Strike Level)]; 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with the formula 
in 11.1(c)(ii)(A)(2) above is greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount, then for the purposes of this paragraph 11.1(c)(ii)(A)(2) only, the 
Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Maximum Redemption Amount; 
or 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred and if: 
(1) 
a Lock-In Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × PP ×(Highest Lock˗In Barrier Level −Strike Level); 
(b) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Highest Lock˗In Barrier Level × Initial Fixing Level −Strike Level);

--- Page 233 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
232 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with the formula 
in 11.1(c)(ii)(B)(1)(b) above is greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount, then for the purposes of this paragraph 11.1(c)(ii)(B)(1)(b) only, 
the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Maximum Redemption 
Amount; OR, 
(2) 
a Lock-In Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be zero 
(0). 
(iii) 
Call Warrant Products with High Watermark Redemption 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Warrant Product with High 
Watermark Redemption' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount (which 
may be zero) on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below 
(as applicable): 
(A) 
if 'High Watermark Determination' is specified as 'Observation Dates' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max  [0; 
Final Fixing Level -High Watermark Level
Initial Fixing Level
]; OR 
(B) 
if 'High Watermark Determination' is specified as 'Observation Periods' in the 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount ×Max [0;
High Watermark Level -Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
]. 
(iv) 
Put Warrant Products 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put Warrant Product' in the Issue 
Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount (which 
may be zero) on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below 
(as applicable): 
(A) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × Strike Level −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(b) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Strike Level −Final Fixing Level);

--- Page 234 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
233 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with the formula 
in 11.1(c)(iv)(A)(1)(b) above is greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount, then for the purposes of this paragraph 11.1(c)(iv)(B)(1)(f) only, 
the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Maximum Redemption 
Amount; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be zero 
(0).  
(B) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms and 
'Basket Style' is specified as 'All' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × 
Strike Basket Level -Final Basket Fixing Level
Initial Basket Fixing Level
; 
(b) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket 
Style' is specified as 'All' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant)×(Strike Basket Level-Final Basket Fixing Level) or; 
(c) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms and 
'Basket Style' is specified as 'Worst' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP ×
Strike Level (Worst)-Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
; 
(d) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket 
Style' is specified as 'Worst' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant)×(Strike Level (Worst)-Final Fixing Level (Worst)); or 
(e) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms and 
'Basket Style' is specified as 'Best' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × 
Strike Level (Best)-Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best)
; 
(f) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket 
Style' is specified as 'Best' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant)×(Strike Level (Best)-Final Fixing Level (Best));

--- Page 235 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
234 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with the formula 
in 11.1(c)(iv)(B)(1)(f) above is greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount, then for the purposes of this paragraph 11.1(c)(iv)(B)(1)(f) only, 
the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Maximum Redemption 
Amount; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be zero 
(0). 
(v) 
Call Knock-Out Warrant Products 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Knock-Out Warrant Product' in 
the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount (which 
may be zero) on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below 
(as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Knock-Out Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(I) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × ( Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level −Strike Percentage); or 
(II) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:  
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Final Fixing Level −Strike Level) 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be zero 
(0); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-Out Event has occurred, and if: 
(1) 
'Rebate' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Rebate Percentage; or 
(2) 
'Rebate' is specified as 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be zero (0). 
(vi) 
Put Knock-Out Warrant Products 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put Knock-Out Warrant Product' in 
the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable):

--- Page 236 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
235 
 
(A) 
if a Knock-Out Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(I) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × (Strike Percentage −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level); or 
(II) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:  
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Strike Level −Final Fixing Level) 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be zero 
(0); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-Out Event has occurred, and if: 
(1) 
'Rebate' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Rebate Percentage; or 
(2) 
'Rebate' is specified as 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be zero (0). 
(vii) 
Bullish Mini Future Products 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(vii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Bullish Mini Future Product' in the 
Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable). If the Products are redeemed in accordance with paragraph (A) below, the 
Products shall redeem early on the Stop Loss Redemption Date (as described further 
below). 
(A) 
Early Redemption on the Stop Loss Redemption Date 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Stop Loss Event has occurred in respect 
of any Stop Loss Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product early 
on the Stop Loss Redemption Date at an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Mini Future) × 𝑀𝑥 (0; Unwind Liquidation Price −Strike Level);  or 
(B) 
Redemption on the Redemption Date 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no Stop Loss Event has occurred in 
respect of any Stop Loss Observation Date, then unless the Products have been 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product at the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date. The Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 237 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
236 
 
Conversion Ratio (Mini Future) × (Final Fixing Level −Strike Level) 
(viii) Bearish Mini Future Products 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(viii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Bearish Mini Future Product' 
in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable). If the Products are redeemed in accordance with paragraph (A) below the 
Products shall redeem early on the Stop Loss Redemption Date (as described further 
below). 
(A) 
Early Redemption on the Stop Loss Redemption Date 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Stop Loss Event has occurred in respect 
of any Stop Loss Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product early 
on the Stop Loss Redemption Date at an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Mini Future) × 𝑀𝑥 (0; Strike Level −Unwind Liquidation Price);  or 
(B) 
Redemption on the Redemption Date 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no Stop Loss Event has occurred in 
respect of any Stop Loss Observation Date, then unless the Products have been 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product at the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date. The Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Mini Future) × (Strike Level −Final Fixing Level) 
11.2 
Leverage Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products for which 
the Payout Style is specified as 'Leverage Product' in the Issue Terms: 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying Performance, 
provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying Performance, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such Underlyings shall be deemed to be 
the Best Performing Underlying. 
"CA" means Calculation Amount. 
"Conversion Ratio (Mini Future)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number specified as such in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Conversion Ratio (Warrant)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number specified as such in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 16 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, the Level 
of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Coupon Payment Date, subject 
as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms:

--- Page 238 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
237 
 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"CR (Warrant)" means Conversion Ratio (Warrant). 
"FFL" means Final Fixing Level. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖−1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying in respect 
of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying in 
respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"First Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Hedge Positions" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 22.1 (Definitions). 
"Hedging Entity" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions. 
"High Watermark Level" means, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which 'High Watermark Determination' is specified as 'Observation 
Dates' in the Issue Terms, the higher of (1) the highest observed Coupon Fixing Level of all 
previous Coupon Observation Dates and (2) the Strike Level; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which 'High Watermark Determination' is specified as 'Observation 
Periods' in the Issue Terms, the highest observed High Watermark Fixing Level on any High 
Watermark Observation Date falling in the High Watermark Observation Period. 
"High Watermark Fixing Level" means, in respect of a High Watermark Observation Date and an 
Underlying, the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 239 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
238 
 
"High Watermark Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading 
Day falling in the relevant High Watermark Observation Period. 
"High Watermark Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Highest Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of any Lock-In Observation Date, and following 
the occurrence of a Lock-In Event, the highest Lock-In Barrier Level reached on this date and such Lock-
In Barrier Level will be recorded as the new Highest Lock-In Barrier Level, as reasonably determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"IFL" means Initial Fixing Level. 
"Increment Percentage" means a percentage specified in the Issue Terms by which the Lock-In Barrier 
Level will increase following each occurrence of a Lock-In Event. 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable) 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖−1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUC𝒊" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"Knock-Out Event" means (and a Knock-Out Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Knock-Out Warrant 
Product' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Knock-Out Level; or 
(ii) 
the Knock-Out Fixing Level of the Underlying on any Knock-Out Observation Date 
falling in the Knock-Out Observation Period is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Knock-Out Level; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put Knock-Out 
Warrant Product' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Knock-Out Level; or

--- Page 240 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
239 
 
(ii) 
the Knock-Out Fixing Level of the Underlying on any Knock-Out Observation Date 
falling in the Knock-Out Observation Period is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Knock-Out Level; 
"Knock-Out Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Knock-Out Observation Date and an Underlying, the 
Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-Out Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial 
Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-Out Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day 
falling in the relevant Knock-Out Observation Period. 
"Knock-Out Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Leverage Product" means each Product in respect of which the Payout Style is specified to be 
'Leverage Product' in the Issue Terms. 
"Leverage Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified in the 
Issue Terms: Call Warrant Product, Put Warrant Product, Call Knock-Out Warrant, Put Knock-Out 
Warrant, Bullish Mini Future Product or Bearish Mini Future Product. 
"Lock-In Event" means, (and a Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Lock-In Fixing 
Level of the Underlying on a Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified 
in the Issue Terms) the First Lock-In Barrier Level or any of the higher Lock-In Barrier Levels compared 
to the last recorded Highest Lock-In Barrier Level, as reasonably determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Lock-In Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, the Level 
of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Lock-In Observation Date. 
"Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying specified as the First Lock-In Barrier Level in the Issue Terms 
or, following the occurrence of each Lock-In Event, the First Lock-In Barrier Level or any previously 
reached Highest Lock-In Barrier Level in each case as increased by the Increment Percentage as specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Lock-In Observation Date" means each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Lock-In Provisions" means the provisions of proviso (1) of paragraph 11.1(c)(ii) of these Payout 
Conditions, as applicable. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Mini Future Product" means each Leverage Product in respect of which the Leverage Product Style 
is specified to be either 'Bullish Mini Future Product' or 'Bearish Mini Future Product Style'. 
"PP" or "Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to 
the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Rebate Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage 
is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 241 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
240 
 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 15 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Stop Loss Event" means (and a Stop Loss Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Bullish Mini Future 
Product' in the Issue Terms, the Stop Loss Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (i) below or 
(ii) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Stop Loss Level on any Stop Loss 
Observation Date falling in the Stop Loss Observation Period; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Bearish Mini Future 
Product' in the Issue Terms, the Stop Loss Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (i) above or 
(ii) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Stop Loss Level on any Stop Loss 
Observation Date falling in the Stop Loss Observation Date. 
"Stop Loss Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Stop Loss Observation Date, the 
Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Stop Loss Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial 
Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT 
the Stop Loss Level may be adjusted throughout the term of the Product in accordance with (a) and/or 
(b) below: 
(a) 
if the Underlying is a Share (or the Underlying provides exposure to shares or equity securities), 
the Stop Loss Level may be adjusted to account for the effect of any dividends corresponding 
such Underlying (or such underlying shares or equity securities) on the Hedge Positions in 
relation to such Underlying (or such underlying share or equity security); and/or 
(b) 
if any event occurs which entitles the Issuer to adjust the Conditions of the Products in 
accordance with the Underlying Specific Conditions, the Stop Loss Level may be adjusted to 
reflect any changes to the Hedge Positions in relation to such Underlying as a result of such 
event. 
"Stop Loss Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day falling 
in the relevant Stop Loss Observation Period.  
"Stop Loss Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Stop Loss Redemption Date" means the number of Business Days specified in the Issue Terms 
following the first Stop Loss Observation Date in respect of which a Stop Loss Event has occurred. 
"Strike Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, any of (i) or (ii) below (as specified in the 
Issue Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Warrant 
Product' or 'Call Knock-Out Warrant Product' in the Issue Terms, the Final Fixing Level 
of the Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) 
the Strike Level of such Underlying;

--- Page 242 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
241 
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put Warrant 
Product' or 'Put Knock-Out Warrant' in the Issue Terms, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the 
Strike Level of such Underlying. 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or (vi) 
below (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Warrant 
Product' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'All' in the Issue Terms, the 
Final Fixing Basket Level is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) the Strike Basket Level; 
(ii) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put Warrant 
Product' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'All' in the Issue Terms, the 
Final Fixing Basket Level is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) the Strike Basket Level; 
(iii) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Warrant 
Product' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Worst' in the Issue Terms, 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at 
or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Level (Worst); 
(iv) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put Warrant 
Product' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Worst' in the Issue Terms, 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at 
or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Level (Worst); 
(v) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Warrant 
Product' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Best' in the Issue Terms, 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at 
or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Level (Best); 
(vi) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put Warrant 
Product' in the Issue Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Best' in the Issue Terms, 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at 
or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Strike Level (Best). 
If the Final Fixing Level or Final Fixing Basket Level is at the Strike Level and a Strike Event has 
occurred, the Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Payout Condition 11.1(c)(i), 
11.1(c)(ii), 11.1(c)(iii), 11.1(c)(iv), 11.1(c)(v), 11.1(c)(vi), 11.1(c)(vii) or 11.1(c)(viii) (as applicable) 
shall be equal to zero. 
"Strike Level (Best)" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying.  
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"Strike Percentage" means, in respect of an Underlying, the percentage specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as defined in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions. 
"Unwind Liquidation Price" means, in respect of an Underlying and the occurrence of a Stop Loss 
Event, an amount equal to (a) the price of the Underlying at which the Hedge Positions in respect of the 
Underlying are unwound following the occurrence of such Stop Loss Event minus (b) any costs incurred 
by the Hedging Entity as a result of unwinding such Hedge Positions. 
"Upside Cap" shall be specified to be 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 243 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
242 
 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying Performance, 
provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying Performance, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such Underlyings shall be deemed to be 
the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 244 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
243 
 
12. 
Outperformance Products 
This paragraph 12 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Products in respect of which the Payout 
Style is specified to be 'Outperformance Product' in the Issue Terms. 
12.1 
Outperformance Product Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
Not applicable – the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the Payout 
Style is specified to be 'Outperformance Product' in the Issue Terms (and no Coupon Amount(s) 
will be payable in respect of such Products). 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable – the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the Payout 
Style is specified to be 'Outperformance Product' in the Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product at the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
Outperformance with Participation 
This paragraph 12.1(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which 'Outperformance Product Style' is specified to be 'Outperformance with 
Participation' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) or (B) 
below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be determined 
in accordance with (1), (2) or (3) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms 
and 'Downside Participation' is specified as 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(Final Performance; 0); 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms 
and 'Downside Participation' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 [((CA × PP) + (CA × DPP × Final Return)); 0]; 
(3) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (i) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on 
the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and (ii) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date.

--- Page 245 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
244 
 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has occurred the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(CA × PP) + (CA × UPP × Final Return), 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with the formula in 
12.1(c)(i)(B) above is greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, then for 
the purposes of this paragraph 12.1(c)(i)(B) only, the Redemption Amount shall 
be equal to the Maximum Redemption Amount. 
(ii) 
Participation Certificate with Airbag feature 
This paragraph 12.1(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect 
of which 'Outperformance Product Style' is specified to be 'Participation Certificate with 
Airbag feature' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be determined 
in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Downside Participation' is specified as 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Final Performance; 0); or 
(2) 
if 'Downside Participation' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 [((CA × PP) + (CA × DPP × Final Return)); 0] 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Final Redemption Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(2) 
if a Final Redemption Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × PP) + (CA × UPP × 𝑀𝑖𝑛 [Final Return; FRC]) 
12.2 
Outperformance Product Definitions 
"Bearish Final Basket Return" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each Underlying in 
respect of Products for which 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, which shall 
be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × (IP (FR) −Final Fixing Leveli
Initial Fixing Leveli
)
N
i=1
 
Where:

--- Page 246 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
245 
 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket; 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"IP (FR)" means Inverse Percentage (Final Return); 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Bearish Final Basket Return (Strike)" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each 
Underlying in respect of Products for which 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue 
Terms, which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
∑NUCi × (IP (FR) −Final Fixing Leveli
Strike Leveli
)
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket; 
"IP (FR)" means Inverse Percentage (Final Return); 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"Strike Leveli" means the Strike Level of Underlying "i". 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying Performance, 
provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying Performance, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such Underlyings shall be deemed to be 
the Best Performing Underlying. 
"CA" means Calculation Amount. 
"DPP" or "Downside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Final Basket Return" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each Underlying, which shall 
be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × ( Final Fixing Leveli
Initial Fixing Leveli
−Strike Percentage)
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;

--- Page 247 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
246 
 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the maximum percentage and, if applicable, the minimum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Basket Return (Strike)" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each Underlying, 
which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × (Final Fixing Leveli
Strike Leveli
 −Strike Percentage)
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; 
"Strike Leveli" means the Strike Level of Underlying "i"; and 
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the maximum percentage and, if applicable, the minimum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying in respect 
of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 248 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
247 
 
"Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as specified in 
the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP (FP) −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:

--- Page 249 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
248 
 
IP (FP) −Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP (FP) −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP (FP) −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP (FP) −Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP (FP) −Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
"Final Redemption Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its 
Initial Fixing Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) zero (0); or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (I) above or 
(II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Initial Fixing Level; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its 
Initial Fixing Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) zero (0); or

--- Page 250 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
249 
 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (I) below or 
(II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Initial Fixing Level. 
"Final Return" means one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A), (B) or (C) below as 
specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue 
Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Initial Fixing Level)
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Initial Fixing Level
 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B), (C), (D) or (E) 
below as specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula or text below 
in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Initial Fixing Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Strike Level (Worst)
 
(D) 
the Final Basket Return; 
(E) 
the Final Basket Return (Strike); or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below as specified 
in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Issue Terms):

--- Page 251 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
250 
 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP (FR) −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP (FR) −Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B), (C) or (D) below 
as specified in the Issue Terms (by replicating the relevant formula or text below in the 
Issue Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP (FR) −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
IP (FR) −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(C) 
Bearish Final Basket Return; or 
(D) 
Bearish Final Basket Return (Strike). 
"FRC" or "Final Redemption Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to 
the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable) 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 252 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
251 
 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"IP (FP)" or "Inverse Percentage (Final Performance)" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"IP (FR)" or "Inverse Percentage (Final Return)" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"PP" or "Protection Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such amount 
is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, any of (a), (b) or (c) below (as specified in 
the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in 
the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying; or 
(c) 
the Strike Level of such Underlying. 
"Strike Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its 
Strike Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms):

--- Page 253 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
252 
 
(A) 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Amount; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (I) above or 
(II) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its 
Strike Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as specified in the 
Issue Terms) the Strike Barrier Amount; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (I) below or 
(II) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) its Strike Barrier Level. 
"Strike Level (Best)" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying.  
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"UPP" or "Upside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying Performance, 
provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying Performance, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such Underlyings shall be deemed to be 
the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 254 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
253 
 
13. 
Long/Short Products 
This paragraph 13 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Products in respect of which the Payout 
Style is specified to be 'Long/Short Product' in the Issue Terms. 
13.1 
Long/Short Product Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
Not applicable – the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Long/Short Products (and no Coupon 
Amount(s) will be payable in respect of such Products). 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable – the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Long/Short Products.  
Notwithstanding that the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Long/Short Products, such 
Products may be redeemed prior to their scheduled Redemption Date in accordance with 
paragraph 13.1(c)(i) below if 'Stop Loss Early Redemption' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Issue Terms, as described below. 
(c) 
Redemption Provisions 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable). If the 
Products are redeemed in accordance with paragraph (i) below the Products shall redeem the 
Products early on the Stop Loss Redemption Date (as described further in paragraph (i) below).  
(i) 
Early Redemption on the Stop Loss Redemption Date 
This paragraph 13.1(c)(i) shall only apply to Products in respect of which 'Stop Loss 
Early Redemption' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Stop Loss Event has occurred in respect of 
any Stop Loss Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product early on the 
Stop Loss Redemption Date at an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the Stop 
Loss Redemption Amount. 
(ii) 
Redemption on the Redemption Date 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date by payment of the Redemption 
Amount, which shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with paragraph (A), (B) or (C) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
Long/Short Product with no Management Fee Deduction 
This paragraph 13.1(c)(ii)(A) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which 'Long/Short Product Style' is specified to be 'Long/Short 
Product with no Management Fee Deduction' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Adjustment Factor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [PP × Final Strategy Level; 0]

--- Page 255 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
254 
 
(2) 
if 'Adjustment Factor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [AF + (PP × Final Strategy Level); 0] 
(B) 
Long/Short Product with Management Fee Deduction 
This paragraph 13.1(c)(ii)(B) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which 'Long/Short Product Style' is specified to be 'Long/Short 
Product with Management Fee Deduction' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable):  
(1) 
if 'Adjustment Factor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:  
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [((PP × Final Strategy Level) −Management Fee Deduction); 0] 
(2) 
if 'Adjustment Factor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [(AF + (PP × Final Strategy Level) −Management Fee Deduction); 0] 
(C) 
Long/Short Product with Outperformance Participation 
This paragraph 13.1(c)(ii)(C) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which 'Long/Short Product Style' is specified to be 'Long/Short 
Product with Outperformance Participation' in the Issue Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if Final Performance (Long) is above Final Performance (Short), the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + 𝑈𝑃𝑃𝑥 Final Strategy Level) 
(2) 
if Final Performance (Long) is at or below Final Performance (Short), the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝐶alculation Amount × (100% + 𝐷𝑃𝑃𝑥 Final Strategy Level); 0] 
13.2 
Long/Short Product Definitions 
"AF" or "Adjustment Factor" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"DPP" or "Downside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing

--- Page 256 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
255 
 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Final Performance" means, in respect of the Long Underlying or the Short Underlying, either (a) or 
(b) below (as applicable):  
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying' in the 
Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified in the Issue Terms by replicating the relevant 
formula in the Issue Terms) in respect of the Long Underlying or Short Underlying (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Level −Initial Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(ii) 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings' in the 
Issue Terms, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified in the Issue Terms by replicating the relevant 
formula in the Issue Terms) in respect of the Long Underlying or Short Underlying (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
LS Final Fixing Basket Level −LS Initial Fixing Basket Level
LS Initial Fixing Basket Level
; or 
(ii) 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
LS Final Fixing Basket Level −LS Strike Basket Level
LS Initial Fixing Basket Level
; or 
"Final Performance (Long)" means the Final Performance in respect of the Long Underlying. 
"Final Performance (Short)" means the Final Performance in respect of the Short Underlying. 
"Final Strategy Level" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Performance (Long) −Final Performance (Short) 
"Initial Product Value" means, an amount in respect of each Calculation Amount for each Product in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the market value of such 
Product in respect of the Initial Fixing Date (or as specified as such in the Issue Terms). 
"Long/Short Product" means each Product in respect of which the Payout Style is specified to be 
'Long/Short Product' in the Issue Terms. 
"Long/Short Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified in the 
Issue Terms: 'Long/Short Product with no Adjustment Factor' or 'Long/Short Product with Adjustment 
Factor'. 
"Long Underlying" means one of the following (as applicable):

--- Page 257 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
256 
 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying' in the Issue 
Terms, the Underlying specified as the 'Long Underlying' in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings' in the 
Issue Terms, the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' in the Issue Terms. 
"LS Final Fixing Basket Level" or "Long/Short Final Fixing Basket Level" means, in respect of 
Products for which the 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings' and either the Long 
Underlying or Short Underlying (as applicable), an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of the following formula: 
∑NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across, in respect of (i) the Long Underlying, each Underlying contained 
in the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' in the Issue Terms or (ii) the Short 
Underlying, each Underlying contained in the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Short Underlying' 
in the Issue Terms, and: 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket of 
Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short Underlying' (as applicable) in the 
Issue Terms;  
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the basket of Underlyings 
specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short Underlying' (as applicable) in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"LS Initial Fixing Basket Level" or "Long/Short Initial Fixing Basket Level" means, in respect of 
Products for which the 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings' and either the Long 
Underlying or Short Underlying (as applicable), one of the following (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
if 'Long/Short Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue 
Terms, the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of the Long Underlying or 
Short Underlying (as applicable); or 
(b) 
if 'Long/Short Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue 
Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula 
in respect of the Long Underlying or Short Underlying (as applicable): 
∑NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across, in respect of (i) the Long Underlying, each Underlying contained 
in the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' in the Issue Terms or (ii) the Short 
Underlying, each Underlying contained in the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Short Underlying' 
in the Issue Terms, and: 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket of 
Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short Underlying' (as applicable) in the 
Issue Terms;  
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the basket of Underlyings 
specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short Underlying' (as applicable) in the Issue Terms;

--- Page 258 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
257 
 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"LS Strike Basket Level" or "Long/Short Strike Basket Level" means, in respect of a Product for 
which the 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings' and either the Long Underlying or Short 
Underlying (as applicable), one of the following (as specified in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
if 'Long/Short Strike Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, the 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of the Long Underlying or Short 
Underlying (as applicable); or 
(b) 
if 'Long/Short Strike Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Issue Terms, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula in respect 
of the Long Underlying or Short Underlying (as applicable): 
∑NUCi × Strike Leveli
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across, in respect of (A) the Long Underlying, each Underlying contained 
in the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' in the Issue Terms or (B) the Short 
Underlying, each Underlying contained in the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Short Underlying' 
in the Issue Terms, and: 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket of 
Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short Underlying' (as applicable) in the 
Issue Terms;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the basket of Underlyings 
specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short Underlying' (as applicable) in the Issue Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"Strike Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i". 
"Management Fee Deduction" means, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula:  
Management Fee × DCF 
Where: 
"DCF" means either: 
(i) 
t
360 ; or 
(ii) 
actual
365 , 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Management Fee" means the per annum rate specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"t" means the number of calendar days falling in the period from (but excluding) the Initial 
Fixing Date to (and including) the Final Fixing Date.  
"PP" or "Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine

--- Page 259 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
258 
 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to 
the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Short Underlying" means one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying' in the Issue 
Terms, the Underlying specified as the 'Short Underlying' in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings' in the 
Issue Terms, the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Short Underlying' in the Issue Terms. 
"Stop Loss Event" means (and a Stop Loss Event shall be deemed to have occurred if) the Stop Loss 
Product Value on any Stop Loss Observation Date is either (a) below or (b) at or below (as specified in 
the Issue Terms) the Stop Loss Barrier Level.  
"Stop Loss Barrier Level" means an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Product Value of such 
Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, 
such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing 
market conditions on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Stop Loss Observation Date" means each day falling in the Stop Loss Observation Period that is an 
Underlying Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket of Underlyings. 
"Stop Loss Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Stop Loss Product Value" means, in respect of any Stop Loss Observation Date, an amount in respect 
of each Calculation Amount for each Product in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent as being equal to the market value of such Product in respect of such Stop Loss Observation Date. 
Such amount shall be determined by reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent considers to be 
appropriate including, without limitation: 
(a) 
market prices or values for the Underlying(s) and other relevant economic variables (such as 
interest rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant time; 
(b) 
the remaining life of the Products had they remained outstanding to scheduled maturity and/or 
any scheduled early redemption date; 
(c) 
the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption which would have been applicable 
had the Products remained outstanding to scheduled maturity and/or any scheduled early 
redemption date; 
(d) 
internal pricing models; and 
(e) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for Products similar to the Products. 
"Stop Loss Redemption Amount" means, in respect of the first Stop Loss Observation Date in respect 
of which a Stop Loss Event has occurred, the Stop Loss Product Value in respect of such Stop Loss 
Observation Date. 
"Stop Loss Redemption Date" means the number of Business Days specified in the Issue Terms 
following the first Stop Loss Observation Date in respect of which a Stop Loss Event has occurred. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant Underlying 
Specific Conditions. 
"UPP" or "Upside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the 
Issue Terms.

--- Page 260 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
259 
 
14. 
Dispersion Products 
This paragraph 14 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the Payout 
Style is specified to be 'Dispersion Products' in the Issue Terms. 
14.1 
Dispersion Warrant on Basket 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
Not applicable – the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Dispersion Products (and no Coupon 
Amount(s) will be payable in respect of such Products). 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms and the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation 
Date or an Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), then unless the Products have been 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the 
Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date or the Autocall 
Observation Period (as applicable) in respect of which the Autocall Event occurred at the 
Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the Conditions 
specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the same date as the 
Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the Autocall Observation Date or 
the Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) corresponding to such final Autocall 
Redemption Date, each Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the 
final Autocall Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts 
shall be payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Autocall 
Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date in 
accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if the Final Basket Dispersion is at or above the Strike Level, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
CA × min {FRC; max[0; (Final Basket Dispersion - Strike Level)]}; or 
(B) 
otherwise, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to zero. 
14.2 
Dispersion Product Definitions 
"Autocall Coupon Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the amount specified 
as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Event" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Autocall Observation Period' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in respect 
of an Autocall Observation Date (and an Autocall Event shall be deemed to have occurred in 
respect of an Autocall Observation Date if), any of (A) or (B) below (as specified in the Issue 
Terms): 
(A) 
the Basket Dispersion on such Autocall Observation Date is either (1) above or 
(2) at or above (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Basket Level 
in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or

--- Page 261 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
260 
 
(B) 
the Basket Dispersion on such Autocall Observation Date is either (1) below or 
(2) at or below (as specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Basket Level 
in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or  
(b) 
if 'Autocall Observation Period' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, in respect of 
an Autocall Observation Period (and an Autocall Event shall be deemed to have occurred in 
respect of an Autocall Observation Period if) either (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
the Basket Dispersion on any Common Autocall Period Observation Date falling 
in such Autocall Observation Period is either (1) above or (2) at or above (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Basket Level in respect of such 
Autocall Observation Period; or 
(B) 
the Basket Dispersion on any Common Autocall Period Observation Date falling 
in such Autocall Observation Period is either (1) below or (2) at or below (as 
specified in the Issue Terms) the Autocall Trigger Basket Level in respect of such 
Autocall Observation Period. 
"Autocall Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or a Common Autocall 
Period Observation Date (as applicable) and an Underlying, the Level of such Underlying specified as 
such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Autocall Observation Date or such Common Autocall Period 
Observation Date (as applicable). 
"Autocall Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is specified as 
'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject 
as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following 
day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(b) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is specified as 
'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation Date(s) in the Issue Terms, 
subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue 
Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Autocall Observation Period" means, if specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, each period 
specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Period Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day 
falling in the relevant Autocall Observation Period. 
"Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, one of the 
following: 
(a) 
the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount plus Autocall Coupon Amount' is specified in the Issue 
Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum of the Fixed 
Autocall Redemption Amount in respect of such Autocall Redemption Date and the Autocall 
Coupon Amount in respect of such Autocall Redemption Date.  
"Autocall Redemption Date" means, in respect of either (a) an Autocall Observation Date on which an 
Autocall Event has occurred or (b) an Autocall Observation Period in respect of which an Autocall Event 
has occurred, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the date specified as an 'Autocall Redemption Date' in the Issue Terms that falls immediately 
after such Autocall Observation Date or such Autocall Observation Period (as applicable); or

--- Page 262 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
261 
 
(b) 
if an Autocall Redemption Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date or such Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Table" the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or an Autocall 
Observation Period (as applicable) and a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified in respect of such Autocall Observation 
Date or such Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) in the Issue Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Basket Dispersion" means, on any date, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula in respect of such date:  
1
𝑛× ∑
ABS  (
𝐹𝑖𝑥𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑖𝑥𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑖- Basket Performance
n
i=1
) 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Issue Terms and: 
"ABS" means, when placed before a bracket containing a formula, the absolute value of the 
calculation output of such formula, such that any negative amount obtained from applying such 
formula shall be deemed to be a positive amount having the same numerical value as such 
negative amount (and, for example, ABS(-0.01) will be equal to 0.01, and Abs(0.01) will be 
equal to 0.01); 
"Basket Performance" means, on any day, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula in respect of such date: 
∑Wi × 
n
i=1
𝐹𝑖𝑥𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑖𝑥𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑖 
Where: 
"W" means the weight of the relevant Underlying specified in the relevant Issue Terms [(and 
which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be a negative value)];  
"Fixing Leveli" means, on any day, the Fixing Level of Underlying "i" on such day; 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket; 
and 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Common Autocall Period Observation Date" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Period, 
each day falling in such Autocall Observation Period that is an Autocall Period Observation Date for 
each of the Underlyings in the basket of Underlyings. 
"Final Basket Dispersion" means the Basket Dispersion on the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 263 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
262 
 
"FRC" or "Final Redemption Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to 
the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Level" means an amount equal to the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to 
the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 264 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
263 
 
15. 
Steepener Products 
This paragraph 15 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Steepener Products' in the Issue Terms. 
15.1 
Steepener Products with Spread (Note or Certificate) Payout 
This paragraph 15.1 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Spread (Note or Certificate)' in the Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date 
shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'DCF Accrual' in the Issue Terms, the Coupon 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula (where the 
Calculation Period for the purposes of determining the Day Count Fraction is the 
relevant Coupon Observation Period):  
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎[FP; LF × (Coupon Spread −Spread Strike Level)] × DCF; 
(ii) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'Single Observation' in the Issue Terms, the 
Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎[FP; LF × (Coupon Spread −Spread Strike Level)];  or 
(iii) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'Daily Average Accrual' in the Issue Terms, the 
Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × [∑LF × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(FP; Spreadi −Spread Strike Level) × 1
𝑛
𝑛
𝑖=1
] 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Observation Date falling in the 
Coupon Observation Period specified in respect of the relevant Coupon Payment Date in 
the Issue Terms and: 
"Spreadi" means the Spread in respect of Coupon Observation Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Coupon 
Observation Date; and 
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the total number of Coupon 
Observation Dates falling in the Coupon Observation Period specified in respect 
of such Coupon Payment Date. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not Applicable - the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which 
the Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Spread (Note or Certificate)' in the Issue 
Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date at the Redemption Amount, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 265 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
264 
 
Calculation Amount × PP 
15.2 
Steepener Products with Accrual Steepener (Warrant) Payout 
This paragraph 15.2 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Accrual Steepener (Warrant)' in the Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date 
shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'DCF Accrual' in the Issue Terms, the Coupon 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula (where the 
Calculation Period for the purposes of determining the Day Count Fraction is the 
relevant Coupon Observation Period):  
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎[FP; LF × (Coupon Spread −Spread Strike Level)] × DCF; 
(ii) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'Single Observation' in the Issue Terms, the 
Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎[FP; LF × (Coupon Spread −Spread Strike Level)];  or 
(iii) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'Daily Average Accrual' in the Issue Terms, the 
Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × [∑LF × 𝑀𝑎𝑥(FP; Spreadi −Spread Strike Level) × 1
𝑛
𝑛
𝑖=1
] 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Observation Date falling in the 
Coupon Observation Period specified in respect of the relevant Coupon Payment Date in 
the Issue Terms and: 
"Spreadi" means the Spread in respect of Coupon Observation Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Coupon 
Observation Date; and 
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the total number of Coupon 
Observation Dates falling in the Coupon Observation Period specified in respect 
of such Coupon Payment Date. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not Applicable - the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which 
the Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Accrual Steepener (Warrant)' in the Issue 
Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each 
Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date at a Redemption Amount equal to 
zero (and shall expire worthless).  
15.3 
Steepener Products with Single Look (Warrant) Payout 
This paragraph 15.3 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Single Look (Warrant)' in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 266 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
265 
 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
Not applicable - the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which the 
Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Single Look (Warrant)' in the Issue Terms (and 
no Coupon Amount(s) will be payable in respect of such Products). 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not Applicable - the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which 
the Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Single Look (Warrant)' in the Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date at the Redemption Amount, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑎[FP; LF × (Final Spread −Spread Strike Level)] 
15.4 
Steepener Products Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Steepener Products' in the Issue Terms: 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 15 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation Date(s) in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for either 
Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day 
for both Underlying 1 and Underlying 2;  
(b) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation Date(s) in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying; or  
(c) 
where "Common Observation" is specified in respect of the Coupon Observation Date(s) 
in the Issue Terms, each day falling in the relevant Coupon Observation Period for such 
Coupon Payment Date which is (i) a Scheduled Trading Day for both Underlying 1 and 
Underlying 2; and (ii) not a Disrupted Day for either Underlying 1 or Underlying 2. 
"Coupon Observation Period" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the period 
specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Issue Terms, each date set forth in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)',

--- Page 267 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
266 
 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Spread" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the Spread in respect of 
such Coupon Observation Date.  
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction.  
"Final Spread" means the Spread in respect of the Final Fixing Date.  
"Floor" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"FP" or "Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"LF" or "Leverage Factor" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
amount is specified to be indicative, such amount as the Calculation Agent shall determine in 
its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, 
subject to the minimum amount and, if applicable, the maximum amount specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"PP" or "Protection Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 15 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Spread" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date or Final Fixing Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Level of Underlying 1 −Underlying Level of Underlying 2 
"Spread Strike Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date or Redemption Date, an 
amount specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such amount is specified to be indicative, 
such amount as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account 
prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum amount and, if 
applicable, the maximum amount specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Steepener Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms: 'Spread (Note or Certificate)', 'Accrual Steepener (Warrant)' or 'Single Look 
(Warrant)'. 
"Strike Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Issue Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT if 'Predetermined Strike Level' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in respect of the Strike Level in the Issue Terms, notwithstanding that the Strike 
Level is expressed as a percentage of the Initial Fixing Level in the Issue Terms, the Strike Level 
was determined on a date prior to the date on which the Initial Fixing Level is determined. 
"Underlying 1" means the Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 268 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
267 
 
"Underlying 2" means the Underlying specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying 1 or Underlying 2 and: 
(a) 
a Coupon Observation Date, the Coupon Fixing Level of such Underlying on such 
Coupon Observation Date; or 
(b) 
a Final Fixing Date, the Final Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Final Fixing 
Date. 
"Underlying Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date or Final Fixing Date and 
an Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms (by 
replicating the relevant formula or text below in the Issue Terms): 
(a) 
the Underlying Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date or 
Final Fixing Date;  
(b) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
(c) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(d) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level

--- Page 269 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
268 
 
16. 
General Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of all Products: 
"Autocall Provisions" means the provisions of these Payout Conditions that provide for the potential 
early redemption of Products at the Autocall Amount upon the occurrence of an Autocall Event and will 
be specified as either 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Average" means, in respect of an Underlying and either: 
(a) 
the Initial Lookback Observation Dates, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as being 
equal to (i) the aggregate of the Levels of such Underlying in respect of all Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates for such Underlying divided by (ii) the number of Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates for such Underlying; 
(b) 
the Initial Lookback Observation Period, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
being equal to (i) the aggregate of the Levels of such Underlying in respect of all Initial 
Lookback Period Observation Dates for such Underlying falling in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period divided by (ii) the number of Initial Lookback Period Observation Dates for 
such Underlying falling in the Initial Lookback Observation Period; or 
(c) 
the Final Fixing Averaging Dates, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as being equal 
to (i) the aggregate of the Levels of such Underlying in respect of all Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates for such Underlying divided by (ii) the number of Final Fixing Averaging Dates for such 
Underlying. 
"Conversion Ratio" means, in respect of the Delivery Underlying, either (a), (b) or (c) below (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Conversion Ratio' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Issue Terms, the number 
specified as such in respect of such Underlying in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Conversion Ratio' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount – Bullish Products' in the Issue 
Terms, a number determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with either paragraph (i) 
or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, a number 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount
Settlement Initial Level ; or 
(ii) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, a number determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(
Calculation Amount
Settlement Initial Level × Settlement FX Rate) ; or 
(c) 
if 'Conversion Ratio' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in the Issue 
Terms, a number determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with either paragraph (i) 
or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, a number 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Corresponding Redemption Amount
Settlement Fixing Level
; or 
(ii) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, a number determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 270 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
269 
 
Corresponding Redemption Amount
Settlement Fixing Level × Settlement FX Rate 
"Conversion Ratio (Rounded)" means a number determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal 
to the Conversion Ratio rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the Delivery Underlying. 
"Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the coupon amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date as determined in accordance with the relevant paragraph of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of these Payout Conditions that provide for the potential 
payment of Coupon Amount(s) on the relevant Coupon Payment Dates and will be specified as either 
'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms. 
"Corresponding Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a Product for which 'Settlement Type' is 
specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash Settlement' or 'Delivery and Residual Cash Settlement or 
Cash Settlement', an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the amount that 
would have been paid as the Redemption Amount for such Product if 'Settlement Type' had been 
specified as 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in the Issue Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) 
the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1) + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)]
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 271 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
270 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day of the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified means, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1) + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)]
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day of the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
"Delivery Date" means the Redemption Date, subject to the provisions of General Condition 6. 
"Delivery Underlying" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if the Products are linked to one Underlying, such Underlying; or 
(b) 
if the Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: (a) each Underlying (b) the Worst 
Performing Underlying or (c) the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Entitlement" means, in respect of each Product, a number equal to the Conversion Ratio (Rounded) of 
the Delivery Underlying. The Entitlement will be determined per Product without first aggregating the 
entire holding of Products held by an Investor. 
"Final Fixing Averaging Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either:

--- Page 272 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
271 
 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Final Fixing Averaging Date(s) 
in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date 
so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Final Fixing Averaging Date(s) 
in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date 
so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day 
for such Underlying. 
"Final Fixing Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products which are not Tracker Products, one of the following (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(A) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Final Fixing Date in the 
Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, the date 
specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled 
Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(B) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Final Fixing Date in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, the 
date specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying; or  
(iii) 
in respect of Products linked to a Spread Underlying or Steepener Products, either: 
(A) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Final Fixing Date in the 
Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date 
so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day 
for either Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, the next following day that is a Scheduled 
Trading Day for both Underlying 1 and Underlying 2; or 
(B) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Final Fixing Date in the 
Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date 
so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, or 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying 1 or Underlying 
2, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying 1 or Underlying 
2; or  
(b) 
in respect of Tracker Products, as defined in paragraph 8.3 of these Payout Conditions.  
"Final Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying one of the following as specified in the Issue 
Terms: 
(a) 
the Level of such Underlying in respect of the Final Fixing Date;

--- Page 273 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
272 
 
(b) 
the lowest Level of such Underlying in respect of each Final Fixing Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
the Average of the Levels of such Underling in respect of all Final Fixing Averaging Dates. 
"Initial Fixing Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Fixing Date in the Issue 
Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Fixing Date in the Issue 
Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as 
such in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying, PROVIDED THAT, in respect of any relevant variable that is specified in 
the Issue Terms to be 'indicative' and to be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Initial Fixing Date, if the Initial Fixing Date falls on different dates for different 
Underlyings, such variable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by the latest of 
such dates; or  
(c) 
in respect of Products linked to a Spread Underlying or Steepener Products, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Fixing Date in the Issue 
Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified 
in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for either Underlying 
1 or Underlying 2, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for both 
Underlying 1 and Underlying 2; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Fixing Date in the Issue 
Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified 
in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, PROVIDED THAT, in 
respect of any relevant variable that is specified in the Issue Terms to be 'indicative' and 
to be determined by the Calculation Agent on the Initial Fixing Date, if the Initial Fixing 
Date falls on different dates for different Underlyings, such variable shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent by the latest of such dates.  
"Initial Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of following as specified in the Issue 
Terms (and, if the amount determined in accordance with either (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g) or (h) (as 
applicable) is known at the time of producing the Issue Terms, such amount shall also be specified in the 
Issue Terms): 
(a) 
the Level of such Underlying in respect of the Initial Fixing Date; or 
(b) 
the Level of such Underlying in respect of the Underlying Initial Fixing Date; or 
(c) 
the lowest Level of such Underlying in respect of each Initial Lookback Observation Date;

--- Page 274 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
273 
 
(d) 
the lowest Level of such Underlying in respect of each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date falling in the Initial Lookback Observation Period; 
(e) 
the highest Level of such Underlying in respect of each Initial Lookback Observation Date; 
(f) 
the highest Level of such Underlying in respect of each Initial Lookback Period Observation 
Date falling in the Initial Lookback Observation Period; 
(g) 
the Average of the Levels of such Underlying in respect of all Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates; or 
(h) 
the Average of the Levels of such Underlying in respect of the Initial Lookback Observation 
Period, 
PROVIDED THAT each reference to 'Level' in respect of an Underlying in this definition of Initial 
Fixing Level shall be deemed to refer to the specific type of Level specified in the Issue Terms for such 
Underlying in respect of the Initial Fixing Level. 
"Initial Lookback Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Lookback Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, 
each date so specified in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day 
for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day 
for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Lookback Observation 
Date(s) in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, 
each date so specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day for such Underlying. 
"Initial Lookback Observation Period" means, in respect of an Underlying, the period specified as 
such in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Lookback Period Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying 
Trading Day falling in the relevant Initial Lookback Observation Period. 
"Level" has the meaning given to such term in the Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Max" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of the amounts 
separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Min" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the lesser of the amounts 
separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Payout Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms: 
'Yield Enhancement Products', 'Twin Win Products', 'Fixed Redemption Products', 'Protection Products', 
'Bonus Products', 'Reverse Convertible', 'Barrier Reverse Convertible Products', 'Dual Currency Product', 
'Tracker Product', 'Discount Product', 'Leverage Product', 'Outperformance Product', 'Long/Short 
Product', 'Dispersion Product' or 'Steepener Product'.

--- Page 275 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
274 
 
"Price Source" means, in respect of a Settlement FX Rate, the price source, providing the relevant price 
of the Settlement FX Rate for the Products, specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a Product, the amount payable on the Redemption Date as 
determined in accordance with the relevant sub-paragraph of these Payout Conditions that is applicable 
to the Product. 
"Redemption Date" means one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products which are not Tracker Products, one of the following as specified in the 
Issue Terms: 
(i) 
the date specified as such in the Issue Terms (subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Issue Terms, the next following 
Business Day); or 
(ii) 
the number of Business Days following either (A) the Final Fixing Date or (B) the later 
of (I) the Final Fixing Date and (II) the Settlement FX Fixing Date, as specified in the 
Issue Terms and in each case, if the Final Fixing Dates and/or Settlement FX Dates fall 
on different dates for different Underlyings, the number of Business Days following the 
latest of such dates to occur; or 
(b) 
in respect of Tracker Products, as defined in paragraph 8.3 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Residual Cash Amount" means, in respect the Delivery Underlying, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Issue Terms, a number determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Residual Fraction × Settlement Fixing Level 
(b) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, a number determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Residual Fraction × (Settlement Fixing Level × Settlement FX Rate) 
"Residual Fraction" means, in respect of a Product and the Delivery Underlying, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the Conversion Ratio minus the Conversion Ratio (Rounded). 
"Settlement Fixing Level" means the Final Fixing Level of the Delivery Underlying. 
"Settlement FX Exchange Rate Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Settlement FX Rate, the time 
specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Settlement FX Fixing Date" means the Final Fixing Date in respect of the Delivery Underlying, 
provided that the Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions will apply to such date as if such date was 
an Underlying Valuation Date.  
"Settlement FX Rate" means, in respect of the Delivery Underlying and a Settlement FX Fixing Date, 
an exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Settlement Currency (or fractional amounts 
thereof) per one unit of the Underlying Currency which appears on the Price Source at approximately the 
Settlement FX Exchange Rate Valuation Time, as determined by the Calculation Agent, PROVIDED 
THAT if the Underlying Currency is the same as the Settlement Currency the Settlement FX Rate in 
respect of such Underlying shall be deemed to be 1 (one). 
"Settlement Initial Level" means, in respect of the Delivery Underlying, either (a) the Initial Fixing 
Level or (b) the Strike Level, as specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Strike Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of following as specified in the Issue Terms (and, 
if the amount determined in accordance with either (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g) or (h) (as applicable) is 
known at the time of producing the Issue Terms, such amount shall also be specified in the Issue Terms):

--- Page 276 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
275 
 
(a) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Level of such Underlying in respect of the Underlying 
Initial Fixing Date; or 
(c) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the lowest Level of such Underlying in respect of each 
Initial Lookback Observation Date; 
(d) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the lowest Level of such Underlying in respect of each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date falling in the Initial Lookback Observation Period; 
or 
(e) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the highest Level of such Underlying in respect of each 
Initial Lookback Observation Date; or 
(f) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the highest Level of such Underlying in respect of each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date falling in the Initial Lookback Observation Period; 
or 
(g) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Average of the Levels of such Underlying in respect 
of all Initial Lookback Observation Dates; or 
(h) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Average of the Levels of such Underlying in respect 
of the Initial Lookback Observation Period, 
PROVIDED THAT each reference to 'Level' in respect of an Underlying in this definition of Strike Level 
shall be deemed to refer to the specific type of Level specified in the Issue Terms for such Underlying in 
respect of the Strike Level AND PROVIDED THAT if 'Predetermined Strike Level' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in respect of the Strike Level in the Issue Terms, notwithstanding that the Strike Level is 
expressed as a percentage of the Initial Fixing Level in the Issue Terms, the Strike Level was determined 
on a date prior to the date on which the Initial Fixing Level is determined. 
"Tracker Products" means each Product in respect of which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Tracker 
Product' in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Currency" means, in respect of an Underlying, the currency specified as such in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Underlying Initial Fixing Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Underlying Initial Fixing Date in 
the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, the date 
specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for 
all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for 
all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Underlying Initial Fixing Date 
in the Issue Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, the date 
specified as such in the Issue Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a

--- Page 277 ---
Payout Conditions 
 
276 
 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day 
for such Underlying. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant Underlying 
Specific Conditions.

--- Page 278 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
 
277 
 
UNDERLYING SPECIFIC CONDITIONS 
SHARE LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Share Linked Conditions shall apply to Share Linked Products in respect of each 
Underlying which is a Share. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Share and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Share (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying 
Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Share on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the 
determined level of the Share in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled 
Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following 
the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.1(a) above (or if such day is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates - Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or 
more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation 
Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of 
the relevant Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant Basket 
Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking 
into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant Basket Component in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be postponed until

--- Page 279 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
 
278 
 
the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence in respect 
of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day 
determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates - Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates  
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or 
more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation 
Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of all Basket 
Components shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect 
of any Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day for one or more Shares in the basket (each such Share an "Affected Share" in respect of 
such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Share in the basket that is not an Affected Share, the relevant Level shall be 
determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Share, the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the 
relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. 
The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of such Affected Share(s) 
in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Share may be postponed until the earlier of 
(a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence in respect of such 
Affected Share or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined 
in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first 
Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
2. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events 
2.1 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred in relation to a Share, 
the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such Share and, if so, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
may (but is not obliged to): 
(a) 
(i) 
make the corresponding adjustment(s), if appropriate, to the Conditions as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative 
effect; and  
(ii) 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). In such case, such adjustments shall 
be deemed to be so made from such date(s). The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may 
(but need not) perform the appropriate adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in 
respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by the Related Exchange(s); or

--- Page 280 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
 
279 
 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less 
than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause 
to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the 
notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
2.2 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event has occurred in respect of a Share, the 
following will apply: 
(a) 
(i) 
in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, on or after the relevant Merger Date or 
Tender Offer Date (or such other date as the Calculation Agent deems relevant), the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (A) make such adjustment to the Conditions as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the 
Products of such Merger Event or Tender Offer (including adjustments to account for 
changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the 
Share), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made 
in respect of such Merger Event or Tender Offer by the Related Exchange(s) to options 
on the Share traded thereon and (B) determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting, on or after the date of the 
occurrence of the Nationalisation, Insolvency and/or Delisting, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (A) make such adjustment 
to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the 
economic effect on the Products of the relevant event, (including adjustments to account 
for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the 
Share), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made 
in respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting by the Related Exchange(s) to 
options on the Share traded thereon and (B) determine the effective date of that 
adjustment; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less 
than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause 
to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the 
notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices).  
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if in relation to a Basket Component an adjustment 
(as described in Share Linked Condition 2.1 or 2.2) is necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Share Linked Conditions in relation to each such 
Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) be entitled, but not obliged to, either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without replacement 
(and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the Conditions as it 
reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the removal of the Affected Basket 
Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket Component 
(which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the value of the Affected 
Basket Component at the time of such replacement, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket Component"). In such case, the Calculation 
Agent may make such amendments to the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate

--- Page 281 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
 
280 
 
to take into account the replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor 
Basket Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as similar to 
the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably practicable. Upon such 
replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed to be the Basket Component and 
any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket Component, to the extent permitted by 
the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Share Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), 
stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect of which such 
adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the 
relevant event or any action taken. 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to 
account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional Disruption Event (including 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relevant to the Share). Upon making any such adjustment, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), stating the 
relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect of which such 
adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity 
of the relevant event or any action taken; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above would be 
possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine that the Issuer shall 
redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' 
irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held 
by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall 
become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is published by the Exchange on or before the Business Day prior to the next date 
on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any 
relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in each case, would require 
the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to determine the amount 
payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in connection with the Products after 
taking into account such Corrected Price, and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. Any such 
determination or adjustment and the date of its first application shall be published in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Share Linked 
Products and each Underlying which is a Share: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law, a Hedging 
Disruption, an Insolvency Filing, a Failure to Deliver and/or a Reduced Number of Shares, in each case, 
if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each Share composed within a basket of Underlyings.

--- Page 282 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
 
281 
 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of a 
Share, or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
arising from the Products (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in 
tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Closing Share Price" means, on any day in respect of a Share, the official closing price of such Share 
on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
subject as provided in the Share Linked Conditions. 
"Delisting" means, in respect of a Share, that the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules 
of such Exchange, the Share ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange 
for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or 
re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where 
the Exchange is within the European Union, in any Member State of the European Union). 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange 
or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of a Share, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant 
Exchange(s) relating to such Share or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time 
unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one 
hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) 
or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to 
be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, the exchange or the quotation system as specified in the Issue 
Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in such Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent 
has determined in its reasonable discretion that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on 
such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation system).  
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading 
sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any event (other than an Early Closure) that 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general 
(a) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, such Share on the Exchange, or (b) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to such Share on any 
relevant Related Exchange. 
"Extraordinary Event" means a Merger Event, a Tender Offer, a Nationalisation, an Insolvency or a 
Delisting. 
"Failure to Deliver" means, in respect of a Share, the failure of the Share Issuer to deliver, when due, 
the relevant Shares, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for such Shares. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing the 
Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s).

--- Page 283 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
 
282 
 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of its affiliate(s) or any entity (or 
entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any underlying or hedging 
transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is likely to 
become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate the Share in a 
sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole or in part) in respect of the 
forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of the Shares. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee or other cost 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity deems necessary to hedge the risk in 
respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a Share, that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, 
winding-up, dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or any analogous proceeding affecting a Share Issuer 
(a) all the Shares of such Share Issuer are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar 
official or (b) holders of the Shares of such Share Issuer become legally prohibited from transferring 
them. 
"Insolvency Filing" means, in respect of a Share, that the Share Issuer institutes or has instituted against 
it by a regulator, supervisor or similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its principal 
or registered office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or 
any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar 
official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by 
creditors and not consented to by the Share Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Share and any relevant time on any relevant day, the price at 
which such Share trades on the relevant Exchange at such time on such day, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of a Share and any relevant day, one of the following as specified in the Issue 
Terms in respect of such Share and such day: 
(a) 
Closing Share Price; 
(b) 
Opening Share Price;  
(c) 
Intraday Price; or  
(d) 
Volume Weighted Average Price.  
"Market Disruption Event" means the occurrence or existence of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) an 
Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent regards as material, at any time during 
the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, (c) an Early Closure, or (d) an Illiquidity 
Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight Scheduled 
Trading Days.  
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event (as determined by the Calculation Agent) or, 
where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such 
other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of a Share, any (a) reclassification or change of such Share that results 
in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity 
or person, (b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer with 
or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share

--- Page 284 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
 
283 
 
exchange in which such Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding), (c) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. 
of the outstanding Shares of the Share Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment 
to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), 
or (d) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer or its affiliates 
with or into another entity in which the Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in 
a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other 
than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event (a 
"Reverse Merger") in each case if the Merger Date is on or before the Final Fixing Date or, if and to the 
extent the applicable Issue Terms provide for settlement by delivery, the Delivery Date. 
"Nationalisation" means, in respect of a Share, that all the Shares of a Share Issuer or all the assets or 
substantially all the assets of such Share Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required 
to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"Opening Share Price" means, on any day in respect of a Share, the official opening share price of such 
Share on the Exchange on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided 
in the Share Linked Conditions.  
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant Shares (unless resulting in a 
Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way 
of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (i) such Shares or 
(ii) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or a share in 
the proceeds of liquidation of the Share Issuer equally or proportionately with such payments to 
holders of such Shares or (iii) share capital or other securities of another share issuer acquired 
or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Share Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction, or (iv) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for 
payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by 
the Calculation Agent;  
(c) 
an amount per Share which the Calculation Agent determines should be characterised as an 
extraordinary dividend; 
(d) 
a call by the Share Issuer in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the Share Issuer or any of its affiliates of relevant Shares whether out of profits 
or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise;  
(f) 
in respect of the Share Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or 
becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the 
Share Issuer pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or similar arrangement directed against hostile 
takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred 
stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such 
an event shall be readjusted upon any exercise of such rights; or 
(g) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
"Reduced Number of Shares" means that at any time following an Extraordinary Event there remain a 
number of Shares of the Share Issuer less than the Relevant Number of Shares for the purposes of 
determining the redemption of the Products in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system, any successor 
to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system where trading has

--- Page 285 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
 
284 
 
a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) on the overall 
market for futures or options contracts relating to such Share. 
"Relevant Number of Shares" means the number of Shares of the Share Issuer as specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of a Share, a price for such Share, as determined and 
published by the Exchange, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Share, and in respect of an Exchange or Related 
Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or 
Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Share, any day on which each Exchange and each 
Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions.  
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, the 
original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Share" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Share Linked Conditions, each share 
specified as such in the Issue Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Share Issuer" means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of such Share. 
"Tender Offer" means, in respect of a Share, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing or 
otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, more than 10 per cent. 
and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Share Issuer, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, based upon filings made to governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other 
information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in the amount 
of the applicable percentage threshold (which shall be more than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. 
of the outstanding voting shares of the Share Issuer) are actually purchased or otherwise obtained (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading 
by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating 
to such Share on such Exchange or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to such Share on any 
relevant Related Exchange. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Share, an Exchange Business Day for such Share. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, the 
Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation Date, each 
Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker Observation Date, 
each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the Final Fixing Date and (b) each 
other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to 
determine the level of a Share, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Share Linked 
Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Share, the time at which the official closing price of such Share 
is calculated on and published by the Exchange. If the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time and the Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the 
Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
"Volume Weighted Average Price" means, on any day in respect of a Share, an amount equal to the 
volume weighted average price for such Share as displayed on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time

--- Page 286 ---
Share Linked Conditions 
 
285 
 
on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Share Linked 
Conditions.

--- Page 287 ---
Participation Certificate ("Genussscheine") Linked Conditions 
 
286 
 
PARTICIPATION CERTIFICATE (GENUSSSCHEINE) LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions shall apply to 
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Products in respect of each Underlying which is a 
Participation Certificate. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days  
1.1 
Single Participation Certificate and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Participation Certificate (and if the Issue Terms specify that this 
provision shall apply to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall 
apply to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each 
of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Participation 
Certificate on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking 
into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall publish the determined level of the Participation Certificate in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled 
Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following 
the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.1(a) above (or if such day is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or 
more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation 
Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of 
the relevant Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant Basket 
Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking 
into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant Basket Component in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices).  
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be postponed until

--- Page 288 ---
Participation Certificate ("Genussscheine") Linked Conditions 
 
287 
 
the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence in respect 
of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day 
determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or 
more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation 
Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of all Basket 
Components shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect 
of any Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day for one or more Participation Certificates in the basket (each such Participation Certificates 
an "Affected Participation Certificate" in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Participation Certificates in the basket that is not an Affected Participation 
Certificate, the relevant Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on 
such last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Participation Certificate, the Calculation Agent shall determine its 
estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances 
prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level 
of such Affected Participation Certificate(s) in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this paragraph 1.3 
due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of Disruption, the 
Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Participation Certificate may be postponed until the earlier 
of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence in respect of such 
Affected Participation Certificate or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled Trading 
Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
2. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events 
2.1 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred in relation to a 
Participation Certificate, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event 
has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such Participation Certificate and if so, 
the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to): 
(a) 
(i) 
make the corresponding adjustment(s), if appropriate, to the Conditions as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative 
effect; and  
(ii) 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). In such case, such adjustments shall 
be deemed to be so made from such date(s). The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may 
(but need not) perform the appropriate adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in 
respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by the Related Exchange(s); or

--- Page 289 ---
Participation Certificate ("Genussscheine") Linked Conditions 
 
288 
 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less 
than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause 
to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the 
notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
2.2 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event has occurred in respect of a Participation 
Certificate, the following will apply:  
(a) 
(i) 
in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, on or after the relevant Merger Date or 
Tender Offer Date (or such other date as the Calculation Agent deems relevant), the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (A) make such adjustment to the Conditions as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the 
Products of such Merger Event or Tender Offer (including adjustments to account for 
changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the 
Participation Certificate), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the 
adjustment(s) made in respect of such Merger Event or Tender Offer by the Related 
Exchange(s) to options on the Participation Certificate traded thereon and (B) determine 
the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting, on or after the date of the 
occurrence of the Nationalisation, Insolvency and/or Delisting, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (A) make such adjustment 
to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the 
economic effect on the Products of the relevant event, (including adjustments to account 
for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the 
Participation Certificate), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the 
adjustment(s) made in respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting by the 
Related Exchange(s) to options on the Participation Certificate traded thereon and (B) 
determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less 
than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause 
to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the 
notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if in relation to a Basket Component an adjustment 
(as described in Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Condition 2.1 or 2.2) is necessary, the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Participation 
Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions in relation to each such Basket Component (an "Affected 
Basket Component")) be entitled, but not obliged to, either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without replacement 
(and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the Conditions as it 
reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the removal of the Affected Basket 
Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket Component 
(which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the value of the Affected 
Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its

--- Page 290 ---
Participation Certificate ("Genussscheine") Linked Conditions 
 
289 
 
reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket Component"). In such case, the Calculation 
Agent may make such amendments to the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate 
to take into account the replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor 
Basket Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as similar to 
the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably practicable. Upon such 
replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed to be the Basket Component and 
any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket Component, to the extent permitted by 
the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked 
Condition 2, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant 
event in respect of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall 
not affect the validity of the relevant event or any action taken. 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to 
account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional Disruption Event (including 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relevant to the Participation Certificate); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above would be 
possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine that the Issuer shall 
redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' 
irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held 
by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall 
become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices).  
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is published by the Exchange on or before the Business Day prior to the next date 
on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any 
relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in each case, would require 
the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to determine the amount 
payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in connection with the Products after 
taking into account such Corrected Price, and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. Any such 
determination or adjustment and the date of its first application shall be published in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Participation 
Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Participation Certificate: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law, a Hedging 
Disruption and/or an Insolvency Filing, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each Participation Certificate composed within a basket of Underlyings.  
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent

--- Page 291 ---
Participation Certificate ("Genussscheine") Linked Conditions 
 
290 
 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of a 
Participation Certificate, or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing 
its obligations arising from the Products (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Closing Price" means, on any day in respect of a Participation Certificate, the official closing price of 
such Participation Certificate on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) 
Linked Conditions. 
"Delisting" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, that the relevant Exchange announces that 
pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the Participation Certificate ceases (or will cease) to be listed, 
traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) 
and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in 
the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any Member 
State of the European Union). 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session 
or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, the closure on any Exchange Business 
Day of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to such Participation Certificate or any Related Exchange(s) 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) 
or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution 
at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, the exchange or the quotation system as 
specified in the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in such Participation Certificate has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined in its reasonable discretion that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to such Participation Certificate on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original exchange or quotation system).  
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any event (other than an Early 
Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (a) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, such Participation 
Certificate on the Exchange, or (b) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options 
contracts relating to such Participation Certificate on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Extraordinary Event" means a Merger Event, a Tender Offer, a Nationalisation, an Insolvency or a 
Delisting. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing the 
Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of its affiliate(s) or any entity (or 
entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any underlying or hedging 
transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products.

--- Page 292 ---
Participation Certificate ("Genussscheine") Linked Conditions 
 
291 
 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is likely to 
become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate the Participation 
Certificate in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole or in part) in 
respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of the Participation 
Certificates. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee or other cost 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity deems necessary to hedge the risk in 
respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, that by reason of the voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, winding-up, dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or any analogous proceeding 
affecting the Participation Certificate Issuer (a) all the shares of such Participation Certificate Issuer are 
required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of shares of such 
Participation Certificate Issuer become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
"Insolvency Filing" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, that the Participation Certificate 
Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or similar official with primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organisation or the jurisdiction of its principal or registered office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by 
it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that 
proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Participation 
Certificate Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate and any relevant time on any relevant 
day, the price at which such Participation Certificate trades on the relevant Exchange at such time on 
such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate and any relevant day, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of such Participation Certificate and such day: 
(a) 
Closing Price; 
(b) 
Opening Price;  
(c) 
Intraday Price; or 
(d) 
Volume Weighted Average Price. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, the occurrence or existence 
of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
regards as material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, (c) 
an Early Closure, or (d) an Illiquidity Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight Scheduled 
Trading Days.  
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event (as determined by the Calculation Agent) or, 
where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such 
other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any (a) reclassification or change of any 
share of the Participation Certificate Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all of such shares of the Participation Certificate Issuer outstanding to another entity or person, 
(b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding exchange of the shares of the Participation 
Certificate Issuer with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger 
or binding share exchange in which such Participation Certificate Issuer is the continuing entity and

--- Page 293 ---
Participation Certificate ("Genussscheine") Linked Conditions 
 
292 
 
which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such shares outstanding), (c) takeover offer, 
tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or 
otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding shares of the Participation Certificate Issuer that results 
in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such shares (other than such shares owned 
or controlled by such other entity or person), or (d) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share 
exchange of the Participation Certificate Issuer or its affiliates with or into another entity in which the 
Participation Certificate Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or 
change of all such shares outstanding but results in the outstanding shares (other than shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 
per cent. of the outstanding shares immediately following such event (a "Reverse Merger") in each case 
if the Merger Date is on or before the Final Fixing Date or, if and to the extent the applicable Issue Terms 
provide for settlement by delivery, the Delivery Date. 
"Nationalisation" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, that all the shares of the Participation 
Certificate Issuer or all the assets or substantially all the assets of such Participation Certificate Issuer are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"Opening Price" means, on any day in respect of a Participation Certificate, the official opening price 
of such Participation Certificate on the Exchange on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent subject as provided in the Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions.  
"Participation Certificate (Genussscheine)" or "Participation Certificate" means, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions, each 
participation certificate (Genussscheine) specified as such in the Issue Terms and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
"Participation Certificate Issuer" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, the issuer of such 
Participation Certificate.  
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant shares of the Participation Share 
Issuer (unless resulting in a Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such shares 
of the Preference Share Issuer to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar 
issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Participation Certificates 
and/or shares of the Participation Certificate Issuer ("Ordinary Shares") of (i) such 
Participation Certificate and/or Ordinary Shares or (ii) other share capital or securities granting 
the right to payment of dividends and/or a share in the proceeds of liquidation of the 
Participation Certificate Issuer equally or proportionately or (iii) share capital or other securities 
of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Participation Certificate Issuer 
as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (iv) any other type of securities, rights or 
warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the 
prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(c) 
an amount per share which the Calculation Agent determines should be characterised as an 
extraordinary dividend; 
(d) 
a call by the Participation Certificate Issuer in respect of relevant shares that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the respective Participation Certificate Issuer or any of its affiliates of relevant 
shares whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is 
cash, securities or otherwise;  
(f) 
in respect of the Participation Certificate Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights 
being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the 
capital stock of the Participation Certificate Issuer pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or 
similar arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of 
certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at 
a price below their market value as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any

--- Page 294 ---
Participation Certificate ("Genussscheine") Linked Conditions 
 
293 
 
adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any exercise of such 
rights;  
(g) 
an amendment or adjustment of the conditions of the Participation Certificate; or 
(h) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Participation Certificates. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, each exchange or quotation 
system, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Participation Certificate. 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, a price for such 
Participation Certificate, as determined and published by the Exchange, which is relevant for the 
Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, an Exchange or Related 
Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or 
Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular 
trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, the 
original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Tender Offer" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange 
offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person 
purchasing or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, more than 
10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Participation Certificate 
Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon filings made to governmental or self-
regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in the amount 
of the applicable percentage threshold (which shall be more than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. 
of the outstanding voting shares of the Participation Certificate Issuer) are actually purchased or 
otherwise obtained (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise (a) relating to such Participation Certificate on such Exchange or (b) in futures or options 
contracts relating to such Participation Certificate on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, an Exchange Business Day 
for such Participation Certificate. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, the 
Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation Date, each 
Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker Observation Date, 
each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the Final Fixing Date and (b) each 
other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to 
determine the level of a Participation Certificate, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, the time at which the official closing 
price of such Participation Certificate is calculated on and published by the Exchange. If the Exchange

--- Page 295 ---
Participation Certificate ("Genussscheine") Linked Conditions 
 
294 
 
closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its 
regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
"Volume Weighted Average Price" means, on any day in respect of a Participation Certificate, an 
amount equal to the volume weighted average price for such Participation Certificate as displayed on the 
Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject 
as provided in the Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions.

--- Page 296 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
 
295 
 
INDEX LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Index Linked Conditions shall apply to Index Linked Products in respect of each 
Underlying which is an Index. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Index and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Index (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying 
Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Index on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the 
determined level of the Index in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled 
Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following 
the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.1(a) above (or if such day is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or 
more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation 
Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of 
the relevant Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant Basket 
Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking 
into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant Basket Component in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be postponed until 
the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence in respect 
of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day

--- Page 297 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
 
296 
 
determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or 
more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation 
Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of all Basket 
Components shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect 
of any Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day for one or more Indices in the basket (each such Index an "Affected Index" in respect of 
such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Index in the basket that is not an Affected Index, the relevant Level shall be 
determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Index, the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the 
relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. 
The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of such Affected 
Index(ices) in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Index may be postponed until the earlier of 
(a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence in respect of such 
Affected Index or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined 
in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first 
Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
2. 
Successor Index Sponsor, Successor Index and Index Adjustment Events 
2.1 
Successor Index Sponsor and Successor Index 
(a) 
If an Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor to the Index Sponsor (a "Successor Index Sponsor") acceptable to 
the Calculation Agent; or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for, and method of, calculation 
as used in the calculation of such Index, then in each case that index (the "Successor Index") 
will be deemed to be the Index. 
(b) 
If either of the events described in (a) above have occurred, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
may make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, 
calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the 
Products to account for such Successor Index. Upon making any such adjustment the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors, giving details of the adjustment, in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
(c) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (b) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less

--- Page 298 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
 
297 
 
than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause 
to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the 
notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices).  
2.2 
Index Adjustment Events 
(a) 
If, in respect of an Index, the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Adjustment Event has 
occurred, the Calculation Agent shall determine if such event has a material effect on the 
Products and, if so, shall calculate the relevant amount using, in lieu of a published level for the 
Index, the level for the Index as at the relevant date as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to that 
change, failure or cancellation, but using only those securities that comprised the Index 
immediately prior to that event and shall notify the Investors thereof (in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices)). None of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or the Paying 
Agent shall have any responsibility in respect of any error or omission or subsequent correction 
made in the calculation or publication of an index, whether caused by negligence or otherwise. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less 
than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause 
to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the 
notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if in relation to a Basket Component an adjustment 
(as described in Index Linked Condition 2.1 or 2.2) is necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Index Linked Conditions in relation to each such 
Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) be entitled, but not obliged to either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without replacement 
(and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the Conditions as it 
reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the removal of the Affected Basket 
Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket Component 
(which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the value of the Affected 
Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket Component"). In such case, the Calculation 
Agent may make such amendments to the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate 
to take into account the replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor 
Basket Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as similar to 
the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably practicable. Upon such 
replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed to be the Basket Component and 
any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket Component, to the extent permitted by 
the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Index Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 15, stating the 
relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect of which such adjustment 
was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant event 
or any action taken.

--- Page 299 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
 
298 
 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to 
account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above would be 
possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine that the Issuer shall 
redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' 
irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held 
by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall 
become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Levels 
In the event that a Relevant Level is subsequently corrected and the correction (the "Corrected Level") 
is published by the Index Sponsor on or before the Business Day prior to the next date on which any 
relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any relevant 
determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in each case, would require the 
Relevant Level, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or 
Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in connection with the Products after taking into 
account such Corrected Level, and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may 
adjust any relevant terms of the Products to account for such Corrected Level. Any such determination 
or adjustment and the date of its first application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 
15 (Notices). 
5. 
Proprietary Index Provisions 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify that the relevant Index is a Proprietary Index, the following terms 
shall apply and Index Linked Condition 2.2 (Index Adjustment Events) shall not apply to such Index. 
If, in respect of a Proprietary Index, the Calculation Agent determines that (a) the relevant Index Sponsor 
or Successor Index Sponsor, if applicable, permanently cancels such Proprietary Index and no Successor 
Index exists as at the date of such cancellation (an "Index Cancellation"), or (b) the Issuer has ceased 
to be the Index Sponsor of the Index and has generally exited or has ceased to engage in the business of 
being the index sponsor for proprietary strategies and indices similar to such Proprietary Index (an 
"Index Sponsor Exit Event") upon the Calculation Agent giving notice to Investors in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices), the Issuer shall (or, in respect of an Index Sponsor Exit Event, may (but 
is not obliged to)) redeem the Index Linked Products in whole but not in part, each Index Linked Product 
being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount of such 
Index Linked Product, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
No Products linked to a Proprietary index will be issued hereunder until such time as the Issuer (or any 
legal entity belonging to the same group as the Issuer) is included on the ESMA Register. 
6. 
Definitions 
The following terms and conditions shall have the following meanings in respect of Index Linked 
Products and each Underlying which is an Index: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law and/or a 
Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each Index composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent

--- Page 300 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
 
299 
 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of 
the components contained an Index, (ii) the use of an Index or one of the components contained in an 
Index has become illegal, or (iii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing 
its obligations arising from the Products (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Closing Index Level" means, on any day in respect of an Index, the official closing level of such Index 
as of the Valuation Time on or in respect of the relevant day as calculated and published by the relevant 
Index Sponsor or as otherwise determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Index 
Linked Conditions. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) the Index 
Sponsor fails to publish the level of the Index, (b) a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to 
open for trading during its regular trading session or (c) on which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of an Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any 
relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant 
Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, unless such earlier closing time 
is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such 
Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or 
Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of an Index, any exchange or quotation system, any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the 
components contained in such Index has relocated or temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation 
Agent has determined in its reasonable discretion that there is comparable liquidity relative to the 
components underlying such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of an Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading 
sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time. 
"Exchange Delivery Settlement Price" or "EDSP" means, in respect of an Index and any relevant time 
on any relevant day, the official exchange delivery settlement price of such Index at such time on or in 
respect of such day, as published by the Index Sponsor and as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of an Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general 
(a) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values on, any relevant Exchange for securities that 
comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Index, or (b) to effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for, futures or options contracts relating to such Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Hedging Disruption" means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than any Proprietary Index, that the Hedging Entity is unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from 
the Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s); 
(b) 
in respect of a Proprietary Index, the meaning given such term in the relevant Index Rules. 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of their affiliate(s) or any entity (or 
entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any underlying or hedging 
transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products.

--- Page 301 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
 
300 
 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is likely to 
become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate the Index (or 
components thereof) in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole or 
in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of the Index or 
its components. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee or other cost 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity deems necessary to hedge the risk in 
respect of entering into and performing the Issuer´s obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Index" and "Indices" mean, subject to an adjustment in accordance with the Index Linked Conditions, 
each index specified as such in the Issue Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Index Adjustment Event" means (a) for any Index other than a Proprietary Index, each of an Index 
Cancellation, an Index Disruption or an Index Modification and (b) in respect of Proprietary Indices, 
each of an Index Cancellation and an Index Sponsor Exit Event. 
"Index Cancellation" means, in respect of an Index, on or before any Underlying Valuation Date the 
Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor permanently cancels the Index or the Index 
may no longer be used as a consequence of new regulatory provisions and no Successor Index exists. 
"Index Disruption" means, in respect of an Index, on any Underlying Valuation Date the Index Sponsor 
or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce the level of the Index. 
"Index Modification" means, in respect of an Index, on or before any Underlying Valuation Date the 
Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor announces that it will make a material 
change in the formula for or method of calculating that Index or in any other way materially modifies 
that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the 
event of changes in constituent securities and capitalisation and other routine events). 
"Index Rules" means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, the index rules setting out the rules, methodology 
and other information applicable to such Proprietary Index, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time, a copy of which may be provided to an Investor by the Calculation Agent upon request by such 
Investor and/or made available on the website specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Index Sponsor" means, (a) for any Index other than a Proprietary Index, the entity specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, and, if not specified, the corporation or other entity that, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, (i) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods 
of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to such Index, and (ii) announces (directly or through an 
agent) the level of such Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day; and (b) for a 
Proprietary Index, the Issuer. 
"Intraday Level" means, in respect of an Index and any relevant time on any relevant day, the official 
level of such Index at such time on or in respect of such day, as published by the Index Sponsor and as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of an Index and any relevant day, one of the following as specified in the Issue 
Terms in respect of such Index and such day: 
(a) 
Closing Index Level;  
(b) 
Intraday Level; 
(c) 
Opening Index Level; or 
(d) 
Exchange Delivery Settlement Price. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of an Index, the occurrence or existence of (a) a Trading 
Disruption, (b) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent regards as material,

--- Page 302 ---
Index Linked Conditions 
 
301 
 
at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, (c) an Early Closure, or 
(d) an Illiquidity Event. For the purpose of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of 
an Index exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a security included in the 
Index at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that security to the level of the Index shall 
be based on a comparison of (i) the portion of the level of the Index attributable to that security and (ii) 
the overall level of the Index, in each case immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption 
Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight Scheduled 
Trading Days.  
"Opening Index Level" means, on any day in respect of an Index, the official opening level of such 
Index on or in respect of the relevant day as calculated and published by the relevant Index Sponsor or 
as otherwise determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Index Linked Conditions. 
"Other Disruption" in respect of a Proprietary Index, shall have the meaning given to such term in the 
relevant Index Rules. 
"Proprietary Index" means any Index specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or, if not specified, 
any Index the Calculation Agent determines as such. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of an Index, each exchange or quotation system, any successor 
to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system where trading has 
a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) on the overall 
market for futures or options contracts relating to such Index. 
"Relevant Level" means, in respect of an Index, a level for such Index, as determined and published by 
the Index Sponsor, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Index, an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on 
such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside the regular trading 
session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an Index, any day on which the Index Sponsor is 
scheduled to calculate and publish the level of such Index. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, the 
original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of an Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading 
by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating 
to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Index on any relevant Exchange or 
(b) in futures or options contracts relating to such Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Index, an Exchange Business Day for such Index. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, the 
Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation Date, each 
Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker Observation Date, 
each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the Final Fixing Date and (b) each 
other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to 
determine the level of an Index, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Index Linked 
Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means in respect of an Index other than any Proprietary Index, the time at which the 
official closing level of such Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor (or Index 
Calculation Agent, as applicable).

--- Page 303 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
 
302 
 
DEPOSITARY RECEIPT LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions shall apply to Depositary Receipt Linked 
Products in respect of each Underlying which is a Depositary Receipt. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Depositary Receipt and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Depositary Receipt (and if the Issue Terms specify that this 
provision shall apply to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall 
apply to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each 
of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Depositary Receipt 
on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account 
the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall 
publish the determined level of the Depositary Receipt in accordance with General Condition 
15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled 
Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following 
the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above (or if such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or 
more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation 
Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of 
the relevant Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant Basket 
Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking 
into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant Basket Component in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be postponed until 
the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence in respect

--- Page 304 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
 
303 
 
of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day 
determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or 
more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation 
Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of all Basket 
Components shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect 
of any Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day for one or more Depositary Receipts in the basket (each such Depositary Receipt an 
"Affected Depositary Receipt" in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Depositary Receipt in the basket that is not an Affected Depositary Receipt, 
the relevant Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Depositary Receipt, the Calculation Agent shall determine its 
estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances 
prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level 
of such Affected Depositary Receipt(s) in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Depositary Receipt may be postponed until 
the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence in respect 
of such Affected Depositary Receipt or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled 
Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
2. 
Adjustments 
2.1 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If the terms of the Deposit Agreement are amended or supplemented following a Potential Adjustment 
Event (as determined by the Calculation Agent) in relation to the relevant Depositary Receipt, the 
Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such Depositary Receipt and, if so, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to): 
(a) 
(i) 
make the corresponding adjustment(s), if appropriate, to the Conditions as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative 
effect; and  
(ii) 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). In such case, such adjustments shall 
be deemed to be so made from such date(s). The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may 
(but need not) perform the appropriate adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in 
respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by the Related Exchange(s); or

--- Page 305 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
 
304 
 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.4) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less 
than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause 
to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the 
notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
2.2 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event has occurred in respect of a Depositary 
Receipt, the following will apply: 
(a) 
(i) 
in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, on or after the relevant Merger Date or 
Tender Offer Date (or such other date as the Calculation Agent deems relevant), the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (A) make such adjustment to the Conditions as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the 
Products of such Merger Event or Tender Offer (including adjustments to account for 
changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the 
Underlying Share or to the Depositary Receipt), which may, but need not, be determined 
by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of such Merger Event or Tender Offer 
by the Related Exchange(s) to options on the relevant Underlying Share or on the 
Depositary Receipt traded thereon and (B) determine the effective date of that 
adjustment; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting, on or after the date of the 
occurrence of the Nationalisation, Insolvency and/or Delisting, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (A) make such adjustment 
to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the 
economic effect on the Products of the relevant event, (including adjustments to account 
for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the 
Underlying Share or the Depositary Receipt), which may, but need not, be determined 
by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency or 
Delisting by the Related Exchange(s) to options on the Underlying Share or on the 
Depositary Receipt traded thereon and (B) determine the effective date of that 
adjustment; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.4) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less 
than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause 
to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the 
notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
2.3 
Consequences of a termination of the Deposit Agreement 
If the Deposit Agreement is terminated, then on or after the date of such termination: 
(a) 
both: 
(i) 
references to the Depositary Receipt shall be replaced by references to the Underlying 
Shares; and 
(ii) 
the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms and will determine 
the effective date of such replacement and adjustments; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.4 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less

--- Page 306 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
 
305 
 
than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause 
to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the 
notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
2.4 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if in relation to a Basket Component an adjustment 
(as described in Depositary Receipt Linked Condition 2.1 to 2.3) is necessary, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Depositary Receipt Linked 
Conditions in relation to each such Basket Component (an "Affected Depositary Receipt")) be entitled, 
but not obliged to, either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without replacement 
(and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the Conditions as it 
reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the removal of the Affected Basket 
Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket Component 
(which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the value of the Affected 
Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket Component"). In such case, the Calculation 
Agent may make such amendments to the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate 
to take into account the replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor 
Basket Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as similar to 
the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably practicable. Upon such 
replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed to be the Basket Component and 
any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket Component, to the extent permitted by 
the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Successor Basket Component. 
2.5 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Depositary Receipt Linked Condition 2, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 15 
(Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect of which 
such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of 
the relevant event or any action taken. 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to 
account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional Disruption Event (including 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relevant to the Underlying Share or Depositary Receipt); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above would be 
possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine that the Issuer shall 
redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' 
irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held 
by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall 
become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices).  
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is published by the Exchange on or before the Business Day prior to the next date

--- Page 307 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
 
306 
 
on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any 
relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in each case, would require 
the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to determine the amount 
payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in connection with the Products after 
taking into account such Corrected Price, and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. Any such 
determination or adjustment and the date of its first application shall be published in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Depositary Receipt 
Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Depositary Receipt: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a 
Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, an Insolvency Filing, a Failure to Deliver and/or a Reduced 
Number of Shares, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each Depositary Receipt composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Closing Price" means, on any day in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the official closing price of such 
Depositary Receipt on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of a 
Depositary Receipt, or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations arising from the Products (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Delisting" means, in respect of a Share, that the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules 
of such Exchange, the Share ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange 
for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or 
re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where 
the Exchange is within the European Union, in any Member State of the European Union).  
"Deposit Agreement" means the agreement or other instrument constituting the Depositary Receipts, as 
amended from time to time. 
"Depositary Receipt" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Depositary Receipt Linked 
Conditions, each security representing shares specified as such in the Issue Terms and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a 
relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or 
on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of a Share, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant 
Exchange(s) relating to such Share or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time 
unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one 
hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) 
or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to 
be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the exchange or the quotation system as specified in the Issue 
Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or

--- Page 308 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
 
307 
 
quotation system to which trading in such Depositary Receipt has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined in its reasonable discretion that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to such Depositary Receipt on such temporary substitute exchange 
or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation system); and 
(b) 
in respect of the Underlying Share, the exchange on which the Underlying Share is principally 
traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading 
sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any event (other than an Early Closure) that 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general 
(a) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, such Share on the Exchange, or (b) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to such Share on any 
relevant Related Exchange. 
"Extraordinary Event" means, in respect of a Share, a Merger Event, a Tender Offer, a Nationalisation, 
an Insolvency or a Delisting. 
"Failure to Deliver" means, in respect of a Share, the failure of the Share Issuer to deliver, when due, 
the relevant Shares, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for such Shares. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing the 
Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of its affiliate(s) or any entity (or 
entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any underlying or hedging 
transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is likely to 
become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate the Depositary 
Receipts in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole or in part) in 
respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of the Depositary 
Receipts. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee or other cost 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity deems necessary to hedge the risk in 
respect of entering into and performing the Issuer´s obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a Share, that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, 
winding-up, dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or any analogous proceeding affecting a Share Issuer 
(a) all the Shares of such Share Issuer are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar 
official or (b) holders of the Shares of such Share Issuer become legally prohibited from transferring 
them. 
"Insolvency Filing" means, in respect of a Share, that the Share Issuer institutes or has instituted against 
it by a regulator, supervisor or similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its principal 
or registered office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or 
any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar 
official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by 
creditors and not consented to by the Share Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing.

--- Page 309 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
 
308 
 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt and any relevant time on any relevant day, 
the price at which such Depositary Receipt trades on the relevant Exchange at such time on such day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt and any relevant day, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms in respect of such Depositary Receipt and such day: 
(a) 
Closing Price; 
(b) 
Opening Price;  
(c) 
Intraday Price; or  
(d) 
Volume Weighted Average Price.  
"Market Disruption Event" means: 
(a) 
in respect of the Depositary Receipt, (i) the occurrence or existence of (A) a Trading Disruption, 
(B) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent regards as material, at 
any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, (C) an Early 
Closure, in each case in relation to the Depositary Receipt, (D) an Illiquidity Event, or (ii) the 
existence of a Market Disruption Event in relation to the relevant Underlying Share; and 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) 
an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent regards as material, at any 
time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early 
Closure, in each case in respect of such Underlying Share. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight Scheduled 
Trading Days.  
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event (as determined by the Calculation Agent) or, 
where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such 
other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of a Share, any (a) reclassification or change of such Share that results 
in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity 
or person, (b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer with 
or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share 
exchange in which such Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding), (c) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. 
of the outstanding Shares of the Share Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment 
to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), 
or (d) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer or its affiliates 
with or into another entity in which the Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in 
a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other 
than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event (a 
"Reverse Merger") in each case if the Merger Date is on or before the Final Fixing Date or, if and to the 
extent the applicable Issue Terms provide for settlement by delivery, the Delivery Date. 
"Nationalisation" means, in respect of a Share, that all the Shares of a Share Issuer or all the assets or 
substantially all the assets of such Share Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required 
to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"Opening Price" means, on any day in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the official opening price of such 
Depositary Receipt on the Exchange on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject 
as provided in the Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions.  
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following:

--- Page 310 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
 
309 
 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant Shares (unless resulting in a 
Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way 
of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (i) such Shares or 
(ii) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or a share in 
the proceeds of liquidation of the Share Issuer equally or proportionately with such payments to 
holders of such Shares or (iii) share capital or other securities of another share issuer acquired 
or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Share Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction, or (iv) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for 
payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
an amount per Share which the Calculation Agent determines should be characterised as an 
extraordinary dividend; 
(d) 
a call by the Share Issuer in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the Share Issuer or any of its affiliates of relevant Shares whether out of profits 
or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(f) 
in respect of the Share Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or 
becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the 
Share Issuer pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or similar arrangement directed against hostile 
takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred 
stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such 
an event shall be readjusted upon any exercise of such rights; or 
(g) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Share. 
"Reduced Number of Shares" means that at any time following an Extraordinary Event there remain a 
number of Shares of the Share Issuer less than the Relevant Number of Shares for the purposes of 
determining the redemption of the Products in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system, any successor 
to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system where trading has 
a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) on the overall 
market for futures or options contracts relating to such Share. 
"Relevant Number of Shares" means the number of Shares of the Share Issuer as specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, a price for such Depositary 
Receipt, as determined and published by the Exchange, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Share, an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on 
such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside the regular trading 
session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Share, any day on which each Exchange and each 
Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, the 
original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Share" means (a) for the determination whether a Potential Adjustment Event, a Merger Event, a Tender 
Offer, a Nationalisation or an Insolvency has occurred, the Underlying Share and (b) for all other 
purposes, the Underlying Share and the Depositary Receipt.

--- Page 311 ---
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions 
 
310 
 
"Share Issuer" means the company that has issued the Underlying Share. 
"Tender Offer" means, in respect of a Share, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing or 
otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, more than 10 per cent. 
and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Share Issuer, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, based upon filings made to governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other 
information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in the amount 
of the applicable percentage threshold (which shall be more than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. 
of the outstanding voting shares of the Share Issuer) are actually purchased or otherwise obtained (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading 
by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating 
to such Share on such Exchange or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to such Shares on any 
relevant Related Exchange. 
"Underlying Share" means the relevant share represented by the Depositary Receipt, as issued by the 
relevant Share Issuer. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, an Exchange Business Day for 
such Depositary Receipt. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, the 
Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation Date, each 
Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker Observation Date, 
each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the Final Fixing Date and (b) each 
other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to 
determine the level of a Depositary Receipt, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Share, the time at which the official closing price of such Share 
is calculated on and published by the Exchange. If the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time and the Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the 
Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time.  
"Volume Weighted Average Price" means, on any day in respect of a Depositary Receipt, an amount 
equal to the volume weighted average price for such Depositary Receipt as displayed on the Exchange 
as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided 
in the Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions.

--- Page 312 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
 
311 
 
COMMODITY LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Commodity Linked Conditions shall apply to Commodity Linked Products in 
respect of each Underlying which is a Commodity. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Commodity and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Commodity (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall 
apply to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation 
Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Commodity on 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the 
market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish 
the determined level of the Commodity in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled 
Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following 
the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.1(a) above (or if such day is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or 
more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation 
Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of 
the relevant Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant Basket 
Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking 
into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant Basket Component in accordance with 
General Condition 15. 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be postponed until 
the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence in respect 
of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day

--- Page 313 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
 
312 
 
determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or 
more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation 
Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of all Basket 
Components shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect 
of any Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day for one or more Commodities in the basket (each such Commodity an "Affected 
Commodity" in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date);  
(b) 
in respect of each Commodity in the basket that is not an Affected Commodity, the relevant 
Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Commodity, the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of 
the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day 
in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such 
day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of such Affected 
Commodity(ies) in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Commodity may be postponed until the 
earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence in respect of 
such Affected Commodity or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day 
determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
2. 
Adjustments 
2.1 
Substitution of Reference Market and/or Price Source 
(a) 
If the quotation of or trading in the Commodity on the Reference Market or the publication of 
the relevant price of the Commodity by the Price Source is permanently discontinued while 
concurrently the quotation or trading is maintained or is commenced on another reference 
market (the "Substitute Reference Market") or if the relevant price of the Commodity is 
published by another price source (the "Substitute Price Source"), the Calculation Agent shall 
be entitled to stipulate the Substitute Reference Market as the new Reference Market and/or the 
Substitute Price Source as the Price Source through publication in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices).  
In the case of such a substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Reference Market and/or 
Price Source thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Reference Market and/or 
Substitute Price Source. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no substitution as described in (a) above would be 
possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may 
determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more 
than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 15, in

--- Page 314 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
 
313 
 
which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect 
of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The 
termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 
15 (Notices). 
2.2 
Changes in the Commodity 
(a) 
If at any time the Commodity is terminated and/or replaced by another value or if the 
Commodity is traded in a different quality, in a different consistency (e.g., with a different 
degree of purity or a different point of origin) or in a different standard measuring unit, the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent are entitled to make an adjustment to the Conditions, which in 
the assessment of the Calculation Agent is appropriate to reflect the amendments and/or to 
replace the Commodity with a successor commodity (the "Successor Commodity") which is 
economically equivalent to the original relevant concept of the Commodity.  
The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent will multiply the relevant price of the Commodity by an 
adjustment factor in order to ensure the continuity of the development of the reference value(s) 
underlying the Products. The Successor Commodity and the date of its initial application shall 
be published in accordance General Condition 15 (Notices). Any reference in the Conditions to 
the Commodity shall, to the extent appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Commodity. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above would be 
possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may 
determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more 
than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 15 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each 
Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early 
Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance 
with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if in relation to a Basket Component an adjustment 
(as described in Commodity Linked Condition 2.1 and 2.2) is necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Commodity Linked Conditions in relation 
to each such Basket Component (an "Affected Commodity")) be entitled, but not obliged to, either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without replacement 
(and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the Conditions as it 
reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the removal of the Affected Basket 
Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket Component 
(which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the value of the Affected 
Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket Component"). In such case, the Calculation 
Agent may make such amendments to the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate 
to take into account the replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor 
Basket Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as similar to 
the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably practicable. Upon such 
replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed to be the Basket Component and 
any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket Component, to the extent permitted by 
the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Commodity Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), 
stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect of which such

--- Page 315 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
 
314 
 
adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the 
relevant event or any action taken. 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to 
account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above would be 
possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine that the Issuer shall 
redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' 
irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products and cause to paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by 
it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall 
become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is displayed on the relevant Price Source and/or published by the Reference Market 
on or before the Business Day prior to the next date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have 
to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may 
have to be made, which, in each case, would require the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation 
Agent shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such 
determination in connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Price, and, to the 
extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Products to 
account for such Corrected Price. Any such determination or adjustment and the date of its first 
application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Commodity Linked 
Products and each Underlying which is a Commodity: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means a Permanent Market Disruption Event, an Increased Cost of 
Hedging, a Change in Law and/or a Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Basket Component" means each Commodity composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of a 
Commodity, or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
arising from the Products (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in 
tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Commodity" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Commodity Linked Conditions, each 
commodity or commodity futures contract specified as such in the Issue Terms and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly.  
"Commodity Reference Price" means, on any day in respect of a Commodity, the relevant price per 
unit of such Commodity displayed on the relevant Price Source and/or published by the Reference Market 
on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Commodity 
Linked Conditions.

--- Page 316 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
 
315 
 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Commodity, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant 
Reference Market fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market 
Disruption Event, except for a Permanent Market Disruption Event (to the extent applicable), has 
occurred. 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of their affiliate(s) or any entity (or 
entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any underlying or hedging 
transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing the 
Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is likely to 
become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate the Commodity in 
a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole or in part) in respect of the 
forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of the Commodity. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee or other cost 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity deems necessary to hedge the risk in 
respect of entering into and performing the Issuer´s obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Level" means, in respect of a Commodity and any date, the Commodity Reference Price in respect of 
such Commodity and such date. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence or existence of any of 
the following: 
(a) 
(i) the failure of a Reference Market or Price Source to announce or publish a price relevant for 
the Products, or (ii) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of such Price 
Source, or (iii) the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of a price 
relevant for the Products (notwithstanding the availability of the related Price Source or the 
status of trading in the Commodity); 
(b) 
the material suspension or limitation of trading in the Commodity on the relevant Reference 
Market or in futures or options contracts relating to the Commodity on a futures exchange where 
such contracts are usually traded; 
(c) 
the failure of trading to commence, or the permanent discontinuation of trading, (i) in the 
Commodity on the Reference Market, or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the 
Commodity on a futures exchange where such contracts are usually traded; 
(d) 
the occurrence since the Initial Fixing Date of a material change (i) in the formula for or method 
of calculating the price relevant for the Products, or (ii) in the content, composition or 
constitution of the Commodity or of futures or options contracts relating to the Commodity; 
(e) 
the imposition of, change in, or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, value-added, 
transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by reference to, the 
Commodity or futures or options contracts relating to the Commodity (other than a tax on, or 
measured by reference to, overall gross or net income) by any government or tax authority, if 
the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is to raise or lower a relevant price on a 
Underlying Valuation Date from what it would have been without such imposition, change or 
removal; or 
(f) 
an Illiquidity Event.

--- Page 317 ---
Commodity Linked Conditions 
 
316 
 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight Scheduled 
Trading Days.  
"Permanent Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Commodity, any Market Disruption 
Event, if such event is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, permanent. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of a Commodity, the price source specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Reference Market" means, in respect of a Commodity, the reference market or the quotation system 
specified as such in the Issue Terms, any successor to such reference market or quotation system or any 
substitute reference market or quotation system to which trading in the Commodity has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined in its reasonable discretion that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the Commodity on such temporary substitute reference market or 
quotation system as on the original reference market). 
"Reference Market Business Day" means, in respect of a Commodity, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which the Reference Market calculates and publishes a Relevant Underlying Price or, as the case may 
be, the Price Source publishes a Relevant Underlying Price. 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of a Commodity, a price for such Commodity, as 
determined and published by the Price Source, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Commodity, any day on which the Reference Market 
is scheduled to calculate and publish a Relevant Underlying Price or, as the case may be, the Price Source 
is scheduled to publish a Relevant Underlying Price. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, the 
original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Commodity, a Reference Market Business Day for 
such Commodity. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, the 
Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation Date, each 
Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker Observation Date, 
each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the Final Fixing Date and (b) each 
other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to 
determine the level of a Commodity, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Commodity Linked Conditions.

--- Page 318 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
 
317 
 
CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions shall apply to Currency Exchange 
Rate Linked Products in respect of each Underlying which is a Currency Exchange Rate. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Currency Exchange Rate and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Currency Exchange Rate (and if the Issue Terms specify that this 
provision shall apply to particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Currency 
Exchange Rate on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, 
taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the Currency Exchange Rate in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled 
Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following 
the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.1(a) above (or if such day is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or 
more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation 
Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of 
the relevant Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant Basket 
Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking 
into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant Basket Component in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be postponed until 
the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence in respect

--- Page 319 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
 
318 
 
of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day 
determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of the 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or 
more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation 
Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of all Basket 
Components shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect 
of any Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day for one or more Currency Exchange Rates in the basket (each such Currency Exchange 
Rate an "Affected Currency Exchange Rate" in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Currency Exchange Rate in the basket that is not an Affected Currency 
Exchange Rate, the relevant Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level 
on such last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Currency Exchange Rate, the Calculation Agent shall determine its 
estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances 
prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level 
of such Affected Currency Exchange Rate(s) in accordance with General Condition 15 
(Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Currency Exchange Rate may be postponed 
until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence in 
respect of such Affected Currency Exchange Rate or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the 
Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
2. 
Adjustment Events 
2.1 
Adjustments for changes in the market conditions on the Reference Market 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a material change in the market conditions has occurred on the 
Reference Market, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall be entitled to effect adjustments to the 
Conditions to account for these changed market conditions. 
2.2 
Adjustments for changes in the calculation of the Currency Exchange Rate 
Any changes in the calculation (including corrections) of the Currency Exchange Rate or in the 
composition or weighting of the price or other reference parameters upon which the Currency Exchange 
Rate is based on (as compared to the Issue Date) shall not lead to an adjustment unless the Calculation 
Agent determines that, as a result of the changes (including corrections), the underlying concept and 
calculation of the Currency Exchange Rate are no longer comparable to the underlying concept or 
calculation of the Currency Exchange Rate applicable prior to such change. Adjustments may also be 
made as a result of the removal of the Currency Exchange Rate and/or its substitution by another 
underlying.

--- Page 320 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
 
319 
 
For the purpose of making any adjustments, the Calculation Agent shall determine an adjusted value per 
unit of the Currency Exchange Rate which shall be used for the determination of the relevant price of the 
Currency Exchange Rate for the Products and which in its economic result shall correspond to the 
provisions prior to this change. The Calculation Agent shall also determine the day on which the adjusted 
value per unit of the Currency Exchange Rate shall apply for the first time, taking into account the time 
the change occurred. The adjusted value per unit of the Currency Exchange Rate and the date of its first 
application shall be published pursuant to General Condition 15. 
2.3 
Adjustments for changes in the currency used in connection with the Currency Exchange 
Rate 
If any Relevant Currency (the "Affected Currency") in its function as legal tender in the country(ies) or 
jurisdiction(s) maintaining the authority, institution or other body which issues such currency is replaced 
by another currency or merged with another currency to become a common currency (in each case, the 
"Successor Currency"), the Affected Currency shall be replaced, for the purposes of these Conditions, 
by the Successor Currency provided that, if applicable, the appropriate adjustments according to 
paragraph 2.2 above have been made. The Successor Currency and the date of its first application shall 
be published in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices).  
In this case, any reference in these Conditions to the Affected Currency shall, to the extent appropriate, 
be deemed to refer to the Successor Currency. 
2.4 
Adjustments for replacement of the Reference Market 
If the quotation of or trading in any Relevant Currency on the Reference Market is permanently 
discontinued while a quotation or trading is concurrently started up or maintained on another market (the 
"Substitute Reference Market"), the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to stipulate the Substitute 
Reference Market as the relevant Reference Market via publication in accordance with General Condition 
15 (Notices), provided that the Issuer has not terminated the Products in accordance with these Currency 
Exchange Rate Linked Conditions. 
In the case of such a substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Reference Market thereafter 
shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Reference Market. 
The adjustment described above shall be published in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) 
within the three-month period following the permanent discontinuation of the quotation of or trading in 
such Relevant Currency on the Reference Market. 
2.5 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if, in relation to a Basket Component, an adjustment 
(as described in this Currency Exchange Rate Linked Condition 2) is necessary, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Currency Exchange Rate Linked 
Condition in relation to each such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) be entitled, 
but not obliged to, either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without replacement 
(and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the Conditions as it 
reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the removal of the Affected Basket 
Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket Component 
(which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the value of the Affected 
Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket Component"). In such case, the Calculation 
Agent may make such amendments to the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate 
to take into account the replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor 
Basket Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as similar to 
the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably practicable. Upon such 
replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed to be the Basket Component and

--- Page 321 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
 
320 
 
any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket Component, to the extent permitted by 
the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Successor Basket Component. 
2.6 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Currency Exchange Rate Linked Condition 2, the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 
15 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect of 
which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity 
of the relevant event or any action taken. 
2.7 
Early Termination due to an Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph 2.1 to 2.5 above would 
be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may determine 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) 
Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 15, in which case the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an 
amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the 
day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 15. 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to 
account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional Disruption Event (including 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility relevant to the Currency Exchange Rate); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) above 
would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine that the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business 
Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the 
Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product 
held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination 
shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Rates 
In the event that a Relevant Rate is subsequently corrected and the correction (the "Corrected Rate") is 
displayed on the relevant Price Source on or before the Business Day prior to the next date on which any 
relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any relevant 
determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in each case, would require the 
Relevant Rate, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or 
Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in connection with the Products after taking into 
account such Corrected Rate, and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust 
any relevant terms of the Products to account for such Corrected Rate. Any such determination or 
adjustment and the date of its first application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 
15 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Currency Exchange 
Rate Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Currency Exchange Rate: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law and/or a 
Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Adjustment Event" means each of the events described in paragraphs 2.1, 2.2, 2.3, 2.4 and 2.5 of these 
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions.

--- Page 322 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
 
321 
 
"Base Currency" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the currency specified as such in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Base Currency/Cross Currency Price" means, on any day in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, 
an exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Cross Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) 
per one unit of the Base Currency, which appears on the Price Source at approximately the Currency 
Exchange Rate Valuation Time in respect of such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject 
as provided in the Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions. 
"Basket Component" means each Currency Exchange Rate composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (x) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of 
any Relevant Currency, or (y) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations arising from the Products (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Cross Currency" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the currency specified as such in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price" means, on any day in respect of a Currency Exchange 
Rate, an exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency (or fractional amounts 
thereof) per one unit of the Cross Currency, which appears on the Price Source at approximately the 
Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Time in respect of such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
subject as provided in the Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions. 
"Currency Exchange Rate" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Currency Exchange 
Rate Linked Conditions, in respect of any day, an exchange rate of one currency for another currency 
specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Currency Exchange Rate Business Day" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which the Reference Market is open for trading during its regular trading 
sessions, notwithstanding the Reference Market closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, Base 
Currency/Cross Currency Price or Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price, the time specified as such 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Currency Exchange Reference Rate" means, on any day in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, an 
exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) 
per one unit of the Base Currency, which appears on the Price Source at approximately the Currency 
Exchange Rate Valuation Time in respect of such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject 
as provided in the Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions, PROVIDED THAT, if 'Derived 
Exchange Rate' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Currency Exchange Reference Rate 
shall be the Derived Exchange Rate. 
"Derived Exchange Rate" means, on any day in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, an exchange rate 
expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) per one unit of 
the Base Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent as the quotient of the (i) Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price; and (ii) the Base Currency/Cross Currency Price, in each case in 
respect of such day. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
the Reference Market fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure of the Reference Market" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the closure 
on any Currency Exchange Rate Business Day of the Reference Market prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Reference Market at least one hour prior to

--- Page 323 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
 
322 
 
the actual closing time for the regular trading session on the Reference Market on such Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing the 
Issuer's obligations arising from the Products or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent, any of its affiliate(s) or any entity (or 
entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any underlying or hedging 
transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is likely to 
become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate the relevant 
currency/ies in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole or in part) 
in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of the relevant 
currency/ies. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee or other cost 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity deems necessary to hedge the risk in 
respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Level" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate and any relevant day, the Currency Exchange 
Reference Rate in respect of such Currency Exchange Rate and such day. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the occurrence or existence 
of any of the following: 
(a) 
the suspension or absence of the announcement of a price of a Currency Exchange Rate relevant 
for the Products on the Reference Market or by the relevant Price Source; 
(b) 
the suspension or limitation of banking activities in the Relevant Country, the latter of which 
the Calculation Agent determines is material in respect of the Products; 
(c) 
the suspension or limitation of trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent determines 
material in respect of the Products in either: 
(i) 
a Relevant Currency on the Reference Market; or 
(ii) 
in futures or options contracts relating to a Relevant Currency on a futures exchange 
where such contracts are usually traded, 
due to a directive of an authority or the Reference Market or due to a moratorium on banking 
activities in the country where the Reference Market is located, or due to any other reasons; 
(d) 
the Early Closure of the Reference Market; 
(e) 
a Relevant Country either:  
(i) 
imposes any controls or announces its intention to impose any controls on any relevant 
currency; or  
(ii) 
implements or announces its intention to implement any laws or regulations; or  
(iii) 
changes or announces its intention to change the interpretation or administration of any 
laws or regulations,  
where in each case, the Calculation Agent determines that such event mentioned in 
paragraph (e)(i), (e)(ii) and (e)(iii) of this definition of Market Disruption Event is likely to

--- Page 324 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
 
323 
 
affect the ability of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of its affiliates to acquire, hold, 
transfer or realise any Relevant Currency or otherwise to effect transactions in relation to such 
Relevant Currency; 
(f) 
an event which the Calculation Agent determines would make it impossible for the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent or any of its affiliates to perform, impair or delay the performance of the 
following activities: 
(i) 
converting a Relevant Currency into the Settlement Currency or any other currency 
through customary legal channels or transferring within or from any Relevant Country a 
Relevant Currency due to the imposition by such Relevant Country of any controls 
restricting or prohibiting such conversion or transfer, as the case may be; 
(ii) 
converting a Relevant Currency into another Relevant Currency or into the Settlement 
Currency or any other currency at a rate at least as favourable as the rate for domestic 
financial institutions located in the Relevant Country; 
(iii) 
transferring a Relevant Currency from accounts inside the Relevant Country to accounts 
outside such Relevant Country; or 
(iv) 
transferring a Relevant Currency between accounts inside the Relevant Country or to a 
party that is a non-resident of such Relevant Country; 
(g) 
an event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general to: 
(i) 
obtain market values for a Relevant Currency; or 
(ii) 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to 
a Relevant Currency on a futures exchange where such contracts are usually traded; or 
(h) 
an Illiquidity Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight Scheduled 
Trading Days.  
"Price Source" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, Base Currency/Cross Currency Price or 
Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price, the price source, providing the relevant price of the Currency 
Exchange Rate, Base Currency/Cross Currency Price or Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price, 
specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Reference Market" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, Base Currency/Cross Currency 
Price or Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price, the reference market specified as such in the Issue 
Terms.  
"Reference Currency" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the currency specified as such 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Country" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any country (or political or 
regulatory authority thereof) which:  
(a) 
has a Relevant Currency as its legal tender or official currency; and  
(b) 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has a material connection with a Relevant Currency. 
"Relevant Currency" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any currency used to determine 
the level of such Currency Exchange Rate. 
"Relevant Rate" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, a rate for such Currency Exchange 
Rate, as displayed on the Price Source, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Settlement Currency" means the settlement currency specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 325 ---
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions 
 
324 
 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the Reference Market and 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Reference Market on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to any trading outside the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any day on which the 
Reference Market is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, the 
original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, a Currency Exchange Rate 
Business Day for such Currency Exchange Rate. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, the 
Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation Date, each 
Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker Observation Date, 
each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the Final Fixing Date and (b) each 
other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to 
determine the level of a Currency Exchange Rate, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions.

--- Page 326 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
 
325 
 
FUTURES CONTRACT LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Futures Contract Linked Conditions shall apply to Futures Contract Linked 
Products in respect of each Underlying which is a Futures Contract. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Futures Contract and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Futures Contract (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision 
shall apply to particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying 
Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Futures Contract 
on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account 
the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall 
publish the determined level of the Futures Contract in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled 
Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following 
the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.1(a) above (or if such day is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or 
more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation 
Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of 
the relevant Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant Basket 
Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking 
into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant Basket Component in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be postponed until 
the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence in respect

--- Page 327 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
 
326 
 
of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day 
determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of the 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or 
more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation 
Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of all Basket 
Components shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect 
of any Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day for one or more Futures Contracts in the basket (each such Futures Contract an "Affected 
Futures Contract" in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date);  
(b) 
in respect of each Futures Contract in the basket that is not an Affected Futures Contract, the 
relevant Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Futures Contract, the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate 
of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on 
such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of such 
Affected Futures Contract(s) in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Futures Contract may be postponed until 
the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence in respect 
of such Affected Futures Contract or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled Trading 
Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
2. 
Adjustment Events 
2.1 
Substitution of Reference Market and/or Price Source 
If the quotation of or trading in a Futures Contract on the Reference Market or the publication of the 
relevant price of such Futures Contract by the Price Source is permanently discontinued while the 
quotation or trading is concurrently maintained or is commenced on another reference market (the 
"Substitute Reference Market") or if the relevant price of such Futures Contract is published by another 
price source (the "Substitute Price Source"), the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to stipulate such 
Substitute Reference Market as the new Reference Market and/or such Substitute Price Source as the 
new Price Source through publication in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). In the case of 
such a substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Reference Market and/or Price Source 
thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Reference Market and/or Substitute Price Source. 
2.2 
Changes in the Futures Contract 
If at any time (a) a Futures Contract is terminated and/or replaced by another value or (b) the relevant 
contract characteristics and/or conditions of such Futures Contract or the value underlying such Futures 
Contract are changed, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may, but are not obliged to, make an 
adjustment to the Conditions, which in the assessment of the Calculation Agent is appropriate to reflect

--- Page 328 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
 
327 
 
the events described in (a) and (b) of this paragraph 2.2 and/or to replace such Futures Contract with a 
successor futures contract (the "Successor Futures Contract") which is economically equivalent to the 
original concept of such Futures Contract.  
As the case may be, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent will multiply the relevant price of the Futures 
Contract by an adjustment factor in order to ensure the continuity of the development of the reference 
value(s) underlying the Products. 
The Successor Futures Contract and the date of its initial application shall be published in accordance 
with General Condition 15. Any reference in the Conditions to the Futures Contract shall, to the extent 
appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Futures Contract. 
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if, in relation to a Basket Component, an adjustment 
(as described in this Futures Contract Linked Condition 2) is necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Futures Contract Linked Condition in relation 
to each such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) be entitled, but not obliged to, 
either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without replacement 
(and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the Conditions as it 
reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the removal of the Affected Basket 
Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket Component 
(which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the value of the Affected 
Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket Component"). In such case, the Calculation 
Agent may make such amendments to the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate 
to take into account the replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor 
Basket Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as similar to 
the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably practicable. Upon such 
replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed to be the Basket Component and 
any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket Component, to the extent permitted by 
the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Futures Contract Linked Condition 2, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 15 
(Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect of which 
such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of 
the relevant event or any action taken. 
2.5 
Early Termination due to an Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph 2.1 or 2.2 above would 
be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may determine 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) 
Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the 
Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by 
it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid 
on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent may:

--- Page 329 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
 
328 
 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to 
account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) above 
would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine that the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business 
Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the 
Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product 
held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination 
shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 15. 
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is displayed on the relevant Price Source on or before the Business Day prior to the 
next date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of 
which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in each case, 
would require the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to determine 
the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in connection with the 
Products after taking into account such Corrected Price, and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. 
Any such determination or adjustment and the date of its first application shall be published in accordance 
with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Futures Contract 
Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Futures Contract: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law, a Hedging 
Disruption and/or a Permanent Market Disruption Event, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Issue Terms.  
"Adjustment Event" means each of the events described in paragraphs 2.1 and 2.2 of these Futures 
Contract Linked Conditions. 
"Basket Component" means each Futures Contract composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of a 
Futures Contract, or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations arising from the Products (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a 
relevant Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market 
Disruption Event (other than a Permanent Market Disruption Event (to the extent applicable)) has 
occurred. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the exchange or the quotation system as specified 
in the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in such Futures Contract has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined in its reasonable discretion that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to such Futures Contract on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
each Exchange is open for trading during its respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any 
such Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time.

--- Page 330 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
 
329 
 
"Futures Contract" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Futures Contract Linked 
Conditions, each futures contract specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing the 
Issuer's obligations arising from the Products or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent, any of their affiliate(s) or any entity (or 
entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any underlying or hedging 
transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is likely to 
become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate the Futures 
Contract in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole or in part) in 
respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of the Futures Contract. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee or other cost 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity deems necessary to hedge the risk in 
respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Futures Contract and any relevant time on any relevant day, the 
price at which such Futures Contract trades on the relevant Exchange at such time on such day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of a Futures Contract and any relevant day, one of the following as specified 
in the Issue Terms in respect of such Futures Contract and such day: 
(a) 
Intraday Price. 
(b) 
Settlement Price. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the occurrence or existence of any 
of the following: 
(a) 
either (i) the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish a price of such Futures Contract 
relevant for the Products, (ii) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of 
such Price Source, or (iii) the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of a 
price of such Futures Contract relevant for the Products (notwithstanding the availability of the 
related Price Source or the status of trading in the relevant Futures Contract); 
(b) 
the material suspension or limitation of trading (i) in such Futures Contract on the Exchange or 
(ii) on the Exchange in general;  
(c) 
the failure of trading to commence, or the permanent discontinuation of trading (i) in such 
Futures Contract on the Exchange or (ii) on the Exchange in general; 
(d) 
a material change (as compared to the circumstances as at the Initial Fixing Date) in (i) the 
formula for or method of calculating a price of such Futures Contract relevant for the Products 
or (ii) the content, composition or constitution of such Futures Contract or of the underlying on 
which such Futures Contract is based;  
(e) 
the imposition of, change in, or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, value-added, 
transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by reference to, such 
Futures Contract or the underlying on which such Futures Contract is based (other than a tax 
on, or measured by reference to, overall gross or net income) by any government or tax 
authority, if the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is to raise or lower a relevant

--- Page 331 ---
Futures Contract Linked Conditions 
 
330 
 
price on an Underlying Valuation Date from what it would have been without such imposition, 
change or removal; or 
(f) 
an Illiquidity Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight Scheduled 
Trading Days.  
"Permanent Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, any one or more of 
the events set out in the definition of Market Disruption Event in these Futures Contract Linked 
Conditions, if such event is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, considered to be permanent. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the price source specified as such in the Issue 
Terms.  
"Reference Market" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the reference market specified as such in 
the Issue Terms.  
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, a price for such Futures Contract, 
as displayed on the Price Source, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, an Exchange and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, 
without regard to after hours or any other trading outside the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, any day on which the Exchange is 
scheduled to calculate and publish a Relevant Underlying Price of such Futures Contract or, as the case 
may be, the Price Source is scheduled to publish the a Relevant Underlying Price. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, the 
original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Settlement Price" means, on any day in respect of a Futures Contract, the official settlement price of 
such Futures Contract on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Futures Contract Linked Conditions. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, an Exchange Business Day for such 
Futures Contract. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, the 
Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation Date, each 
Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker Observation Date, 
each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the Final Fixing Date and (b) each 
other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to 
determine the level of a Futures Contract, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Futures Contract Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the time at which the official closing price of 
such Futures Contract is calculated on and published by the Exchange. If the Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading 
session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time.

--- Page 332 ---
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions 
 
331 
 
FIXED RATE INSTRUMENT AND DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENT LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions shall apply 
to Fixed Rate Instrument Linked Products and Derivative Instrument Linked Products in respect of each 
Underlying which is a Fixed Rate Instrument or Derivative Instrument. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Instrument and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Instrument (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall 
apply to particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying 
Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Instrument on that 
last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the 
market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish 
the determined level of the Instrument in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled 
Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following 
the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.1(a) above (or if such day is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or 
more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation 
Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of 
the relevant Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant Basket 
Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking 
into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant Basket Component in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be postponed until 
the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence in respect

--- Page 333 ---
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions 
 
332 
 
of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day 
determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of the 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common in respect of the basket of Underlyings' in the 
Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or more particular 
Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), 
if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of 
any Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall 
be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket 
Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day for one or more Instruments in the basket (each such Instrument an "Affected Instrument" 
in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date);  
(b) 
in respect of each Instrument in the basket that is not an Affected Instrument, the relevant Level 
shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Instrument, the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the 
relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. 
The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of such Affected 
Instrument(s) in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Instrument may be postponed until the 
earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence in respect of 
such Affected Instrument or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day 
determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
2. 
Adjustment Events 
2.1 
Changes in the market conditions on the Reference Market 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a material change in the market conditions has occurred 
on the Reference Market, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall be entitled to effect adjustments to 
the Conditions to account for these changed market conditions. 
2.2 
Changes in the calculation of the Instrument 
Any changes in the calculation (including corrections) of an Instrument shall not lead to an adjustment 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that as a result of the changes (including corrections) the 
underlying concept and calculation of such Instrument is no longer comparable to the underlying concept 
or calculation applicable to such Instrument prior to such change. Adjustments may also be made as a 
result of the removal of such Instrument and/or its substitution by another underlying or the Delisting of 
such Instrument. 
For the purposes of making any adjustments, the Calculation Agent shall determine the adjusted value 
of such Instrument which shall be used for the determination of the relevant price of such Instrument for 
the Products that, in its economic result, shall correspond to the provisions prior to this change, and shall 
determine the day on which the adjusted value of such Instrument shall apply for the first time taking

--- Page 334 ---
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions 
 
333 
 
into account the time the change occurred. The adjusted value of the Instrument and the date of its first 
application shall be published pursuant to General Condition 15 (Notices). 
2.3 
Termination, early redemption, replacement or adjustment to the terms and conditions of 
the Instrument 
In the event that an Instrument is terminated and/or redeemed early or replaced by another Instrument, 
provided that such circumstance does not occur in connection with any insolvency or general settlement 
proceedings or other similar proceedings of the issuer of the Instrument(s), or in the event of changes to 
the terms and conditions of the Instrument(s), the Instrument(s) may be replaced for the purposes of these 
Conditions by another financial instrument (the "Successor Instrument"), if necessary, after the 
appropriate adjustments (if any) according to paragraph 2.2 have been made. The Successor Instrument 
and the date of its first application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
In this case, any reference in these Conditions to the Instrument shall, to the extent permitted by the 
context, be deemed to refer to the Successor Instrument. 
2.4 
Replacement of the Reference Market 
If the quotation of or trading in the Instrument(s) on the Reference Market is permanently discontinued 
while a quotation or trading is started up or maintained concurrently on another market (the "Substitute 
Reference Market"), the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to stipulate the Substitute Reference Market 
as the relevant Reference Market via publication in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
In the case of such a substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Reference Market thereafter 
shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Reference Market. 
The adjustment described above shall be published in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) 
within the three-month period following the permanent discontinuation of the quotation of or trading in 
the Instrument on the Reference Market. 
2.5 
Additional adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if, in relation to a Basket Component, an adjustment 
(as described in Fixed Rate Instrument or Derivative Instrument Linked Condition 2.1 to 2.4) is 
necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such 
Fixed Rate or Derivative Instrument Linked Condition in relation to each of such Basket Component (an 
"Affected Basket Component")) be entitled, but not obliged, to either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without replacement 
(and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the Conditions as it 
reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the removal of the Affected Basket 
Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket Component 
(which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the value of the Affected 
Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket Component"). In such case, the Calculation 
Agent may make such amendments to the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate 
to take into account the replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor 
Basket Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as similar to 
the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably practicable. Upon such 
replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed to be the Basket Component and 
any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket Component, to the extent permitted by 
the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Successor Basket Component. 
2.6 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Fixed Rate Instrument or Derivative Instrument 
Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance 
with General Condition 15 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the

--- Page 335 ---
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions 
 
334 
 
relevant event in respect of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such 
notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant event or any action taken. 
2.7 
Early Termination due to an Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph 2.1 to 2.5 above would 
be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may determine 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) 
Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the 
Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by 
it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid 
on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
3. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is published by the Reference Market on or before the Business Day prior to the next 
date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which 
any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in each case, would 
require the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to determine the 
amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in connection with the 
Products after taking into account such Corrected Price, and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. 
Any such determination or adjustment and the date of its first application shall be published in accordance 
General Condition 15 (Notices). 
4. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to 
account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) above 
would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine that the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business 
Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the 
Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product 
held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination 
shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Fixed Rate 
Instrument Linked Products and Derivative Instrument Linked Products and each Underlying which is a 
Fixed Rate Instrument or Derivative Instrument: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law and/or a 
Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Adjustment Event" means each of the events described in paragraphs 2.1, 2.2, 2.3 and 2.4 of these 
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions. 
"Basket Component" means each Instrument composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of an 
Instrument, or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations

--- Page 336 ---
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions 
 
335 
 
arising from the Products (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in 
tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Closing Price" means, on any day in respect of an Instrument, the official closing price of such 
Instrument on the Reference Market as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked 
Conditions. 
"Delisting" means, in respect of an Instrument, that the relevant Reference Market announces that 
pursuant to the rules of such Reference Market, such Instrument ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded 
or publicly quoted on the Reference Market for any reason and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or 
re-quoted on a market or quotation system located in the same country as the Reference Market (or, 
where the Reference Market is within the European Union, in any Member State of the European Union). 
"Derivative Instrument" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Fixed Rate Instrument 
and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions, each instrument specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an Instrument, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant 
Reference Market fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure of the Reference Market" means, in respect of an Instrument, the closure on any 
Trading Day of the Reference Market prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing 
time is announced by such Reference Market at least one hour prior to the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on the Reference Market on such Trading Day. 
"Fixed Rate Instrument" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Fixed Rate Instrument 
and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions, each fixed rate instrument specified as such in the Issue 
Terms.  
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing the 
Issuer's obligations arising from the Products or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent, any of its affiliate(s) or any entity (or 
entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any underlying or hedging 
transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is likely to 
become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate the Fixed Rate 
Instruments and/or Derivative Instruments in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery 
obligations (in whole or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient 
liquidity of the Fixed Rate Instruments and/or Derivative Instruments. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee or other cost 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity deems necessary to hedge the risk in 
respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Instrument" means a Fixed Rate Instrument or Derivative Instrument, as the case may be. 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of an Instrument and any relevant time on any relevant day, the price 
at which such Instrument trades on the relevant Reference Market at such time on such day, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of an Instrument and any relevant day, one of the following as specified in the 
Issue Terms in respect of such Instrument and such day:

--- Page 337 ---
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions 
 
336 
 
(a) 
Opening Price; 
(b) 
Closing Price; or 
(c) 
Intraday Price. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of an Instrument, the occurrence or existence of any of 
the following: 
(a) 
the suspension or absence of the announcement of a price of an Instrument relevant for the 
Products on the Reference Market; 
(b) 
the suspension or limitation of trading (the latter of which the Calculation Agent determines is 
material in respect of the Products) (i) of such Instrument on the Reference Market, (ii) in futures 
or options contracts relating to such Instrument on a futures exchange where such contracts are 
usually traded or (iii) due to a directive of an authority or the Reference Market or due to a 
moratorium on banking activities in the country where the Reference Market is located, or due 
to any other reasons;  
(c) 
the Early Closure of the Reference Market; 
(d) 
at any time, an event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (i) to obtain market values for such Instrument, (ii) to sell or 
transfer such Instrument or to exercise the rights conveyed by such Instrument or (iii) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to such 
Instrument on a futures exchange where such contracts are usually traded; 
(e) 
any event other than those listed at paragraphs (a) to (d) of this definition of Market Disruption 
Event which, in its consequences, is commercially comparable to those events; 
(f) 
the suspension or limitation of banking activities in the country where the Reference Market is 
located and which the Calculation Agent determines is material in respect of the Products; or 
(g) 
an Illiquidity Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight Scheduled 
Trading Days.  
"Opening Price" means, on any day in respect of an Instrument, the official opening price of such 
Instrument on the Reference Market on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject 
as provided in the Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions.  
"Reference Market" means the reference market specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of an Instrument, a price for such Instrument, as 
determined and published by the Reference Market, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Instrument, a Reference Market and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Reference Market on such Scheduled Trading 
Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an Instrument, any day on which the Reference Market 
is scheduled to open for trading during its regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, the 
original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Trading Day" means, in respect of an Instrument, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Reference 
Market is open for trading during its regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Reference 
Market closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Instrument, a Trading Day for such Instrument.

--- Page 338 ---
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions 
 
337 
 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, the 
Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation Date, each 
Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker Observation Date, 
each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the Final Fixing Date and (b) each 
other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to 
determine the level of an Instrument, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Fixed 
Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of an Instrument, the time at which the official closing price of such 
Instrument is calculated on and published by the Reference Market. If the Reference Market closes prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular 
trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time.

--- Page 339 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
 
338 
 
ETF LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these ETF Linked Conditions shall apply to ETF Linked Products in respect of each 
Underlying which is an ETF Share. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Fund and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single ETF Share (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall 
apply to particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying 
Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the ETF Share on that 
last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the 
market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish 
the determined level of the ETF Share in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled 
Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following 
the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.1(a) above (or if such day is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or 
more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation 
Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of 
the relevant Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant Basket 
Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking 
into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant Basket Component in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be postponed until 
the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence in respect 
of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day

--- Page 340 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
 
339 
 
determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of the 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or 
more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation 
Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of all Basket 
Components shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect 
of any Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day for one or more ETF Shares in the basket (each such ETF Share an "Affected ETF Share" 
in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each ETF Share in the basket that is not an Affected ETF Share, the relevant Level 
shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected ETF Share, the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the 
relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. 
The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of such Affected ETF 
Share(s) in accordance with General Condition 15. 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected ETF Share may be postponed until the 
earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence in respect of 
such Affected ETF Share or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day 
determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
2. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events 
2.1 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred or is likely to occur 
and such Potential Adjustment Event Adjustment has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical 
value of an ETF Share, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to): 
(a) 
(i) 
make the corresponding adjustment(s), if appropriate, to the Conditions as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative 
effect; and 
(ii) 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). In such case, such adjustments shall 
be deemed to be so made from such date(s). The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may 
(but need not) perform the appropriate adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in 
respect of such Potential Adjustment Event and exchange contracts on the ETF Shares 
that are traded on such Related Exchange; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less

--- Page 341 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
 
340 
 
than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause 
to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the 
notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
Any adjustment made by the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent pursuant to this ETF Linked Condition 2.1 
shall be notified to Investors, stating the relevant adjustment and the effective date of such adjustment, 
in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
2.2 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Event 
(a) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event has occurred, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to): 
(i) 
undertake those adjustments to variables that it considers to be appropriate, as the case 
may be, regarding the calculation methods, the settlement or payment or other terms in 
respect of the Products to account for the effects of such Extraordinary Event in respect 
of the Products and (B) determine the effective date of these adjustments; or 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make pursuant to 
paragraph 2.2(a)(i) above leads to a commercially reasonable result, then the Calculation 
Agent may select: 
(A) 
another fund that is in the same currency and has the same investment objective 
as the relevant Fund (the "Replacement Fund"); and 
(B) 
the applicable day (the "Fund Replacement Date") for the replacement of the 
relevant Fund with the Replacement Fund (for the avoidance of doubt, the 
Calculation Agent may set the Fund Replacement Date as any date, including any 
date before the occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary Event or the Issue Date), 
in which case, (I) the Replacement Fund replaces the Relevant Fund on the Fund Replacement 
Date, (II) references herein to the Fund are deemed, from the Fund Replacement Date, to be 
references to the Replacement Fund and (III) the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion undertakes the appropriate adjustments to variables that it considers to be 
appropriate, as the case may be, regarding the calculation methods, the valuation, settlement or 
payment terms in respect of the Products to account for such substitution; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less 
than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause 
to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the 
notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
Any adjustment made by the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent pursuant to this ETF Linked Condition 2.2 
shall be notified to Investors, stating the relevant adjustment and the effective date of such adjustment, 
in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if, in relation to a Basket Component, an adjustment 
(as described in ETF Linked Condition 2) is necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall (in 
addition to the adjustments pursuant to such ETF Linked Condition in relation to each of such Basket 
Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) be entitled, but not obliged to either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without replacement 
(and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the Conditions as it

--- Page 342 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
 
341 
 
reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the removal of the Affected Basket 
Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket Component 
(which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the value of the Affected 
Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket Component"). In such case, the Calculation 
Agent may make such amendments to the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate 
to take into account the replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor 
Basket Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as similar to 
the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably practicable. Upon such 
replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed to be the Basket Component and 
any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket Component, to the extent permitted by 
the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this ETF Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), stating the 
relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect of which such adjustment 
was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant event 
or any action taken. 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional Disruption 
Event (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends or 
liquidity relevant to the Fund); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) above 
would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine that the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business 
Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the 
Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product 
held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination 
shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
Any adjustment made by the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent pursuant to this ETF Linked Condition 3 
shall be notified to Investors, stating the relevant adjustment and the effective date of such adjustment, 
in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is published by the Exchange on or before the Business Day prior to the next date 
on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any 
relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in each case, would require 
the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to determine the amount 
payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in connection with the Products after 
taking into account such Corrected Price, and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. Any such 
determination or adjustment and the date of its first application shall be published in accordance General 
Condition 15 (Notices).

--- Page 343 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
 
342 
 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of ETF Linked 
Products and each Underlying which is an ETF Share: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law and/or a 
Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each ETF Share composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of an 
ETF Share, or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
arising from the Products (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in 
tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Closing Price" means, on any day in respect of an ETF, the official closing price of such ETF on the 
Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject 
as provided in the ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Constitutional Document(s)" means, in respect of a Fund, the document(s) constituting the Trust. 
"Delisting" means, in respect an ETF Share, that such ETF Shares cease or have ceased to be admitted 
to trade on the Exchange and that such ETF Shares have not been admitted to trade on another Exchange 
that the Calculation Agent considers to be a suitable substitute Exchange. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an ETF Share, a Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the closure on any Exchange Trading Day of one 
or more relevant Exchange(s) or one or more Related Exchange(s) prior to the Scheduled Closing Time, 
unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one 
hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) 
or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Trading Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Trading Day. 
"ETF" means an exchange traded fund.  
"ETF Share" mean, in respect of a Fund, the shares or units of such Fund specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, subject to replacement in accordance with these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the exchange or the quotation system specified as such 
in the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in such ETF Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined in its reasonable discretion that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to such ETF Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange). 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of an ETF Share, an event (other than an Early Exchange 
Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general to (a) effect transactions in such ETF Shares or obtain market values on the 
Exchange for such ETF Shares or (b) effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options 
contracts on such ETF Share on a relevant Related Exchange. 
"Exchange Trading Day" means, in respect of an ETF Share, a Scheduled Trading Day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading

--- Page 344 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
 
343 
 
sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time. 
"Extraordinary Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share, each of (a) an Insolvency in respect of the 
Fund, its Management Company or a depository or another of the Fund's service providers, (b) a Merger 
Event, (c) a Delisting or (d) a Termination of the Trust in respect of the related Fund. 
"Fund" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the issuer of such ETF Share as specified in the Issue Terms, 
subject to replacement in accordance with these ETF Linked Conditions.  
"Fund Reference Index" means the index specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Fund Reference Index Sponsor" means the sponsor of the Fund Reference Index, as specified in the 
Issue Terms.  
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing the 
Issuer's obligations arising from the Products or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent, any of their affiliate(s) or any entity (or 
entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any underlying or hedging 
transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is likely to 
become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate the ETF Shares in 
a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole or in part) in respect of the 
forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of the ETF Shares. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee or other cost 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity deems necessary to hedge the risk in 
respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a relevant entity, that such entity:  
(a) 
is wound up (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or takeover);  
(b) 
becomes insolvent, is unable or fails to pay its debts or admits in writing its inability generally 
to pay its debts as they become due;  
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors;  
(d) 
either: 
(i) 
institutes or has instituted against it a petition by a regulator, regulatory body or other 
body with primary responsibility for insolvency, restructuring or supervision in the 
country in which its head office is registered or established, whereby a judgment is 
sought for insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief affecting creditors' rights or a 
petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by itself or such regulator, 
regulatory body or such similar body; or  
(ii) 
has brought a petition against itself seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or 
any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or applicable relief affecting 
creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and the 
petition or other application is instituted or made by a person or agent that is not named 
under (d)(i) of this definition of Insolvency and either:

--- Page 345 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
 
344 
 
(A) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief 
or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or  
(B) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within fifteen 
calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof;  
(e) 
has passed a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger);  
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, Trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets;  
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against 
all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within fifteen calendar days 
thereafter; 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (g) of 
this definition; or 
(i) 
takes actions that promote any of the foregoing processes or agrees to, consents to or permits 
the same. 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of an ETF and any relevant time on any relevant day, the price at 
which such ETF trades on the relevant Exchange at such time on such day, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of an ETF Share and any relevant day, one of the following as specified in the 
Issue Terms in respect of such ETF Share and such day: 
(a) 
Closing Price; 
(b) 
Intraday Price; or 
(c) 
Opening Price. 
"Management Company" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the management 
company specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the occurrence or existence of:  
(a) 
a Trading Disruption or an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
regards as material in respect of the Products, at any time during the one-hour period 
immediately before the relevant Valuation Time;   
(b) 
an Early Exchange Closure; or 
(c) 
an Illiquidity Event, 
PROVIDED THAT, if in respect of an event that would otherwise be a Market Disruption Event occurs 
only two hours prior to the time of the actual closing time for the regular trading session on the relevant 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on the relevant Exchange Trading Day, the Calculation Agent may 
determine that such event is not considered material in respect of the relevant ETF Share. In such case 
such event shall not be a Market Disruption Event in respect of such ETF Share and, in respect of the 
relevant day, the Calculation Agent shall use the corresponding level of such ETF Share and the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day.  
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight Scheduled 
Trading Days.

--- Page 346 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
 
345 
 
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event (as determined by the Calculation Agent) or, 
where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such 
other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share, any of:  
(a) 
reclassification or other change to the Fund that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such ETF Shares outstanding to another entity or person;  
(b) 
a consolidation, amalgamation or binding unit exchange of the Fund with or into another entity 
or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation or binding unit exchange in which such 
Fund is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such 
ETF Shares outstanding); 
(c) 
takeover offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to 
purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding ETF Shares that results in a 
transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such ETF Shares (other than such ETF 
Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person); or  
(d) 
consolidation, amalgamation or binding unit exchange of the Fund or its affiliates with or into 
another entity in which the Fund is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such ETF Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding ETF 
Shares (other than ETF Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to 
such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding ETF Shares 
immediately following such event in each case if the Merger Date is on or before the Final 
Fixing Date.  
"Opening Price" means, on any day in respect of an ETF, the official opening price of such ETF on the 
Exchange on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the ETF 
Linked Conditions.  
"Potential Adjustment Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the occurrence 
of any of the following events: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of ETF Shares (unless resulting in a Merger 
Event) or a free distribution or dividend of such ETF Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of ETF Shares of:  
(i) 
such ETF Shares;  
(ii) 
other participation rights or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or 
a share in the proceeds of liquidation of the Fund equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such ETF Shares;  
(iii) 
participation rights or securities of another unit issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction; or  
(iv) 
any other type of securities, rights or options or other assets, in any case for payment 
(cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
a distribution per ETF Share which the Calculation Agent determines to be characterised as an 
extraordinary dividend; 
(d) 
a call by the Fund in respect of ETF Shares that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the Fund or any of its affiliates of ETF Shares whether out of profits or capital 
and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise;

--- Page 347 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
 
346 
 
(f) 
an event occurs that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated 
from shares of common stock other units of the Fund pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or 
similar arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of 
certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at 
a price below their market value as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any 
adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any exercise of such 
rights; 
(g) 
any other circumstances that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such ETF Shares; or 
(h) 
an adjustment to the calculation terms of exchange contracts in respect of such ETF Shares that 
are traded on a Related Exchange. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of an ETF Share, those options or futures exchanges on which 
options or futures contracts are regularly traded on the units of the Fund, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, and (in each case) any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system where trading is temporarily carried out in futures or options contracts on such ETF 
Shares (to the extent as determined by the Calculation Agent on the temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system the liquidity for the futures and options contracts on ETF Shares is comparable with 
the liquidity of the original Related Exchange). 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of an ETF Share, a price for such ETF Share, as 
determined and published by the Exchange, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an ETF Share, an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on 
the Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside the regular trading 
session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an ETF Share, a day on which each Exchange and each 
Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, the 
original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Termination of the Trust" means, in respect of a Fund, where pursuant to the Constitutional 
Document(s) the Trust has been terminated or amended in another way, including (but not limited to): 
(a) 
the rescission of the Constitutional Document(s) by the Management Company or the Trustee 
or the termination of the calculation and publication of the Fund Reference Index by the Fund 
Reference Index Sponsor; 
(b) 
a decision of a competent authority on the rescission or cancellation of the Constitutional 
Document(s) or the Trust; and/or 
(c) 
a decision of a competent authority on the (i) rescission or suspension of the applicable licence 
of the Management Company that is necessary for the administration of the Fund or (ii) 
unwinding of the Management Company.  
Throughout the life of a Fund the replacement of the Management Company or the substitution of the 
Trustee by a substitute Trustee shall not lead to the Termination of the Trust and any such replacement 
investment Management Company and any such substitute Trustee shall be regarded as the Management 
Company or Trustee as from the date on which such replacement or substitution takes effect. 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of an ETF Share, a suspension of or limitation imposed on 
trading by the Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to 
ETF Shares on the Exchange, (b) in futures or options contracts on the ETF Shares on a relevant Related 
Exchange or (c) in ETF Shares or other securities of an ETF in respect of the relevant Funds Reference

--- Page 348 ---
ETF Linked Conditions 
 
347 
 
Index on the Exchange or a Related Exchange, if in any of these cases the Calculation Agent determines 
in its reasonable discretion that such suspension or limitation is material. 
"Trust" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the trust which constitutes the Fund or 
the company or another vehicle under which the ETF Shares are issued by the Fund. 
"Trustee(s)" means the trustees for the beneficial owners of the Fund. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an ETF Share, an Exchange Trading Day for such ETF 
Share. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, the 
Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation Date, each 
Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker Observation Date, 
each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the Final Fixing Date and (b) each 
other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to 
determine the level of a Fund, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with these ETF Linked 
Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the time at which the Exchange calculates and 
publishes the official closing price of such ETF Share. If the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and the Valuation Time falls after the actual closing time for the regular trading session, 
the Valuation Time means the time of the actual close of trading.

--- Page 349 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
 
348 
 
FUND LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Fund Linked Conditions shall apply to Fund Linked Products in respect of each 
Underlying which is a Fund Unit. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Fund and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Fund Unit (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall 
apply to particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying 
Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Fund Unit on that 
last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the 
market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish 
the determined level of the Fund Unit in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled 
Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following 
the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.1(a) above (or if such day is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or 
more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation 
Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of 
the relevant Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant Basket 
Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking 
into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant Basket Component in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be postponed until 
the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence in respect 
of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day

--- Page 350 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
 
349 
 
determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or 
more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation 
Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of all Basket 
Components shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect 
of any Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In 
that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day for one or more Fund Units in the basket (each such Fund Unit an "Affected Fund Unit" 
in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date);  
(b) 
in respect of each Fund Unit in the basket that is not an Affected Fund Unit, the relevant Level 
shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Fund Unit, the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the 
relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. 
The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of such Affected Fund 
Unit(s) in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days of 
Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Fund Unit may be postponed until the 
earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence in respect of 
such Affected Fund Unit or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day 
determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
2. 
Adjustments 
2.1 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
(a) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred or is likely 
to occur, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to), if the Calculation 
Agent determines in its reasonable discretion, that such event is material and adversely affects 
the relevant Fund Unit or the calculation of the NAV of such Fund Unit: 
(i) 
make any adjustments to any calculation methods, values or terms in respect of the 
Products that they determine at their reasonable discretion to be necessary to account for 
such Potential Adjustment Event; and/or 
(ii) 
select, by using reasonable efforts for a period of no longer than five (5) Business Days, 
one or more suitable alternative funds with reasonably similar investment mandates 
(each a "Replacement Fund") and replace the Fund by such Replacement Fund, subject 
to the satisfaction of all of the following suitability criteria: 
(A) 
the relevant fund management company(ies) and fund manager(s) are willing to 
allow the fund to be referenced in the Products;

--- Page 351 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
 
350 
 
(B) 
the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent can trade at net asset value or at bid price in 
the fund with no direct or indirect fee, levy or other charge whatsoever, including 
subscription or redemption penalties applicable, or potentially applicable, to any 
such trading or any interest so acquired; 
(C) 
the fund (or a relevant manager) publishes the fund's net asset value or bid price 
on a daily basis; and 
(D) 
the Hedging Entity is able to fully hedge its position with respect to the 
Replacement Fund as at the date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
elects to replace the Fund with the Replacement Fund; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) above (and 
paragraph 2.2 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less 
than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause 
to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the 
notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
If the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent elects to replace a Fund with a Replacement Fund, any 
reference to such Fund in these Fund Linked Conditions shall, to the extent appropriate, be 
deemed to refer to such Replacement Fund. 
Any adjustment made by the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent pursuant to this Fund Linked 
Condition 2 shall be notified to Investors, stating the relevant adjustment and the effective date 
of such adjustment, in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
2.2 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if, in relation to a Basket Component, an adjustment 
(as described in Fund Linked Condition 2) is necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall (in 
addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Fund Linked Condition in relation to each such Basket 
Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) be entitled, but not obliged to either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without replacement 
(and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the Conditions as it 
reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the removal of the Affected Basket 
Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket Component 
(which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the value of the Affected 
Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket Component"). In such case, the Calculation 
Agent may make such amendments to the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate 
to take into account the replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor 
Basket Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as similar to 
the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably practicable. Upon such 
replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed to be the Basket Component and 
any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket Component, to the extent permitted by 
the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Successor Basket Component. 
2.3 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Fund Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), 
stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect of which such 
adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the 
relevant event or any action taken.

--- Page 352 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
 
351 
 
3. 
Correction of Values 
In the event that a Relevant Value is subsequently corrected and such correction (the "Corrected Value") 
is published on behalf of such Fund on or before the Business Day prior to the next date on which any 
relevant payment or delivery may have been made by the Issuer or in respect of which any relevant 
determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in each case, would require the 
Relevant Value, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or 
Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in connection with the Products after taking into 
account such Corrected Value, and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may 
adjust any relevant terms of the Products to account for such Corrected Value. The adjustment and the 
date of its first application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
4. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to 
account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) above 
would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine that the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business 
Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the 
Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product 
held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination 
shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Fund Linked 
Products and each Underlying which is a Fund Unit: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law and/or a 
Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each Fund Unit composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of a 
Fund Unit, or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
arising from the Products (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in 
tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Denomination Currency" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, the currency in which the NAV of such 
Fund Unit or the related Fund is published. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, a Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Fund" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, the issuer of such Fund Unit as specified in the Issue Terms, 
subject to replacement in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions.  
"Fund Unit" means, in respect of a Fund, a share or unit in such Fund, as specified in the Issue Terms, 
subject to replacement in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing the

--- Page 353 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
 
352 
 
Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of their affiliate(s) or any entity (or 
entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any underlying or hedging 
transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is likely to 
become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate the Fund in a 
sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole or in part) in respect of the 
forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of the Fund. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee or other cost 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity deems necessary to hedge the risk in 
respect of entering into and performing the Issuer´s obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Level" means, in respect of a Fund Unit and any relevant day, the NAV in respect of such Fund Unit 
and such day. 
"Manager" means, in respect of a Fund, each of its manager, investment manager or any of its investment 
advisors. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, any one of the following events: 
(a) 
a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of such Fund Unit or NAV;  
(b) 
an Illiquidity Event; or 
(c) 
the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for such Fund Unit. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight Scheduled 
Trading Days.  
"NAV" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, the net asset value calculated in accordance with the terms of 
the prospectus or other documents prepared in connection with the marketing of such Fund. 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means, in respect of a Fund Unit and the related Fund, any one of the 
following events:  
(a) 
a violation or change of any material terms of the offer documents or other documents prepared 
in connection with the marketing of the Fund or each of its constitutional documents, which, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, is material; 
(b) 
the main investment objective of the Fund changes; 
(c) 
the Denomination Currency is changed and now differs from the Denomination Currency as at 
the Initial Fixing Date; 
(d) 
the NAV, as calculated by or on behalf of the Fund is not calculated or announced in respect of 
any Scheduled Trading Day within the time period that the Calculation Agent would ordinarily 
expect such NAV to be available in respect of such day; 
(e) 
the total value of the assets managed by the Fund Adviser (including the Fund), as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, has decreased by 50 per cent. (either due to redemptions or decrease 
in value of such assets), over a period of twelve months; 
(f) 
the reduction of the Fund's aggregate net asset value under an amount that, in the reasonable 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to have, a significant effect on the management

--- Page 354 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
 
353 
 
conditions of the Fund or its operating expenses or would increase the proportion of Fund Units 
held, or likely to be held, by a Hypothetical Investor to such extent that the full redemption in 
one single valid and timely redemption order of the Fund Units held by a Hypothetical Investor 
or funds managed by the same, is likely to be impaired; 
(g) 
any restriction or limitation or suspension or deferral of trading of, or redemptions of or 
subscription for Fund Units affecting the Hedging Entity's ability to conduct its activities it 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's 
obligations under the relevant Products (including, but not limited to, the introduction or 
increase of any associated fee, cost or expense, or any restructure, reorganisation or action that 
has a similar impact to a gate or side pocket), or any mandatory redemption of Fund Units; 
(h) 
the regulatory or tax treatment applicable with respect to the Issuer, the Fund or any Manager is 
changed; 
(i) 
any review or investigation of the activities of the Fund or its Managers, by a relevant regulator, 
in connection with suspected or alleged wrongdoing or breach of any rule or regulation, or other 
similar reason, or any disciplinary action taken by such regulator in consequence thereof; 
(j) 
any winding-up, liquidation of, or any termination or any loss of regulatory approval, licence or 
registration of, a Manager, or any merger, de-merger, winding-up or liquidation of or affecting 
the Fund; 
(k) 
any arrangement between the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent and the Fund and/or a Manager, 
including arrangements relating to subscriptions in and redemptions of Fund Units, being 
changed or terminated; 
(l) 
the occurrence of any event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at their reasonable 
discretion, prevents, hinders or materially impairs the Hedging Entity's ability to conduct 
activities it deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the 
Issuer's obligations under the relevant Products; 
(m) 
the notice period for subscriptions/redemption in the Fund Unit is modified in a significant 
manner and/or the subscriptions and/or redemptions in Fund Units are suspended, postponed or 
reduced (either in whole or in part), and/or the payments of redemption proceeds to be paid in 
respect of a redemption order are suspended, postponed, reduced (either in whole or in part) or 
paid by instalments, and/or the dividend and/or redemption payments are made (either in whole 
or in part) in kind rather than in cash and/or the non-execution or partial execution by the Fund 
for any reason of a subscription or redemption order on the Fund Units; or 
(n) 
any other circumstances that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Fund Units or on the NAV. 
"Relevant Value" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, a value for such Fund Unit, as determined and 
published by or on behalf of the related Fund, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, any day on which the NAV is scheduled to 
be calculated and announced in accordance with the terms of the prospectus or other documents prepared 
in connection with the marketing of the Fund. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, the 
original date specified as such in the Issue Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Trading Day" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the NAV is 
calculated and announced in accordance with the terms of the prospectus or other documents prepared 
in connection with the marketing of the Fund.  
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, a Trading Day for such Fund Unit. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, the 
Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation Date, each

--- Page 355 ---
Fund Linked Conditions 
 
354 
 
Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker Observation Date, 
each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the Final Fixing Date and (b) each 
other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to 
determine the level of a Fund Unit, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Fund 
Linked Conditions.

--- Page 356 ---
Reference Rate Linked Conditions 
 
355 
 
REFERENCE RATE LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of theses Reference Rate Linked Conditions shall apply to Reference Rate Linked 
Products in respect of each Underlying which is a Reference Rate. 
1. 
Determination of the Reference Rate  
The relevant level of the Reference Rate in respect of any Underlying Valuation Date will be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion on the following basis: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent will, in its reasonable discretion, determine the relevant level of the 
respective Reference Rate which appears on the relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time 
on the relevant Underlying Valuation Date; 
(b) 
if, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
relevant level of the Reference Rate does not appear on the relevant Screen Page or the relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(i) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of such Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on such 
Underlying Valuation Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and 
(ii) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations (rounded upward or downwards, if 
necessary, to the Quotation Rounding), 
provided that if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested under paragraph 1(a) 
above, then the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the 
Reference Rate in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date in its reasonable discretion, taking 
into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day (any such determination made 
pursuant to this Reference Rate Linked Condition 1 shall be notified to Investors in accordance 
with General Condition 15 (Notices)); or 
(c) 
if the Calculation Agent has determined, in its reasonable discretion, that an Underlying Event 
has occurred, notwithstanding the provisions above in paragraphs 1(a) and (b) above, it is 
entitled: 
(i) 
if a successor reference rate has been determined for the respective Reference Rate by a 
public announcement issued by the administrator of the respective Reference Rate, the 
competent central bank or a regulatory and/or supervisory authority or a successor 
administrator, to set such rate as the successor reference rate (the "Successor Reference 
Rate") and to use it instead of the respective Reference Rate on the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date and on any subsequent Underlying Valuation Date for the Products; 
(ii) 
if a Successor Reference Rate has not been determined by such announcement, to set as 
the successor reference rate a rate which is comparable to the respective Reference Rate 
at its reasonable discretion and taking into account market practices (the "Successor 
Reference Rate") and to use such Successor Reference Rate on the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date and any subsequent Underlying Valuation Date for the Products, where, 
if the Calculation Agent determines that an appropriate rate exists which is generally 
accepted in the financial sector as the Successor Reference Rate for the respective 
Underlying and/or Basket Component, it will set such rate as the Successor Reference 
Rate for the Products and will use that Successor Reference Rate for the Products on the 
relevant Underlying Valuation Date and any subsequent Underlying Valuation Date, 
provided that, in the event that a Successor Reference Rate is determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above, the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to 
determine in its reasonable discretion the method for periodically determining the amount of the 
Successor Reference Rate and, if necessary, to make adjustments to the provisions of the 
Conditions on which the Products are based with respect to the calculation of the Successor 
Reference Rate and the Coupon and the redemption of the Products in general, provided that

--- Page 357 ---
Reference Rate Linked Conditions 
 
356 
 
only such adjustments are made that do not result in an economic disadvantage to the Investor. 
The determination of a Successor Reference Rate and any adjustments to the Conditions on 
which the Products are based pursuant to the preceding paragraphs as well as the respective 
effective dates thereof shall be announced by the Calculation Agent in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices). 
(d) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) no determination as described in (a) above would 
be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result; or (b) in the case of an 
Underlying Event, it is not possible to determine a Successor Reference Rate, the Calculation 
Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) 
nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid 
to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early 
Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance 
with General Condition 15 (Notices).  
2. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to 
account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no determination as described in (a) above would be 
possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine that the Issuer shall 
redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' 
irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices), in which case the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held 
by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall 
become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
3. 
Correction of Rates 
In the event that a Relevant Rate is subsequently corrected and the correction (the "Corrected Rate") is 
displayed on the relevant Screen Page on or before the Business Day prior to the next date on which any 
relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any relevant 
determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in each case, would require the 
Relevant Rate, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or 
Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in connection with the Products after taking into 
account such Corrected Rate, and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust 
any relevant terms of the Products to account for such Corrected Rate. Any such determination or 
adjustment and the date of its first application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 
15 (Notices). 
4. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in relation to Reference Rate 
Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Reference Rate: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law and/or a 
Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Issue Terms.  
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of 
positions, contracts, instruments or arrangements in relation to a Reference Rate, or (ii) the Hedging 
Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on its tax position).

--- Page 358 ---
Reference Rate Linked Conditions 
 
357 
 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing the 
Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent, any of its affiliates or any entity (or 
entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any underlying or hedging 
transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee or other cost 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity deems necessary to hedge the risk in 
respect of entering into and performing the Issuer´s obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Level" means, in respect of a Reference Rate and any relevant day, the Screen Rate in respect of such 
Reference Rate and such day. 
"Quotation Rounding" means the rounding specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means the major banks selected by the Calculation Agent, in its reasonable 
discretion, in the Relevant Financial Centre. 
"Reference Rate" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Reference Rate Linked 
Conditions, each interest rate or reference rate specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the city specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, a rate for such Reference Rate, as displayed on 
the Screen Page, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Relevant Time" means the time specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Screen Page" means the screen page specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Screen Rate" means, on any day in respect of a Reference Rate, the relevant rate of such Reference 
Rate displayed on the relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant day, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Reference Rate Linked Conditions. 
"Underlying Event" means (a) any permanent and final termination of the determination, provision or 
publication of the relevant Reference Rate by any administrator in circumstances where no successor 
administrator exists, or any other permanent and final discontinuation of the existence of the respective 
Underlying and/or Basket Component or (b) a material change in the methodology of determining or 
calculating the relevant rate of the respective Reference Rate as compared to the methodology used at 
the Issue Date if such change results in the respective rate, calculated in accordance with the new 
methodology, no longer representing, or being apt to represent adequately, the (original) rate or in terms 
of economic substance no longer being comparable to the (original) rate determined or calculated in 
accordance with the methodology used at the Issue Date or (c) the applicability of any law or any other 
legal provision, or of any administrative or judicial order, decree or other binding measure, pursuant to 
which the relevant rate may no longer be used to determine the payment obligations under the Products, 
or pursuant to which any such use is subject to not only immaterial restrictions or adverse consequences.  
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, a Business Day. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, the 
Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation Date, each 
Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker Observation Date, 
each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the Final Fixing Date and (b) each 
other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to

--- Page 359 ---
Reference Rate Linked Conditions 
 
358 
 
determine the level of a Reference Rate, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with these 
Reference Rate Linked Conditions.

--- Page 360 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
359 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms for each Series will include such of the following information as is applicable with 
respect to such Products. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Products are not intended, to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, any retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Products or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Products or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[In accordance with PR Art 8(11), insert the following (on first page) if intend to continue an offer 
following the expiry of the current Base Prospectus: The Base Prospectus (as defined below) expires on 
23 June 2022. On or prior to [this date][insert earlier date if the update is brought forward], a succeeding 
base prospectus (the "2022 Base Prospectus") will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of Leonteq Securities, AG (www.leonteq.com). 
Thereafter, the offering of the Products will continue under the 2022 Base Prospectus. The terms and 
conditions (and form of final terms) from the Base Prospectus will be incorporated by reference into the 
2022 Base Prospectus and will continue to apply to the Products.] 
 
FINAL TERMS dated [] 
 
LEONTEQ SECURITIES AG 
(incorporated in Switzerland) 
[acting through its Guernsey branch (Leonteq Securities AG, Guernsey Branch)] 
[acting through its Amsterdam branch (Leonteq Securities AG, Amsterdam Branch)] 
[Legal Entity Identifier: []] 
[Up 
to] 
[

] 
[[Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
with 
European 
Barrier 
[with 
[(Return)]/[(Protection)]/[(Optimal 
Tracker)]/[(Inverse 
Participation 
[and 
High 
Strike])]/[Increased Downside Risk]]]/[Yield Enhancement Products with American Barrier [with 
[(Return)]/[(Protection)]/[(Inverse Participation [and High Strike])]/[Increased Downside 
Risk][Yield Enhancement Products without Barrier [[(Inverse) with High Strike]/[with Downside 
Participation]]]]/[Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
with 
Stability 
Note]/[Twin 
Win 
with 
[European]/[American] Barrier ([Bullish]/[Bearish])]/[Fixed Redemption Products]/[Protection 
Products [with]/[without] [Barrier [and Strike Event]/[and Upside Protection]]/[Twin Win [and 
Low Strike ]]]/[Bonus Products [(European Barrier)]/[(European Barrier with Upside 
Participation)]/[(European Barrier with Downside Participation)]/[(European Barrier with Bonus 
Cap)]/[(American 
Barrier 
with 
Upside 
Participation 
and 
Normal 
Performance 
Participation)]/[(American Barrier with Upside Participation)]/[(American Barrier with Upside 
Participation and Downside Participation)]/[(American Barrier with Bonus Cap)]/[(American 
Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside Cap)]]]/[Reverse Convertible Products (Single 
Underlying)]/[Reverse Convertible Products (Basket of Underlyings)]/[Reverse Convertible 
Product (Spread Underlying)]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with European 
Barrier]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with American Barrier]/[Barrier Reverse

--- Page 361 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
360 
 
Convertible Products with European Barrier and Participation]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products with American Barrier and Participation]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with 
Leverage Downside]/[Dual Currency Product[with Upside in Investment Currency]/[with Upside 
in Alternative Currency Payout]]/[Tracker Product [(Single Underlying with Quanto FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with Quanto FX and no Dividends)]/[( Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption)]/[(Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with Composite FX and no 
Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with Composite FX (Notional Units))]/[(Single Underlying with no 
FX and no Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units))]/[(Single Underlying with 
High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption)]/[( 
Single Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption)]/[(Single Underlying with 
High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and no Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with High Watermark 
Redemption with Composite FX (Notional Units))]/[Single Underlying with High Watermark 
Redemption with no FX and no Dividends]/[(Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with no FX (Notional Units))]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at 
Redemption)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Basket 
of Underlyings with Quanto FX and no Dividends)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX 
and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends at 
Redemption)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and no Dividends)]/[(Basket of 
Underlyings with no FX and no Dividends)]]/[Discount Product]/[Leverage Product [(Call 
Warrant Product[with Lock-In Feature]/[with High Watermark Redemption])]/[(Put Warrant 
Product)]/[(Call Knock-Out Warrant Product)]/[(Put Knock-Out Warrant Product)]/[(Bullish 
Mini Future Product)]/[(Bearish Mini Future Product)]]/[Outperformance Product with 
Participation]/[Participation Certificate with Airbag feauture]/[Long/Short Product[with no 
Management Fee Deduction]/[with Management Fee Deduction]/[with Outperformance 
Particiaption]]/[Dispersion 
Products]/[Steepener 
Product 
with 
Spread 
(Note 
or 
Certificate)]/[Steepener Product with Accrual Steepener (Warrant)]/[Steepener Product with 
Single Look (Warrant)]] due [] under the European Issuance and Offering Programme [the 
["[Certificates]/[Notes]" or the] "Products"]/[The Products are TCM Secured Products]/[(to be 
consolidated and to form a single series with the [] Products due [], and issued on [][, the [] 
Products due [], and issued on []] [and the [] Products due [], and issued on []] under the 
European Issuance and Offering Programme (the Tranche [ ] Products [and Tranche [ ] 
Products]))]  
[Issue Price: [] [per cent. of the [Issue Size]/[Specified Denomination]/[Notional Amount]]/[per 
Certificate]] 
[ISIN: []] 
[Series: []] 
[Tranche: []] 
This document constitutes the final terms of the Products (the "Final Terms") [Insert if the Final Terms 
is filed in the EEA alone or in conjunction with a non-EEA jurisdiction] [described herein for the purposes 
of Article 6(3) of the EU Prospectus Regulation] and is prepared in connection with the European 
Issuance and Offering Programme (the "Programme") established by Leonteq Securities AG which may 
also be acting through its Guernsey branch (Leonteq Securities AG, Guernsey Branch) or its Amsterdam 
branch (Leonteq Securities AG, Amsterdam Branch) (the "Issuer"). These Final Terms complete and 
should be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 24 June 2021[, as supplemented on []] 
(the "Base Prospectus"), which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. [Insert the following in respect of a new set of final terms to be filed in order to continue an 
offer of Products initially made under the June 2020 Base Prospectus (in accordance with the last 
paragraph of A1.6 of ESMA Q&A on the Prospectus Regulation): However, the terms and conditions of 
the Product will be as set out in the Base Prospectus dated 24 June 2020 (as supplemented by the first 
Supplement dated 24 November 2020 ("Prospectus Supplement No.1") and the second the Supplement 
dated 12 May 2021 ("Prospectus Supplement No.2")) (The "Original Base Prospectus") of the Issuer 
under the Programme (as incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus) and these Final Terms] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Products is only available on the basis of the

--- Page 362 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
361 
 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the Terms and Conditions of the Original 
Base Prospectus]. [A summary of the individual issue of the Products is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
The Products documented in these Final Terms may be considered structured products in Switzerland 
pursuant to Article 70 of the Swiss Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018 ("FinSA") and are not subject 
to supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA"). None of the Products 
constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the Collective 
Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006 ("CISA") and are neither subject to the authorisation nor the 
supervision by the FINMA and investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection provided 
under the CISA. Investors bear the credit risk of the Issuer. 
[Insert for Offers in Switzerland. To be used if the Base Prospectus is not registered with a FinSA 
Prospectus Office in accordance with FinSA and, consequently, no offer to Retail Clients is possible.] 
[The Products documented in these Final Terms are not being offered, sold or advertised, directly or 
indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland to retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) within the 
meaning of FinSA ("Retail Clients"). Neither these Final Terms nor any offering materials relating to 
the Products may be available to Retail Clients in or from Switzerland. The offering of the Products 
directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland is only made by way of private placement by 
addressing the Products solely at investors classified as professional clients (professionelle Kunden) or 
institutional clients (institutionelle Kunden) as defined in the FinSA ("Professional or Institutional 
Clients").] 
[Insert for each offer in Switzerland which is a Swiss Public Offering/FMIA Admission to Trading (via 
FinSA Prospectus Recognition): to be used where an offer of the Products to Retail Clients in Switzerland 
is intended and the relevant requirements of FinSA are complied with accordingly.] [The Base 
Prospectus has been registered with a FinSA Prospectus Office under the rules of the FinSA and the 
Products documented in these Final Terms may be offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in, 
into or from Switzerland to retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) within the meaning of FinSA 
("Retail Clients") in a way that triggers a prospectus requirement under the FinSA. Such offer of the 
Products to Retail Clients may only be made after the registration of the Programme with a FinSA 
Prospectus Office according to the rules of the FinSA. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are 
available on [specify website] or may be requested as hard copies on request of the investor at [specify 
address].]  
Final Terms will be prepared and deposited with the FinSA Prospectus Office in connection with each 
Swiss Public Offering/FMIA Admission to Trading (via FinSA Prospectus Recognition) (as described in 
"Important Legal Information – Offer in Switzerland" below). 
The 
Base 
Prospectus, 
and 
any 
supplements 
thereto, 
are 
available 
for 
viewing 
at 
https://structuredproducts-ch.leonteq.com/services/prospectuses?language_id=1.Terms used herein 
shall have the same meaning as in the General Conditions, the Payout Conditions and the applicable 
Underlying Specific Conditions (as may be amended and/or supplemented up to, and including, [insert 
Issue Date]) set forth in the Base Prospectus.  
[These Final Terms relate to each series of Products as set out in the table entitled 'Specific Provisions 
for each Series' below. References herein to "Products" shall be deemed to be references to the relevant 
Series of Products that are subject to these Final Terms and references to "Product" shall be construed 
accordingly.] 
[Make the following amendments in relation to a new set of final terms to be filed in order to continue 
an offer of Products initially made under the June 2020 Base Prospectus (in accordance with the last 
paragraph of A1.6 of ESMA Q&A on the EU Prospectus Regulation): from the Form of Final Terms to 
the Original Base Prospectus (each as incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus) replace all 
of the text below with (i) "Specification of the Product" together with the applicable text thereafter from 
such Form of Final Terms and (ii) Part I ("Information about the Terms and Conditions – Issue Specific 
Conditions") together with the applicable text and elections thereafter from such Form of Final Terms.]

--- Page 363 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
362 
 
(Where the Final Terms cover two or more series of Products, the table below should be completed for all variables which will differ across the different series. The relevant 
line item for any such variable contained in the Final Terms below the table entitled 'Specified Provisions for each Series' should include the following language: "In respect 
of each Series, as specified in the table set out in 'Specific Provisions for each Series' above") 
[SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES 
ISIN 
[Common 
Code]/[Insert 
other security 
code] 
[Series] 
[Settlement 
Currency]/ 
[Investment 
Currency] 
[Issue Size at the 
Issue Date] 
[Redemption 
Date] 
[Insert other 
variable which 
will differ across 
different series] 
[Insert other 
variable which 
will differ across 
different series] 
[Insert other 
variable which 
will differ across 
different series] 
[Insert other 
variable which 
will differ across 
different series] 
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]]

--- Page 364 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
363 
 
PART A - OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Security Codes: 
 
 
ISIN: 
[] 
 
Common Code: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
WKN Number: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Swiss Security Number: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Other Identifier: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
2. 
Relevant Clearing System(s) [and the 
relevant identification number(s)]: 
[Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
[SIS [– identification number []]] (specify 
other; 
give 
name(s), 
address(es) 
and 
identification number(s)) [] 
3. 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
PART B – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Provisions relating to the Products 
4. 
(a) 
Series: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Products shall be consolidated and form 
a single series with the Tranche [] Products[, 
the Tranche [] Products] [and the Tranche [
] Products] but shall not be fungible with the 
Tranche [ ] Products [, the Tranche [ ] 
Products] [and the Tranche [ ] Products] 
until such time as the clearing systems 
recognise the Products to be fungible with the 
Tranche [ ] Products[, the Tranche [ ] 
Products] [and the Tranche [] Products].] 
5. 
[Settlement Currency]/[Investment 
Currency]: 
[ ] [Investment Currency should only be 
chosen where Dual Currency Products is 
applicable.]  
6. 
Products: 
[Notes]/[Certificates]/[Having the form of 
Certificates but entitled "Warrants"] 
7. 
Notes: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(a) 
Issue Size as at the Issue Date: 
[Up to] [] 
 
(i) 
Tranche: 
[[Up to] []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Series: 
[[Up to] []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Specified Denomination: 
[] 
 
(c) 
Minimum Tradable Lot: 
[]

--- Page 365 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
364 
 
8. 
Certificates: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(a) 
[Insert for Unit Certificates: Number 
of Products]/[Insert for Notional 
Certificates: Issue Size as at the Issue 
Date]: 
[Up to] [] [Certificates] 
 
(i) 
Tranche: 
[[Up to] [] [Certificates]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Series: 
[[Up to] [] [Certificates]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
[Notional Amount:] 
[ ] (Insert for Notional Certificates, 
otherwise delete) 
 
(c) 
Minimum Tradable Lot: 
[[] Certificate[s]] [Not Applicable] 
9. 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
10. 
Issue Price: 
[[Up to] [ ] per cent. of the [Issue 
Size]/[Specified 
Denomination]/[Notional 
Amount] [plus accrued interest from []]] / 
[[Up to] [ ] per Certificate [plus accrued 
interest from []]] 
11. 
Issue Date: 
[] 
12. 
Redemption Date: 
[]/[[] Business Days following the [Final 
Fixing Date]/[later of (a) the Final Fixing 
Date and (b) the Settlement FX Fixing 
Date][(or if such date falls on different dates 
for different Underlyings, the latest of such 
dates to occur)]]/[Insert for Open Ended 
Tracker Products: As specified in item 30 
(Tracker Products) below] 
13. 
TCM Secured Product: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Only SIX SIS Securities can be TCM Secured 
Products. Not Applicable for Products that 
are not SIX SIS Securities) 
14. 
Interest Record Date: 
[[] Business Days prior to [the scheduled 
payment date for the relevant interest 
amount]/[the first day on which the Product 
is quoted without the entitlement to the 
payment 
of 
the 
relevant 
interest 
amount]]/[Not Applicable] 
15. 
FX Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable please delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Currency: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
16. 
CNY FX Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable please delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
CNY Financial Centre(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 366 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
365 
 
 
- 
Specified Currency: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
17. 
Unwind Costs: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable]  
18. 
Settlement Expenses: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable]  
19. 
US Tax Selling Restriction: 
[TEFRA C]/[TEFRA D]/[Not Applicable]  
20. 
Section 871(m) Withholding Tax: 
[The Issuer has determined (without regard to 
any other transactions) that payments on the 
Products should not be subject to US 
withholding tax under 871(m)] / [The Issuer 
has determined that payments on the Products 
are subject to US withholding tax under 
section 871(m)1] / [Not Applicable]  
Provisions relating to Payouts 
21. 
Partial Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Partial Redemption Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[As specified in the table 
below] 
 
- 
Partial Redemption Amount(s): 
[In respect of [each Partial Redemption 
Date]/[the 
Partial 
Redemption 
Date 
scheduled to fall on []], []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Partial 
Redemption Date)] / 
[As specified in the table below: 
Partial 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
Partial 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[] 
[] 
(Repeat as 
necessary) 
(Repeat as 
necessary) 
] 
22. 
Payout Style: 
[Yield Enhancement Products]/[Twin Win 
Products]/[Fixed 
Redemption 
Products]/[Protection 
Products]/[Bonus 
Products]/[Reverse 
Convertible 
Product]/[Barrier 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Products]/[Dual Currency Product]/[Tracker 
Product]/[Discount 
Product]/[Leverage 
Product]/[Outperformance 
Product]/[Long/Short 
Product]/[Dispersion 
Products]/[Steepener Product] 
 
1  
If Euroclear Sweden registered Products are issued, Section 871(m) Withholding Tax must be "The Issuer has determined (without regard 
to any other transactions) that payments on the Products should not be subject to US withholding tax under 871(m)" or "Not Applicable".

--- Page 367 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
366 
 
23. 
Yield Enhancement Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Yield Enhancement Product Style: 
[European Barrier]/[European Barrier with 
Return]/[European 
Barrier 
with 
Protection]/[European Barrier with Optimal 
Tracker]/[European Barrier with Inverse 
Participation]/[European Barrier with Inverse 
Participation and High Strike]/[European 
Barrier 
with 
Increased 
Downside 
Risk]/[American Barrier]/[American Barrier 
with 
Return]/[American 
Barrier 
with 
Protection]/[American Barrier with Inverse 
Participation]/[American 
Barrier 
with 
Inverse 
Participation 
and 
High 
Strike]/[American Barrier with Increased 
Downside Risk]/[Without Barrier]/[Without 
Barrier (Inverse) with High Strike]/[Without 
Barrier 
with 
Downside 
Participation]/[Stability Note] 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
FX Performance: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph if Not Applicable) 
 
 
[- 
FX Rate (Initial) 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [●]

--- Page 368 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
367 
 
[on the Initial Fixing Date [of such 
Underlying]]. 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
 
- 
Price Source: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], for 
the purposes of determining the FX Rate, [
]. 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
 
FX Rate Valuation Time: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], for 
the purposes of determining the FX Rate, [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)] 
 
(g) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Multiple Coupon Sets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[In respect of "Coupon Payment Date Set [
]":] [], [] and [] (Repeat as necessary for 
each Set of Coupon Payment Dates (the first 
set being 'Coupon Payment Date Set 1'))]/[[In 
respect of each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates, each][Each] date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the 
Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
 
(iii) 
Conditional Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set [] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates)]]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Conditional Coupon 
Style: 
[In respect of Coupon Payment Date Set [
]][Specified Conditional Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon]/[Layered 
Memory 
Coupon]/[Layered Coupon]  
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(B) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date [in Coupon Payment Date Set [ ]], 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]]/[In respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date [in a Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates], [the]/[each] rate specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Rate' in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below]

--- Page 369 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
368 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(C) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date [in Coupon 
Payment Date Set []] [each of [], [] and [
]]/[]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying 
and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date [in a Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates], each date 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(D) 
Coupon 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[ ]] and [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
and each Set of Coupon Payment Dates) 
 
(E) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the Coupon 
Trigger Level on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of all Underlyings [excluding the Target One 
Underlying]] 
[are]/[is] 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[their 
respective] Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level 
on the relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(F) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[]], [Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to 
a minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum

--- Page 370 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
369 
 
of [] per cent.]] of the [Strike Level]/[Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level] [of such Underlying]] 
(If the Conditional Coupon Style is specified 
as Layered Memory Coupon or Layered 
Coupon, repeat as necessary for each 
Coupon Trigger Level) 
(Repeat as necessary for Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
a Coupon Observation Date [corresponding 
to a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], 
[the]/[each] 
percentage 
of 
the 
[Strike 
Level]/[Initial Fixing [Basket] Level] as 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Trigger [Basket] Level' in the row[s] 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table [for such 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
 
(iv) 
Daily Range Accrual 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set [] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates)]]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date [in Coupon Payment Date Set [ ]], 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]]/[In respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date [in a Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates], [the]/[each] rate specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Rate' in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(B) 
Coupon  
Observation Period(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable. [Each of the 
following: 
[From, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] [ ] to, [and including]/[but 
excluding] []] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Coupon Observation Period)]/[Each period 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Observation Period(s)' in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below]] 
 
(C) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[ ]] and [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery

--- Page 371 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
370 
 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
and each Set of Coupon Payment Dates) 
 
(D) 
Daily Range Accrual 
Coupon Trigger Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the 
Lower 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Level 
[AND 
[below]/[at or below] the Upper Coupon 
Trigger Level] on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []: Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of all Underlyings [excluding the Target One 
Underlying]] [are]/[is] [above]/[at or above] 
[the]/[their 
respective] 
Lower 
Coupon 
Trigger [Basket] Level [AND [below]/[at or 
below] [the]/[their respective] Upper Coupon 
Trigger [Basket] Level] on the relevant 
Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(E) 
Lower Coupon Trigger 
[Basket] Level: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of all Underlyings [excluding the Target One 
Underlying]] [are]/[is] [above]/[at or above] 
[the]/[their 
respective] 
Lower 
Coupon 
Trigger [Basket] Level [AND [below]/[at or 
below] [the]/[their respective] Upper Coupon 
Trigger [Basket] Level] on the relevant 
Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
a Coupon Observation Date [corresponding 
to a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], 
[the]/[each] 
percentage 
of 
the 
[Strike 
Level]/[Initial Fixing [Basket] Level] as 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Trigger [Basket] Level' in the row[s] 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table [for such 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
 
(F) 
Upper Coupon Trigger 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[]], [Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to

--- Page 372 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
371 
 
a minimum of []] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [] per cent.]] of the [Strike Level]/[Initial 
Fixing 
[Basket] 
Level] 
[of 
such 
Underlying]][Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
a Coupon Observation Date [corresponding 
to a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], 
[the]/[each] 
percentage 
of 
the 
[Strike 
Level]/[Initial Fixing [Basket] Level] as 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Trigger [Basket] Level' in the row[s] 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table [for such 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date [in Coupon Payment Date Set []], [
]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date 
[falling in a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], 
the amount set forth in the column entitled 
'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount(s)' in 
the same row as such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table [for Coupon Payment Date Set []]*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns: 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 'Coupon Trigger Level', 
'Coupon Trigger Basket Level' or 'Coupon Rate'. Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates) 
 
(h) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall Redemption 
Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption

--- Page 373 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
372 
 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below]/[Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount 
plus 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount]/[High 
Watermark Autocallable] 
(Delete the two sub-paragraphs immediately 
below unless 'Fixed Autocall Redemption 
Amount plus Autocall Coupon Amount' is 
specified) 
 
[- 
Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Fixed 
Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below] 
 
- 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Coupon Amount(s)' in the row corresponding 
to such Autocall Redemption Date in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below]] 
 
(Delete the below sub-paragraph unless 'High Watermark Autocallable' is specified) 
 
[- 
Minimum 
Early 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an [Autocall 
Observation Date]/[Autocall Observation 
Period], the date set forth in column entitled 
'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying [each of 
[], [] and []]/[]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Observation 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable. [Each of the 
following: 
[From, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] [ ] to, [and including]/[but 
excluding] []] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Autocall Observation Period)]/[Each period 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Observation Period(s)' in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below]] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the Autocall

--- Page 374 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
373 
 
[Trigger Level on the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date]/[in respect of any Autocall 
Period Observation Date falling in the 
relevant Autocall Observation Period]] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of all Underlyings [excluding the Target One 
Underlying]] 
[are]/[is] 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[their 
respective] Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level 
[on the relevant Autocall Observation 
Date]/[in respect of any Common Autocall 
Period Observation Date falling in the 
relevant Autocall Observation Period]] 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each [Autocall Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Period Observation Date] 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] 
on 
such 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Period Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vii) 
Autocall Trigger [Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each [Autocall Observation Date]/[Autocall 
Observation Period], [Indicatively, ][] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
[Strike Level]/Initial Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of 
such 
Underlying]]/[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] Underlying[s] and an [Autocall 
Observation Date]/[Autocall Observation 
Period], the percentage of the [Strike 
Level]/[Initial Fixing [Basket] Level] as 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Trigger 
[Basket] 
Level' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such [Autocall Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Observation Period]] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation [Date]/[Period](s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption 
Amount', 'Autocall Trigger Basket Amount', 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall 
Coupon Amount')

--- Page 375 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
374 
 
 
(i) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert 
for 
American 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products: [Barrier Fixing 
[Basket] Level [of [the Underlying[s]]/[at 
least one Underlying] [excluding the Target 
One 
Underlying]] 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[its]/[its 
respective] Barrier [Basket] Level on any 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date 
[for 
such 
Underlying] 
falling 
in 
the 
Barrier 
Observation Period]]/[Multichance Barrier 
Event]  
[Insert 
for 
European 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement 
Products: 
[Final 
Fixing 
[Basket] Level of [the Underlying[s]]/[at 
least one Underlying [excluding the Target 
One 
Underlying]] 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[its]/[its 
respective] Barrier [Basket] Level] [and none 
of the Underlyings are [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its respective 
Target Level]]/[Multichance Barrier Event] 
[Insert for Yield Enhancement Without 
Barrier Products: Not Applicable] 
[Insert for Stability Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: Stability Performance Level is 
[below]/[at or below] the Stability Disruption 
Barrier 
Percentage 
on 
any 
Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period 
 
(Delete the remaining two sub-paragraphs of this paragraph unless Barrier Event is specified 
as 'Multichance Barrier Event') 
 
[- 
Multichance Barrier 
Event: 
[Insert 
for 
American 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products: [In respect of any 
Barrier Observation Date falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period, the Barrier 
Fixing Level of a number of Underlyings at 
least equal to the Specified Multichance 
Barrier 
Number 
of 
Underlyings 
are 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
their respective Barrier Levels]/[If the 
number of Underlyings in respect of which 
the Barrier Fixing Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date in the Barrier Observation 
Period 
has 
been 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respect 
Barrier Levels is at least equal to the 
Specified Multichance Barrier Number of 
Underlyings]]  
[Insert 
for 
European 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products: Final Fixing Level of 
a number of Underlyings at least equal to the 
Specified Multichance Barrier Number of 
Underlyings 
are 
[above]/[at 
or

--- Page 376 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
375 
 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respective 
Barrier Levels] 
 
- 
Specified 
Multichance Barrier 
Number 
of 
Underlyings: 
[Insert a number greater than 1 and less than 
the total number of Underlyings in the 
basket]] 
 
(Delete the remaining three sub-paragraphs of this paragraph for European Barrier Yield 
Enhancement Products or Yield Enhancement Without Barrier Products) 
 
[- 
Barrier Fixing Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange Trading Day]/[Reference 
Market Business Day]/[Business Day] falling 
in the Barrier Observation Period  
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(ii) 
[Barrier 
[Basket] 
Level]/[Insert for Stability 
Note 
Yield 
Enhancement 
Products: 
Stability 
Disruption 
Barrier 
Percentage]: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of such Underlying] 
[Insert for Yield Enhancement Without 
Barrier Products: Not Applicable] 
[Insert for Stability Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: [Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level is required for Autocall Trigger Basket 
Level, Barrier Basket Level, Coupon Trigger 
Basket Level, Final Performance, Strike 
Basket Level or Twin Win Event)

--- Page 377 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
376 
 
 
(iv) 
Target Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert 
for 
American 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
or 
Yield 
Enhancement Without Barrier Products that 
are linked to a single Underlying: Final 
Fixing 
Level 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the [Strike 
Barrier Level]] 
[Insert 
for 
American 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
or 
Yield 
Enhancement Without Barrier Products that 
are linked to a basket of Underlyings: Final 
Fixing [Basket] Level [of the [Worst] [Best] 
Performing Underlying] [excluding the 
Target One Underlying] is [below]/[at or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[its 
respective] Strike Barrier [Basket] Level] 
[Insert 
for 
European 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products: Not Applicable – 
Products 
are 
European 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products] 
[Insert for Stability Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: Not Applicable – Products are 
Stability Note Yield Enhancement Products] 
 
[- 
Strike 
Barrier 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level of 
such Underlying]/[the Initial Fixing Level of 
such Underlying]/[the Strike Level of such 
Underlying]] 
[[[Indicatively, [[] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level]/[The Initial Fixing Basket Level]/[The 
Strike Basket Level]] 
(If not required for definition of Strike Event 
delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
(vi) 
Final Performance: 
[Final Fixing [Basket] Level divided by the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level]/[Final Fixing 
[Basket] Level divided by the Strike [Basket] 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level ([Worst]/[Best]) 
divided 
by 
the 
Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best])]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best]) divided by the Strike Level 
([Worst]/[Best])]  
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 378 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
377 
 
 
(vii) 
Final Return: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: (Final Fixing Level – Strike 
Level)/Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – 
Strike Level (Worst))/Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[(Initial Fixing Level (Best) – Strike 
Level (Best))/Initial Fixing Level (Best)] 
[Insert for Products other than European 
Barrier with Return, American Barrier with 
Return and Without Barrier with Downside 
Participation: Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Strike [Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of such Underlying]]] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Lock-In Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Lock-In Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Lock-In Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Lock-In 
Barrier Level on the relevant Lock-In 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [A Common Lock-In Event has 
occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation 
Date. Where "Common Lock-In Event" 
means the Lock-In Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings 
are 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respective 
Lock-In Barrier Level on the relevant Lock-
In Observation Date.]/[A Single Lock-In 
Event has occurred in respect of each 
Underlying]. Where "Single Lock-In Event" 
means the Lock-In Fixing Level of an 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its respective 
Lock-In Barrier Level on any Lock-In 
Observation Date.] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Lock-In Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [
], [] and [] 
 
- 
Lock-In Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average

--- Page 379 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
378 
 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying] 
 
(x) 
Target One Event 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Target 
One 
Underlying: 
[Insert 
name 
of 
Underlying]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
- 
Target One Event: 
[Final Fixing Level of the Target One 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Target One 
Barrier Level] 
[Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying 
is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
its respective Target One Barrier Level] 
[Target One Fixing Level of the Target One 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Target One 
Barrier Level] 
[Target One Fixing Level of at least one 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its respective 
Target One Barrier Level] 
 
 
(Delete following 3 sub-paragraphs if Not 
Applicable or if not required for the definition 
of Target One Event) 
 
[- 
Target One Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Target One Barrier 
Observation Date and [Insert name of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] 
on 
such 
Target 
One 
Barrier 
Observation Date]

--- Page 380 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
379 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Target One Barrier 
Observation Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange Trading Day]/[Reference 
Market Business Day]/[Business Day] falling 
in the Target One Barrier Observation Period 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Target One Barrier 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
- 
Target One Barrier 
Level: 
In 
respect 
of 
[the 
Target 
One 
Underlying]/[Insert the name of the relevant 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level of 
such Target One Underlying] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(xi) 
Participation Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Protection Percentage: 
[Applicable,][Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Downside Participation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Always Applicable for European Barrier 
with Return, American Barrier with Return 
and 
Without 
Barrier 
with 
Downside 
Participation and an option for European 
Barrier with Inverse Participation) 
(If Not Applicable delete the below sub-
paragraph) 
 
- 
Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(xiv) 
Final Redemption 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only Applicable for European Barrier with 
Increased Downside Risk, European Barrier 
with Return and American Barrier with 
Increased Downside Risk) 
 
(xv) 
Target Level: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 381 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
380 
 
 
(xvi) 
Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date: 
[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [
], [] and []/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Inverse Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(xviii) Strike Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Cap Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
X: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Leverage Factor: 
[Indicatively, ][] [, subject to a minimum of 
[ ] [and a maximum of [ ]]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Y: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable 
- 
the 
Settlement Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not 
applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The 
Worst Performing Underlying]/[The Best 
Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bullish Products]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in 
the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]]]

--- Page 382 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
381 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement 
Initial Level delete this sub-paragraph and 
the following sub-paragraphs as required for 
the definition of Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]  
 
[ 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked 
to a basket of Underlyings and at least one 
(but not all) Underlyings are denominated in 
the Settlement Currency:, provided that in 
respect of [Insert each Underlying that is 
denominated in the Settlement Currency: [], 
[] and [] the Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 
(one).] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Issue 
Terms 
or 
if 
the 
currency 
of 
denomination of the Delivery Underlying is 
the Settlement Currency. If the Delivery 
Underlying is 'Worst Performing Underlying' 
or 'Best Performing Underlying' and at least 
one underlying is denominated in a currency 
other than the Settlement Currency, this 
should be 'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs)

--- Page 383 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
382 
 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
24. 
Twin Win Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Twin Win Product Style: 
[European 
Barrier 
(Bullish)]/[European 
Barrier 
(Bearish)]/[American 
Barrier 
(Bullish)]/[American Barrier (Bearish)] 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement [or Cash Settlement]] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] [per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Conditional 
Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 384 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
383 
 
 
(A) 
Conditional Coupon 
Style: 
[Specified Conditional Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon] 
 
(B) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date, [Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to 
a minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [] per cent.]]]/[In respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date, the rate specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Rate' in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(C) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in 
the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(D) 
Coupon Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date [each of [], 
[] and []]/[]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment 
Date, each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(E) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(F) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the Coupon 
Trigger Level on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of all Underlyings] [is]/[are] [below]/[at or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[their 
respective] Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level 
on the relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
 
(G) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of such Underlying]]

--- Page 385 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
384 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
a Coupon Observation Date, the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level as 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] 
Level' 
in 
the 
rows 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in 
the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(B) 
Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date, []]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment 
Date, the amount set forth in the column 
entitled 
'Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Amount(s)' in the same row as such Coupon 
Payment Date in the Coupon Payment Table 
below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns: 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 'Coupon 
Trigger Level', "Coupon Trigger Basket Level" or 'Coupon Rate') 
 
(g) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below]/[Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount 
plus Autocall Coupon Amount] (Delete 
remaining sub-paragraphs unless 'Fixed 
Autocall Redemption Amount plus Autocall 
Coupon Amount' is specified) 
 
- 
Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each]Autocall 
Redemption Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Fixed 
Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below]

--- Page 386 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
385 
 
 
- 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Coupon Amount(s)' in the row corresponding 
to such Autocall Redemption Date in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying, [ 
]/[each of [], [] and []]]/[In respect of 
[an]/[the] Underlying each date specified in 
the column entitled 'Autocall Observation 
Date(s)' in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the Autocall 
Trigger Level on the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of all Underlyings] [are]/[is] [below]/[at or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[their 
respective] Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level 
on the relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger [Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of such Underlying]]/[In respect of 
[the]/[each] Underlying[s] and an Autocall 
Observation Date, the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level as specified in 
the 
column 
entitled 
'Autocall 
Trigger

--- Page 387 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
386 
 
[Basket] Level' in the row corresponding to 
such Autocall Observation Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Trigger Basket 
Level', 'Autocall Redemption Amount', 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall 
Coupon Amount') 
 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if American Barrier Twin Win 
Products: Barrier Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
[the 
Underlying[s]]/[at 
least 
one 
Underlying]] 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[its]/[its 
respective] Barrier [Basket] Level on any 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date 
[for 
such 
Underlying] 
falling 
in 
the 
Barrier 
Observation Period] 
[Insert if European Barrier Twin Win 
Products:  Final Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
[the 
Underlying[s]]/[at 
least 
one 
Underlying]] 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[its 
respective] Barrier [Basket] Level] (If 
Product is a European Barrier Twin Win 
Product 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier Fixing Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange Trading Day]/[Reference 
Market Business Day]/[Business Day] falling 
in the Barrier Observation Period 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 388 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
387 
 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of such Underlying] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level is required for Autocall Basket 
Performance, Autocall Trigger Basket Level, 
Barrier Basket Level, Coupon Trigger Basket 
Level, Final Performance, Strike Basket 
Level or Strike Barrier Basket Level) 
 
(iv) 
Twin Win Event: 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [below]/[at 
or below] the Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a basket 
of Underlyings: Final Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of 
[at 
least 
one 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlyings]/[the [Worst]/[Best] Performing 
Underlying]] is [below]/[at or below] 
[the]/[its respective] Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level] 
 
- 
Twin 
Win 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(v) 
Final Performance: 
[Final Fixing [Basket] Level divided by the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level]/[Final Fixing 
[Basket] Level divided by the Strike [Basket] 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level ([Worst]/[Best]) 
divided 
by 
the 
Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best])]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best]) divided by the Strike Level 
([Worst]/[Best])] 
 
[- 
Strike [Basket] Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of such Underlying]] (If not required 
for definition of Final Performance delete 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
(v) 
Inverse Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable for all Products other than 
European Barrier (Bearish) and American 
Barrier (Bearish)) 
 
(vi) 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 389 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
388 
 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Cap Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(vii) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floor Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(i) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable 
- 
the 
Settlement Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not 
applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The 
Worst Performing Underlying]/[The Best 
Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bullish Products]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in 
the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]]]  
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]]

--- Page 390 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
389 
 
(If not required for definition of Settlement 
Initial Level delete this and the following sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[ 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked 
to a basket of Underlyings and at least one 
(but not all) Underlyings are denominated in 
the Settlement Currency:, provided that in 
respect of [Insert each Underlying that is 
denominated in the Settlement Currency: [], 
[] and [] the Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 
(one).] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Issue 
Terms 
or 
if 
the 
currency 
of 
denomination of the Delivery Underlying is 
the Settlement Currency. If the Delivery 
Underlying is 'Worst Performing Underlying' 
or 'Best Performing Underlying' and at least 
one underlying is denominated in a currency 
other than the Settlement Currency, this 
should be 'Applicable') 
 
 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 391 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
390 
 
25. 
Fixed Redemption Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(c) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[Specified Conditional Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date, [Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to 
a minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [] per cent.]]]/[In respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date, the rate specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Rate' in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Payment Dates: 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in 
the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon Observation Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date []/[each of [
], [] and []]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment 
Date, each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(v) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share]

--- Page 392 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
391 
 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Coupon Trigger Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the 
Coupon Trigger Level on the relevant 
Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Coupon Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level on the 
relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
 
(vii) 
Coupon Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]] 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and a 
Coupon Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Trigger Level' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Coupon Trigger Level' or 'Coupon Rate') 
 
(d) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[each]/[the] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below]

--- Page 393 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
392 
 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying, [ 
]/[each of [], [] and []]]/[In respect of 
[an]/[the] Underlying each date specified in 
the column entitled 'Autocall Observation 
Date(s)' in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the 
Autocall Trigger Level on the relevant 
Autocall Observation Date] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level on the 
relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]]/[In respect of [the]/[each] 
Underlying and an Autocall Observation 
Date, the percentage of the Initial Fixing 
Level as specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall 
Trigger 
Level' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate)

--- Page 394 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
393 
 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level' or 'Autocall Redemption 
Amount') 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Protection Percentage: 
[] per cent. 
26. 
Protection Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Protection Product Style: 
[Protection with Barrier]/[Protection with 
Twin Win]/[Protection with Twin Win and 
Low Strike]/[Protection with Barrier and 
Strike Event]/[Protection with Barrier and 
Upside Participation]/[Protection without 
Barrier] 
 
(b) 
Product Direction: 
[Bullish]/[Bearish]/[Absolute] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
– 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
– 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
– 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
– 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] [per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[Specified Conditional Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date, [Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to 
a minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [] per cent.]]]/[In respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date, the rate specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Rate' in the row

--- Page 395 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
394 
 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Payment Dates: 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in 
the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon Observation Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date each of [], [
] and [ ]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment 
Date, each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(v) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Coupon Trigger Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying and Product Direction is Bearish 
or Bullish: Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Coupon 
Trigger Level on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is 
Bearish or Bullish: Coupon Fixing Level of 
all 
Underlyings 
are 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respective 
Coupon Trigger Level on the relevant 
Coupon Observation Date] 
 
(vii) 
Coupon Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and a 
Coupon Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Trigger Level' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon

--- Page 396 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
395 
 
Observation Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Coupon Trigger Level' or 'Coupon Rate') 
 
(g) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption 
Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the 
column 
entitled 
'Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Redemption Date in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [
], [ ] and [ ]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying and Product Direction is Bearish 
or Bullish: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Autocall 
Trigger Level on the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is 
Bearish or Bullish: Autocall Fixing Level of 
all 
Underlyings 
are 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respective 
Autocall Trigger Level on the relevant 
Autocall Observation Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity

--- Page 397 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
396 
 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]]/[In respect of [the]/[each] 
Underlying and an Autocall Observation 
Date, the percentage of the Initial Fixing 
Level as specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall 
Trigger 
Level' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date(s) 
 
[] 
(insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level' or 'Autocall Redemption 
Amount') 
 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if Product is linked to a single 
Underlying and Product Direction is Bearish 
or Bullish: [Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Barrier 
Level]/[Barrier 
Fixing 
Level 
of 
the 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Barrier 
Level on any Barrier Observation Date 
falling in the Barrier Observation Period]] 
[Insert if Product is linked to a single 
Underlying 
and 
Product 
Direction 
is 
Absolute: [Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [[above]/[at or above] the 
Upper Barrier Level] or [[below]/[at or 
below] the Lower Barrier Level]]] / [Barrier 
Fixing Level of the Underlying is [[above]/[at 
or above] the Upper Barrier Level] or 
[[below]/[at or below] the Lower Barrier 
Level]] on any Barrier Observation Date 
falling in the Barrier Observation Period] 
[Insert if Product is linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is 
Bearish or Bullish: [Final Fixing Basket 
Level is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or 
below] the Barrier Basket Level]/[Final 
Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] its

--- Page 398 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
397 
 
respective Barrier Level]/[Final Fixing Level 
of the Best Performing Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below] its respective Barrier 
Level]/[Barrier Fixing Basket Level is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period]/[Barrier Fixing Level of 
at least one Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its respective 
Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation 
Date falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period] 
[Insert if Product is linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is 
Absolute: [Final Fixing Basket Level of the 
[Worst]/[Best] Performing Underlying is 
[[above]/[at or above] the Upper Barrier 
Basket Level] or [[below]/[at or below] the 
Lower Barrier Basket Level]] / [Barrier 
Fixing Basket Level is [[above]/[at or above] 
the 
Upper 
Barrier 
Basket 
Level] 
or 
[[below]/[at or below] the Lower Barrier 
Basket Level] on any Barrier Observation 
Date falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period] / [Barrier Fixing Level of at least one 
Underlying is [[above]/[at or above] its 
respective 
Upper 
Barrier 
Level] 
or 
[[below]/[at or below] its respective Lower 
Barrier Level]] on any Barrier Observation 
Date for such Underlying falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period 
[Not Applicable] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs if Not 
Applicable or if not required for the definition 
of Barrier Event) 
 
- 
Barrier Fixing Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of

--- Page 399 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
398 
 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of such Underlying]] 
[Insert for Protection Without Barrier 
Products: Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Lower Barrier Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]  
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or 
Bullish and for Protection Without Barrier 
Products: Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Upper Barrier Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]  
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or 
Bullish and for Protection Without Barrier 
Products: Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for the 
definition of Barrier Event, a Twin Win 
Event, a Strike Event or for the definition of 
Final Performance) 
 
(vi) 
Strike Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
maximum of [] per cent. [and a minimum of 
[ ] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] (Only 
applicable if required for Products linked to 
a weighted basket) 
 
(vii) 
Protection Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
maximum of [] per cent. [and a minimum of 
[] per cent.] 
 
(viii) 
Participation Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable for Protection with Twin Win 
Products) 
 
(ix) 
Final Return: 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' or 
'Absolute' and Product is linked to a single 
Underlying: [(Final Fixing Level – Initial 
Fixing Level)/Initial Fixing Level]/[(Final 
Fixing Level – Strike Level)/Initial Fixing 
Level]/[(Final 
Fixing 
Level 
– 
Strike 
Level)/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Initial Fixing 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) –

--- Page 400 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
399 
 
Strike Level (Worst))/Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – 
Strike 
Level 
(Worst))/Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Basket Return]/[Final Basket 
Return (Strike)] 
[Insert if Product Direction is Absolute and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Initial Fixing 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – 
Strike Level (Worst))/Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – 
Strike 
Level 
(Worst))/Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Best) – Initial 
Fixing Level (Best))/Initial Fixing Level 
(Best)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Best) – Strike 
Level 
(Best))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Best)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Best) – Strike 
Level (Best))/Strike Level (Best)]/[Final 
Basket Return]/[Final Basket Return (Strike)] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a single Underlying: [IP 
– 
(Final 
Fixing 
Level/Initial 
Fixing 
Level)]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level/Strike 
Level)]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[IP – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing 
Level (Best))]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Strike Level (Best))]/[Bearish Final 
Basket Return]/[Bearish Final Basket Return 
(Strike)]] 
[Insert for Protection with Twin Win and Low 
Strike Products: Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Inverse Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
(If not required for definition of Final Return 
delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday

--- Page 401 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
400 
 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Final Return 
delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
- 
Final Return Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Final 
Return 
Cap 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Twin Win Event: 
[Insert for Protection with Twin Win Product 
that is linked to a single Underlying: Final 
Fixing Level is [above]/[at or above] Initial 
Fixing Level] 
[Insert for Protection with Twin Win Product 
that is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[Final Fixing Basket Level is [above]/[at or 
above] Initial Fixing Basket Level]/[Final 
Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] its 
respective Initial Fixing Level]/[ Final Fixing 
Level of the Best Performing Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] its respective Initial 
Fixing Level] 
[Insert unless Product is a Protection with 
Twin Win Product: Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 402 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
401 
 
 
- 
Inverse Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(xi) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or 
Bullish and for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [above]/[at 
or above]/[below]/[at or below] its Strike 
Barrier Level] 
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or 
Bullish and for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [Final Fixing Basket Level is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
the Strike Barrier Basket Level]/[Final 
Basket 
Return 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Strike 
Barrier Amount]/[Final Fixing Level of the 
[Worst Performing Underlying is [above]/[at 
or above] its Strike Barrier Level]/[Best 
Performing Underlying is [below]/[at or 
below] its Strike Barrier Level]] 
[Insert for all Products other than 'Protection 
with 
Barrier 
and 
Strike 
Event' 
and 
'Protection without Barrier': Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Strike 
Barrier 
[[Basket] 
Level]/[Amount]: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level of 
such Underlying] 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level] 
[[Indicatively, ][][, subject to a minimum of 
[][and a maximum of []]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is Absolute: Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Rebate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Rebate 
Coupon 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(xiii) 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 403 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
402 
 
 
- 
Cap Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(xiv) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floor Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
27. 
Bonus Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Bonus Product Style: 
[European Barrier]/[European Barrier with 
Upside Participation]/[European Barrier with 
Downside Participation]/[European Barrier 
with Bonus Cap]/[American Barrier with 
Upside 
Participation 
and 
Normal 
Performance 
Participation]/[American 
Barrier with Upside Participation]/[American 
Barrier with Upside Participation and 
Downside Participation]/[American Barrier 
with Bonus Cap]/[American Barrier with 
Upside Cap and Downside Cap] 
 
(b) 
Product Direction: 
[Bullish]/[Bearish] 
 
(c) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement] 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(f) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] [per cent.]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 404 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
403 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(g) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Multiple Coupon Sets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[In respect of "Coupon Payment Date Set [
]":] [], [] and [] (Repeat as necessary for 
each Set of Coupon Payment Dates (the first 
set being 'Coupon Payment Date Set 1'))]/[[In 
respect of each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates, each][Each] date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the 
Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
 
(iii) 
Conditional 
Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set [] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates)]]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Conditional Coupon 
Style: 
[In respect of Coupon Payment Date Set [
]][Specified Conditional Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon]/[Layered 
Memory 
Coupon]/[Layered Coupon] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(B) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date [in Coupon Payment Date Set [ ]], 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]]/[In respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date [in a Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates], [the]/[each] rate specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Rate' in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(C) 
Coupon Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date [in Coupon 
Payment Date Set []] [each of [], [] and [
]]/[]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying 
and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date [in a Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates], each date 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below]

--- Page 405 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
404 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(D) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[ ]] and [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
and each Set of Coupon Payment Dates) 
 
(E) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the Coupon 
Trigger Level on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of all Underlyings] [are]/[is] [below]/[at or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[their 
respective] Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level 
on the relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(F) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[]], [Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to 
a minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [ ] per cent.]] of the [[Initial Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level] 
of 
such 
Underlying]/[Initial Fixing Basket Level] 
(If the Conditional Coupon Style is specified 
as Layered Memory Coupon or Layered 
Coupon, repeat as necessary for each 
Coupon Trigger Level) 
(Repeat as necessary for Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
a Coupon Observation Date [corresponding 
to a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], 
[the]/[each] 
percentage 
of 
the 
[Strike 
Level]/[Initial Fixing [Basket] Level] as 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon

--- Page 406 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
405 
 
Trigger [Basket] Level' in the row[s] 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table [for such 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Coupon 
Trigger Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 407 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
406 
 
 
(A) 
Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date [in Coupon Payment Date Set []], [
]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date 
[falling in a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], 
the amount set forth in the column entitled 
'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount(s)' in 
the same row as such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table [for Coupon Payment Date Set []]*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns: 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 'Coupon 
Trigger Level', 'Coupon Trigger Basket Level' or 'Coupon Rate'. Repeat as necessary for each 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates) 
 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert for American Barrier Bonus Products: 
[Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] 
the Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation 
Date 
in 
the 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period]/[Barrier Fixing [Basket] Level [of at 
least one Underlying] is [below]/[at or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[its 
respective]/[the] Barrier [Basket] Level on 
any Barrier Observation Date in the Barrier 
Observation Period] 
[Insert 
for 
European 
Barrier 
Bonus 
Products: [Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the Barrier 
Level]/[Final Fixing [Basket] Level [of at 
least one Underlying] is [below]/[at or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[its 
respective]/[the] Barrier [Basket] Level]] (If 
Products are European Barrier Bonus 
Products 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Barrier Fixing Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen

--- Page 408 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
407 
 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange Trading Day]/[Reference 
Market Business Day]/[Business Day] falling 
in the Barrier Observation Period 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for the 
definition of Barrier Basket Level, Bonus 
Basket Level, Final Performance) 
 
(iv) 
Bonus Event: 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [above]/[at 
or above]/[below]/[at or below] the Bonus 
Level] 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a basket 
of Underlyings unless the Bonus Product 
Style is European Barrier with Bonus Cap or 
American Barrier with Bonus Cap: [Final 
Fixing Level of the [Worst Performing 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]]/[Best 
Performing Underlying is [below]/[at or 
below] its respective Bonus Level]/[Final 
Fixing Basket Level is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Bonus 
Basket Level]] 
[Insert if the Bonus Product Style is European 
Barrier with Bonus Cap or American Barrier 
with Bonus Cap: Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Bonus 
[Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of such Underlying]]

--- Page 409 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
408 
 
 
(v) 
Bonus Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(vi) 
Final Performance: 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level/Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)/Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)/Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial 
Fixing Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Strike Basket Level]/[Final Fixing 
Level 
(Best)/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Best)]/[Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike 
Level (Best)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[IP – (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing 
Level)]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level/Strike 
Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [IP – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Initial Fixing Level (Best))]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike Level 
(Best))]/[IP 
– 
(Final 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket 
Level)]/[Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial 
Fixing Level (Best)]/[Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Strike Level (Best)]] 
[Insert for all Products other than [American 
Barrier with Upside Participation and 
Normal 
Performance 
Participation], 
American Barrier with Upside Participation 
and Downside Participation or American 
Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside Cap: 
Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Final 
Performance 
(Downside): 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level/Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)/Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)/Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial 
Fixing Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Strike Basket Level]]

--- Page 410 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
409 
 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[IP – (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing 
Level)]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level/Strike 
Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [IP – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Initial Fixing Level (Best))]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike Level 
(Best))]/[IP 
– 
(Final 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket 
Level)]] 
 
(viii) 
Final Performance (Upside): 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level/Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Best)/Initial Fixing Level (Best)]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)/Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial 
Fixing Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Strike Basket Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[IP – (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing 
Level)]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level/Strike 
Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [IP – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Initial Fixing Level (Best))]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike Level 
(Best))]/[IP 
– 
(Final 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket 
Level)]] 
[Insert for European Barrier with Bonus Cap 
and American Barrier with Bonus Cap: Not 
Applicable] 
 
[- 
Inverse Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph if not required for 
the definition of Final Performance, Final 
Performance 
(Downside) 
or 
Final 
Performance (Upside))

--- Page 411 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
410 
 
 
(ix) 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Upside 
Cap 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]] 
 
(x) 
Outperformance Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Outperformance 
Upside 
Cap 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]] 
 
(xi) 
Normal Performance Upside 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Normal Performance 
Upside 
Cap 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]] 
 
(xii) 
Upside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
European Barrier with Upside Participation, 
American Barrier with Upside Participation, 
American Barrier with Upside Participation 
and Downside Participation or American 
Barrier with Bonus Cap) 
 
(xiii) 
Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] (Not 
Applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
European 
Barrier 
with 
Downside 
Participation or American Barrier with 
Upside 
Participation 
and 
Downside 
Participation) 
 
(xiv) 
Outperformance 
Participation Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] (Not 
Applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
American Barrier with Upside Participation) 
 
(xv) 
Normal 
Performance 
Participation Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Bonus Product Style 
is 
American 
Barrier 
with 
Upside 
Participation or American Barrier with 
Upside 
Participation 
and 
Downside 
Participation) 
 
(xvi) 
Cap Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of

--- Page 412 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
411 
 
[ ] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] (Not 
Applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
American Barrier with Upside Cap and 
Downside Cap) 
 
(i) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable 
- 
the 
Settlement Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not 
applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The 
Worst Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bullish Products]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in 
the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]]  
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement 
Initial Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 413 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
412 
 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked 
to a basket of Underlyings and at least one 
(but not all) Underlyings are denominated in 
the Settlement Currency:, provided that in 
respect of [Insert each Underlying that is 
denominated in the Settlement Currency: [], 
[] and [] the Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 
(one).] 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Issue 
Terms 
or 
if 
the 
currency 
of 
denomination of the Delivery Underlying is 
the Settlement Currency. If the Delivery 
Underlying is 'Worst Performing Underlying' 
and at least one underlying is denominated in 
a currency other than the Settlement 
Currency, this should be 'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
[- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]/[Not 
Applicable] (Not applicable if the Conversion 
Ratio is a specified number in the Issue 
Terms) 
28. 
Reverse Convertible Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reverse Convertible Product Style: 
[Single 
Underlying]/[Basket 
of 
Underlyings][Spread Underlying] 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
-
as

--- Page 414 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
413 
 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings or for 
a Spread Underlying) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings or for a Spread 
Underlying) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Coupon Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[Coupon 
Accrual]/[Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Amount] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in 
the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Accrual Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Coupon Style is Coupon Accrual. If Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Coupon Rate: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] per annum 
 
- 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/ 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
Coupon Period: 
As specified in the definition of Coupon 
Period 
in 
Payout 
Condition 
6.2 
- 
[Adjusted]/[Unadjusted] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Coupon Style is Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Amount. If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of each Coupon Payment Date, [
]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the 
amount set forth in column entitled 'Fixed

--- Page 415 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
414 
 
Unconditional Coupon Amount(s)' in the 
same row as such Coupon Payment Date in 
the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(f) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption 
Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the 
column 
entitled 
'Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Redemption Date in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [
], [ ] and [ ]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the 
Autocall Trigger Level on the relevant 
Autocall Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level on the 
relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a Spread 
Underlying: Spread of the Spread Underlying 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
relevant 
Autocall 
Observation Date is [above]/[at or above] the 
Autocall Trigger Level in respect of the 
relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery

--- Page 416 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
415 
 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]]/[In respect of [the]/[each] 
Underlying and an Autocall Observation 
Date, the percentage of the Initial Fixing 
Level as specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall 
Trigger 
Level' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date] 
[In respect of the Spread Underlying and each 
Autocall Observation Date, [Indicatively, ][
][, subject to a minimum of [ ] [and a 
maximum of [ ]]]/[Indicatively, ][ ] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Spread Level]]/[In respect of the 
Spread 
Underlying 
and 
an 
Autocall 
Observation Date, the [amount] [percentage 
of the Initial Spread Level] as specified in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Trigger Level' in 
the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption 
Amount') 
 
(g) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Redemption Determination 
Style: 
[Par Redemption – At or Above OR 
Performance Redemption – Below]/[Par 
Redemption - Above OR Performance 
Redemption – At or Below] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/

--- Page 417 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
416 
 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(h) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable 
- 
the 
Settlement Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not 
applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The 
Worst Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bullish Products]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in 
the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of

--- Page 418 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
417 
 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]]]  
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement 
Initial Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked 
to a basket of Underlyings and at least one 
(but not all) Underlyings are denominated in 
the Settlement Currency:, provided that in 
respect of [Insert each Underlying that is 
denominated in the Settlement Currency: [], 
[] and [] the Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 
(one).] 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Issue 
Terms 
or 
if 
the 
currency 
of 
denomination of the Delivery Underlying is 
the Settlement Currency. If the Delivery 
Underlying is 'Worst Performing Underlying'

--- Page 419 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
418 
 
and at least one underlying is denominated in 
a currency other than the Settlement 
Currency, this should be 'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(i) 
Spread Underlying Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Initial Spread Level: 
[]/[As specified in the Payout Conditions] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying 1: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying 2: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Level: 
In respect of [an Autocall Observation Date] 
[or] [a Final Fixing Date] and an Underlying 
1 or Underlying 2: 
[the Underlying Fixing Level of such 
Underlying on such [Autocall Observation 
Date] [or] [Final Fixing Date]]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:

--- Page 420 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
419 
 
Underlying Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each date) 
 
(v) 
Strike Spread Level: 
[Indicatively, ][][, subject to a minimum of 
[] [and a maximum of []]]/[] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Spread Level]] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Spread Denominator: 
[Indicatively, ][][, subject to a minimum of 
[] [and a maximum of []]]/[] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Spread Level]] 
29. 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style: 
 
[European 
Barrier]/[American 
Barrier]/ 
[European 
Barrier 
and 
Participation]/[American 
Barrier 
and 
Participation]/[Leverage Downside] 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] [per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Coupon Provisions: 
Applicable

--- Page 421 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
420 
 
 
(i) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in 
the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Style: 
[Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Accrual]/[Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Amount] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Accrual Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Accrual. If Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Coupon Rate: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] [per annum] 
 
- 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/ 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
- 
Coupon Period: 
As specified in the definition of Coupon 
Period 
in 
Payout 
Condition 
7.2- 
[Adjusted]/[Unadjusted] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Amount Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount. If Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Specified 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of each Coupon Payment Date, [
]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the 
amount set forth in column entitled 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount(s)' in the 
same row as such Coupon Payment Date in 
the Coupon Payment Table below]] 
 
(v) 
Conditional 
Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Conditional Coupon 
Style: 
[Specified Conditional Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon] 
 
- 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date, [Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to 
a minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [] per cent.]] [per annum]]/[In respect of 
a Coupon Payment Date, each rate specified 
in the column entitled 'Coupon Rate' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below]

--- Page 422 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
421 
 
 
- 
Coupon Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, [each of [], 
[ ] and [ ]][ ]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment 
Date, each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
- 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the 
Coupon Trigger Level on the relevant 
Coupon Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Coupon Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level on the 
relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
 
- 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and a 
Coupon Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Trigger Level' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Specified Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 
'Coupon Trigger Level' or 'Coupon Rate')

--- Page 423 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
422 
 
 
(g) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption 
Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the 
column 
entitled 
'Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Redemption Date in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below]/[Fixed Autocall 
Redemption Amount plus Autocall Coupon 
Amount]/[Autocall Maximum Redemption 
Percentage: Applicable]]  
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs unless 
'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount plus 
Autocall Coupon Amount is specified') 
 
- 
Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption 
Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the 
column entitled 'Fixed Autocall Redemption 
Amount(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Redemption Date in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below] 
 
- 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption 
Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Coupon Amount(s)' 
in the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Redemption Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [
], [ ] and [ ]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the 
Autocall Trigger Level on the relevant 
Autocall Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of all Underlyings] [are]/[is] [above]/[at or 
above] 
[their 
respective]/[the] 
Autocall 
Trigger [Basket] Level on the relevant 
Autocall Observation Date]

--- Page 424 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
423 
 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger [Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of such Underlying]]/[In respect of 
[the]/[each] Underlying and an Autocall 
Observation Date, the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level as specified in 
the 
column 
entitled 
'Autocall 
Trigger 
[Basket] Level' in the row corresponding to 
such Autocall Observation Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption 
Amount', 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall Coupon Amount') 
 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is 'American Barrier' or 
'American Barrier and Participation' or 
'Leverage Downside': Barrier Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of [the Underlying]/[at least one 
Underlying]] is [below]/[at or below] 
[the]/[its respective] Barrier [Basket] Level 
on any Barrier Observation Date [for such 
Underlying] 
falling 
in 
the 
Barrier 
Observation Period]/[Multichance Barrier 
Event]  
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is 'European Barrier': or 
'European Barrier and Participation' Final 
Fixing 
[Basket] 
Level 
[of 
[the 
Underlying]/[at least one Underlying]] is 
[below]/[at or below] [the]/[its respective] 
Barrier [Basket] Level]/[Multichance Barrier 
Event]

--- Page 425 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
424 
 
 
(Delete the following two sub-paragraphs of this paragraph unless Barrier Event is specified 
as 'Multichance Barrier Event') 
 
 
[- 
Multichance Barrier 
Event:-  
[Insert for Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products with American Barrier: [In respect 
of any Barrier Observation Date falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period, the Barrier 
Fixing Level of a number of Underlyings at 
least equal to the Specified Multichance 
Barrier 
Number 
of 
Underlyings 
are 
[below]/[at or below] their respective Barrier 
Levels]/[If the number of Underlyings in 
respect of which the Barrier Fixing Level on 
any Barrier Observation Date in the Barrier 
Observation Period has been [below]/[at or 
below] their respect Barrier Levels is at least 
equal to the Specified Multichance Barrier 
Number of Underlyings]] 
[Insert for Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products with European Barrier: Final 
Fixing Level of a number of Underlyings at 
least equal to the Specified Multichance 
Barrier 
Number 
of 
Underlyings 
are 
below]/[at or below] their respective Barrier 
Levels] 
 
- 
Specified 
Multichance 
Barrier 
Number 
of 
Underlyings: 
[Insert a number greater than 1 and less than 
the total number of Underlyings in the 
basket]] 
 
 
(If Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style is 'European Barrier' or 'European 
Barrier 
and 
Participation' 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Barrier Fixing Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange Trading Day]/[Reference 
Market Business Day]/[Business Day] falling 
in the Barrier Observation Period

--- Page 426 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
425 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of such Underlying] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for the 
definition of Autocall Trigger Basket Level, 
Barrier Basket Level, Final Performance or 
Strike Barrier Basket Level) 
 
(iv) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is 'American Barrier' or 
'American Barrier and Participation' or 
'Leverage Downside' and the Products are 
linked to a single Underlying: Final Fixing 
Level is [below]/[at or below] the Strike 
Barrier Level] 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is 'American Barrier' or 
'American Barrier and Participation' or 
'Leverage Downside' and the Products are 
linked to a basket of Underlyings: Final 
Fixing [Basket] Level [of the Worst 
Performing Underlying] is [below]/[at or 
below] [its]/[the] Strike Barrier [Basket] 
Level] 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is 'European Barrier': Not 
Applicable - Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is European Barrier]  
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is 'European Barrier and 
Participation': Not Applicable - Barrier 
Reverse Convertible Products Style is 
European Barrier and Participation] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable delete the following sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Strike 
Barrier 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of such Underlying]] 
 
(v) 
Final Performance: 
[Final Fixing [Basket] Level divided by the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level]/[Final Fixing 
Level 
divided 
by 
the 
Strike 
Level]//[Underlying Performance (Long) – 
Underlying 
Performance 
(Short)]/[Final

--- Page 427 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
426 
 
Return]/[Final Fixing Level (Worst) divided 
by the Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Fixing Level (Worst) divided by the Strike 
Level (Worst)]/[Final Return (Worst)] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Strike Level is not required delete the 
following 2 sub-paragraphs as required for 
the definition of Final Performance) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]]]  
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Final 
Performance or Final Return delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(Delete the following sub-paragraphs unless 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is 
'European Barrier and Participation' or 
'American Barrier and Participation') 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Performance (Long): 
(Final Fixing Level (Long) – Initial Fixing 
Level (Long)) divided by the Initial Fixing 
Level (Long) 
 
- 
Underlying 
Performance (Short): 
(Final Fixing Level (Short) – Initial Fixing 
Level (Short)) divided by the Initial Fixing 
Level (Short) 
 
- 
Long Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying] 
 
- 
Short Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]

--- Page 428 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
427 
 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
(vi) 
Lock-In Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Lock-In Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Lock-In Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Lock-
In Barrier Level on the relevant Lock-In 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [A Common Lock-In Event has 
occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation 
Date. Where "Common Lock-In Event" 
means the Lock-In Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Lock-In Barrier Level on the 
relevant Lock-In Observation Date.]/[A 
Single Lock-In Event has occurred in respect 
of each Underlying]. Where "Single Lock-In 
Event" means the Lock-In Fixing Level of an 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] its 
respective Lock-In Barrier Level on any 
Lock-In Observation Date.] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Lock-In Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [
], [] and [] 
 
- 
Lock-In Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 429 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
428 
 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying] 
 
(vii) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floor Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(viii) 
Gearing: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Leverage Final Performance: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: 
Strike Level −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
] 
/[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[ 
Strike Fixing Basket Level −Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level
 
] 
/[ 
Strike Level (Worst) −Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
 
]] 
 
(x) 
Strike Fixing Basket Level: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable 
- 
the 
Settlement Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not 
applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The 
Worst Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying],

--- Page 430 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
429 
 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bullish Products]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in 
the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]]]  
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement 
Initial Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []]

--- Page 431 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
430 
 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked 
to a basket of Underlyings and at least one 
(but not all) Underlyings are denominated in 
the Settlement Currency:, provided that in 
respect of [Insert each Underlying that is 
denominated in the Settlement Currency: [], 
[] and [] the Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 
(one).] 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Issue 
Terms 
or 
if 
the 
currency 
of 
denomination of the Delivery Underlying is 
the Settlement Currency. If the Delivery 
Underlying is 'Worst Performing Underlying' 
and at least one underlying is denominated in 
a currency other than the Settlement 
Currency, this should be 'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
30. 
Tracker Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Redemption Style: 
[Fixed Term]/[Open Ended] 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed 
Term): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable or if Redemption Style is 
Open Ended, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Fixed Term) Exercise 
Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue 
Date]/[] 
 
(B) 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Fixed Term) Notice 
Period: 
[] Business Day[s] 
 
(C) 
Final Fixing Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the 
Issuer has exercised its Issuer Call Option

--- Page 432 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
431 
 
(Fixed Term), the day specified as the Final 
Fixing Date in the Issuer Call Option (Fixed 
Term) Redemption Notice 
 
(D) 
Redemption Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the 
Issuer has exercised its Issuer Call Option 
(Fixed Term), the Issuer Call Option (Fixed 
Term) Redemption Date 
 
(E) 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Redemption Date 
[] Business Days following the Final Fixing 
Date 
 
(ii) 
Investor Put Option (Fixed 
Term) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable or if Redemption Style is 
Open Ended, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
(Fixed Term) Exercise 
Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue 
Date]/[] 
 
(B) 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
(Fixed Term) Notice 
Period: 
[] Business Day[s] 
 
(C) 
Final Fixing Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the 
Investor has exercised its Investor Put Option 
(Fixed Term), [] Scheduled Trading Days 
following the day on which the Paying Agent 
has received the duly completed and signed 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
( 
Fixed 
Term) 
Redemption Notice 
 
(D) 
Redemption Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the 
Investor has exercised its Investor Put Option 
(Fixed Term), the Investor Put Option (Fixed 
Term) Redemption Date 
 
(E) 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Redemption Date: 
[] Business Days following the Final Fixing 
Date 
 
(iii) 
Issuer Call Option (Open-
ended) and Investor Put Option 
(Open ended) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Open-ended) Exercise 
Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue 
Date]/[] 
 
(B) 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Open-ended) 
Notice 
Period: 
[] Business Day[s] 
 
(C) 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
(Open-ended) Exercise 
Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue 
Date]/[]

--- Page 433 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
432 
 
 
(D) 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
(Open-ended) 
Notice 
Period: 
[] Business Day[s] 
 
(E) 
Final Fixing Date: 
In respect of: 
(a) 
each Product for which the Issuer 
has exercised its Issuer Call Option 
(Open-ended), the day specified as 
the Final Fixing Date in the Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Open-ended) 
Redemption Notice; and 
 
 
(b) 
each Product for which the Investor 
has exercised its Investor Put Option 
(Open-ended), [ ] Scheduled 
Trading Days following the day on 
which 
the 
Paying 
Agent 
has 
received the duly completed and 
signed Investor Put Option (Open-
ended) Redemption Notice 
 
(F) 
Redemption Date: 
In respect of: 
(a) 
each Product for which the Issuer 
has exercised its Issuer Call Option 
(Open-ended), 
the 
Issuer 
Call 
Option (Open-ended) Redemption 
Date; and 
 
 
(b) 
each Product for which the Investor 
has exercised its Investor Put Option 
(Open-ended), the Investor Put 
Option (Open-ended) Redemption 
Date. 
 
(G) 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Open-ended) 
Redemption Date: 
[] Business Days following the Final Fixing 
Date 
 
(H) 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
(Open-ended) 
Redemption Date: 
[] Business Days following the Final Fixing 
Date 
 
(b) 
Tracker Product Style: 
[Single Underlying with Quanto FX and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends]/[Single 
Underlying with Quanto FX and Dividends at 
Redemption]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
Quanto FX 
and no Dividend]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends]/[Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and no 
Dividend]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
Composite FX (Notional Units)]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
no 
FX 
and 
no 
Dividends]/[Single Underlying with no FX 
(Notional Units)]/[Single Underlying with 
High Watermark Redemption with Quanto 
FX and Reinvestment of Dividends]/[Single

--- Page 434 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
433 
 
Underlying 
with 
High 
Watermark 
Redemption with Quanto FX and Dividends 
at Redemption]/[Single Underlying with 
High Watermark Redemption with Quanto 
FX and no Dividend]/[Single Underlying 
with High Watermark Redemption with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption]/[Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Composite FX 
and Reinvestment of Dividends]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
High 
Watermark 
Redemption with Composite FX and no 
Dividend]/[Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Composite FX 
(Notional Units)]/[Single Underlying with 
High Watermark Redemption with no FX and 
no Dividends]/[Single Underlying with High 
Watermark 
Redemption 
with 
no 
FX 
(Notional Units)]/[Basket of Underlyings 
with 
Quanto 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption]/[Basket of Underlyings with 
Quanto 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends]/[Basket of Underlyings with 
Quanto FX and no Dividends]/[Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends]/[Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends at Redemption]/ [Basket of 
Underlyings with Composite FX and no 
Dividends]/[Basket of Underlyings with no 
FX and no Dividends] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
Payout 
Style: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 435 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
434 
 
(Only Not Applicable if Tracker Product 
Style is specified to be 'Single Underlying 
with Composite FX (Notional Units)', 'Single 
Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)', 
'Single Underlying with High Watermark 
Redemption with Composite FX (Notional 
Units)' and 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with no FX (Notional 
Units)'. If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Tracker): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(B) 
W (Initial): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(C) 
Dividend Fixing Level: 
[In respect of a Dividend Reinvestment Day 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement Price]/[NAV] on such 
Dividend 
Reinvestment 
Day]]/[Not 
Applicable] (Not Applicable unless Tracker 
Product Style is specified to be 'Single 
Underlying 
with 
Quanto 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividend', 
'Single 
Underlying 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividend', 'Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends' or 'Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Quanto 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends') 
(If applicable, repeat as necessary for each 
Underlying) 
 
(D) 
Lock-In Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
[- Lock-In Event: 
Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the First Lock-In 
Barrier Level or any of the higher Lock-In 
Barrier Levels compared to the last recorded 
Highest Lock-In Barrier Level on the relevant 
Lock-In Observation Date

--- Page 436 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
435 
 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of the Underlying each of [], [] 
and []][Any day From, [and including]/[but 
excluding] [ ] to, [and including]/[but 
excluding] []] 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and [Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
 
- 
First 
Lock-In 
Barrier Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and the Initial 
Fixing Date, [indicatively, ][] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level 
 
- 
Increment 
Percentage: 
[●]] 
 
(E) 
High Watermark Fixing 
Level: 
[In respect of a High Watermark Date and the 
Underlying, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level] /[Exchange Delivery Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such High Watermark Observation 
Date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange Trading Day]/[Reference 
Market Business Day]/[Business Day] falling 
in 
the 
High 
Watermark 
Observation 
Period][Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [ ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(H) 
FX Rate: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked 
to a basket of Underlyings and at least one 
(but not all) Underlyings are denominated in 
the Settlement Currency:, provided that in 
respect of [Insert each Underlying that is 
denominated in the Settlement Currency: [], 
[] and []] the FX Rate shall be 1 (one).]] 
[Not Applicable] (Not Applicable unless 
Tracker Product Style is specified to be

--- Page 437 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
436 
 
'Single Underlying with Composite FX and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption', 
'Single 
Underlying 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends', 
'Single 
Underlying 
with 
High 
Watermark 
Redemption 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption', 
'Single 
Underlying 
with 
High 
Watermark 
Redemption 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends' or 'Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends at Redemption') 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Tracker FX Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(I) 
Management 
Fee 
Deduction: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable please delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[- Management Fee: 
[] per cent.] 
 
(ii) 
Units Payout Style: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only Applicable if Tracker Product Style is 
specified to be 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX (Notional Units)', 'Single 
Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)', 
'Single Underlying with High Watermark 
Redemption 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption', 
'Single 
Underlying 
with 
High 
Watermark 
Redemption 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends'. If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Units (Initial): 
In respect of the Underlying, [] 
 
(B) 
Tracker Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Underlying and a Scheduled 
Trading 
Day, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level] /[Exchange Delivery Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement

--- Page 438 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
437 
 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Scheduled Trading Day] 
 
(C) 
Tracker 
Observation 
Date(s): 
In respect of the Underlying, each of [], [] 
and [] 
 
(D) 
Management Fee Style: 
[Product Value Style]/[Calculation Amount 
Style] 
 
- 
Management 
Fee: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(E) 
Performance 
Fee 
Deduction 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable please delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[- Performance Fee: 
[] per cent. 
 
Hurdle Rate: 
[] per cent.] 
 
(F) 
Lock-In Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
[- Lock-In Event: 
Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the First Lock-In 
Barrier Level or any of the higher Lock-In 
Barrier Levels compared to the last recorded 
Highest Lock-In Barrier Level on the relevant 
Lock-In Observation Date 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of the Underlying each of [], [] 
and []][Any day From, [and including]/[but 
excluding] [ ] to, [and including]/[but 
excluding] []] 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and [Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
 
- 
First 
Lock-In 
Barrier Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and the Initial 
Fixing Date, [indicatively, ][] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level 
 
- 
Increment 
Percentage: 
[●]] 
 
(G) 
High Watermark Fixing 
Level: 
[In respect of a High Watermark Date and the 
Underlying, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index

--- Page 439 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
438 
 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level] /[Exchange Delivery Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such High Watermark Observation 
Date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(H) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange Trading Day]/[Reference 
Market Business Day]/[Business Day] falling 
in 
the 
High 
Watermark 
Observation 
Period][Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [ ]]/[Not 
Applicable]  
 
(J) 
FX Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Tracker Product Style 
is specified to be 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX (Notional Units)' and 'Single 
Underlying 
with 
High 
Watermark 
Redemption with Composite FX (Notional 
Units)'. If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
FX 
Rate 
(Initial): 
In respect of the Underlying, [] 
 
- 
Price Source: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes 
of determining the FX Rate, [] 
 
- 
Tracker FX Rate 
Valuation Time: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes 
of determining the FX Rate, [] 
31. 
Dual Currency Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Dual Currency Product Style: 
[Upside in Investment Currency]/[Upside in 
Alternative Currency] 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
Single Underlying - as specified in the 
definition 
of 
the 
relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation Date 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
Single Underlying - as described in the 
relevant Underlying Specific Conditions 
 
(d) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Alternative Currency: 
[]

--- Page 440 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
439 
 
 
(ii) 
Strike Event: 
Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] 
the Strike Level 
 
(iii) 
Strike Level: 
[[] [, being [] per cent. per annum of the 
Initial Fixing Level]]/[In respect of the 
Underlying, [Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] per annum of the 
Initial Fixing Level] 
 
- 
Predetermined 
Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon Rate: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] per annum 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
– 
ISDA]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[E
urobond 
Basis]/[Actual/Actual 
– 
ICMA]/[Actual/365] 
32. 
Discount Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
Single Underlying - as specified in the 
definition 
of 
the 
relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation Date 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
Single Underlying - as described in the 
relevant Underlying Specific Conditions 
 
(c) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Downside Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Event: 
Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below] the Cap Level 
 
(iii) 
Cap Level: 
In respect of the Underlying, [Indicatively, ][
] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level 
 
(iv) 
Conversion Ratio (Discount): 
In respect of the Underlying, [] 
 
(v) 
FX Performance: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph if Not Applicable) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes 
of determining the FX Rate (Final), [] 
 
- 
FX 
Rate 
Valuation 
Time: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes 
of determining the FX Rate (Final), []

--- Page 441 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
440 
 
 
(vi) 
Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable 
– 
the 
Downside 
Settlement 
Type 
is 
Cash 
Settlement] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs is Not 
Applicable) 
 
- 
Delivery Underlying: 
The Underlying 
 
- 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of the Underlying, [Specified 
Amount - []]/[Calculated Amount – Bullish 
Products]/[Calculated Amount – Bearish 
Products] 
 
- 
Settlement 
Initial 
Level: 
[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in 
the Issue Terms) 
 
- 
FX Conversion: 
Not Applicable 
33. 
Leverage Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Leverage Product Style: 
[Call Warrant Product] ]/[Call Warrant 
Products 
with 
Lock-In 
Feature]/[Call 
Warrant Products with High Watermark 
Redemption]/[Put Warrant Product]/[Call 
Knock-Out Warrant Product]/[Put Knock-
Out Warrant Product]/[Bullish Mini Future 
Product]/[Bearish Mini Future Product] 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
Single Underlying - as specified in the 
definition 
of 
the 
relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation Date 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
Single Underlying - as described in the 
relevant Underlying Specific Conditions 
 
(d) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(e) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[[], [] and [] (Repeat as necessary for 
each Set of Coupon Payment Dates (the first 
set being 'Coupon Payment Date Set 1'))]/[[In 
respect of each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates, each][Each] date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the 
Coupon Payment Table below]

--- Page 442 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
441 
 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Observation Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment [each of [], [] 
and [ ]]/[ ]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment 
Date, each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[ ]] and [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
 
(f) 
Autocall Provisions: 
Not applicable 
 
(g) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert for Call Warrant Products: [Final 
Fixing Level of the Underlying is [above]/[at 
or above] the Strike Level]/[Final Fixing 
Basket Level is [above][at or above] the 
Strike Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Level of 
the 
Worst 
Performing 
Underlying 
is 
[above][at or above] the Strike Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Level of the Best 
Performing Underlying is [above][at or 
above] the Strike Level (Best)]]/[Insert for 
Put Warrant Products: [Final Fixing Level of 
the Underlying is [below]/[at or below] the 
Strike Level]/[Final Fixing Basket Level is 
[below][at or below] the Strike Basket 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level of the Worst 
Performing Underlying is [below][at or 
below] the Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Fixing Level of the Best Performing 
Underlying is [below][at or below] the Strike 
Level (Best)]] 
[Insert 
for 
Call 
Knock-Out 
Warrant 
Products: Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Strike 
Level]/[Insert for Put Knock-Out Warrant 
Products: Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [below]/[at or below] the Strike 
Level]/[Insert for Call Warrant Products 
with High Watermark Redemption, Bullish 
Mini Future Products and Bearish Mini 
Future Products: Not Applicable]

--- Page 443 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
442 
 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 2 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Event) 
 
[- 
Strike Basket Level: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for definition 
of Final Performance) 
 
- 
Initial Fixing Basket 
Level; 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of the Underlying, [Indicatively, ][
] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level][Not Applicable] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
 
- 
Predetermined 
Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
(iii) 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph)  
 
- 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[Indicatively, ][] [, subject to a minimum of 
[] [and a maximum of []] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 444 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
443 
 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
Warrant Product Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Call Warrant Products and 
Put Warrant Products. Not Applicable 
otherwise) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Trading Style: 
[Notional]/[Units] 
 
Basket Style: 
[All]/[Worst]/[Best]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Warrant): 
[In respect of the Underlying, [ ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Trading Style is 
specified as 'Units') 
 
(C) 
Participation: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(v) 
Lock-In Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Lock-In Event: 
Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the First Lock-In 
Barrier Level or any of the higher Lock-In 
Barrier Levels compared to the last recorded 
Highest Lock-In Barrier Level on the relevant 
Lock-In Observation Date 
 
- 
Lock-In Observation Date(s): 
[In respect of the Underlying each of [], [] 
and []][Any day From, [and including]/[but 
excluding] [ ] to, [and including]/[but 
excluding] []] 
 
- 
Lock-In Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and [Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
 
- 
First Lock-In Barrier Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and the Initial 
Fixing Date, [indicatively, ][] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level 
 
- 
Increment Percentage: 
[●]]

--- Page 445 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
444 
 
 
(vi) 
High 
Watermark 
Determination: 
[Observation 
Dates]/[Observation 
Periods]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
High Watermark Fixing 
Level: 
[In respect of a High Watermark Date and the 
Underlying, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level] /[Exchange Delivery Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such High Watermark Observation 
Date]] 
 
(B) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange Trading Day]/[Reference 
Market Business Day]/[Business Day] falling 
in the High Watermark Observation Period 
 
(C) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [ ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Knock-Out 
Warrant 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Knock-Out Call Warrant 
Products and Knock-Out Put Warrant 
Products. Not Applicable otherwise) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Trading Style: 
[Notional]/[Units] 
 
(B) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Warrant): 
[In respect of the Underlying, [ ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Trading Style is 
specified as 'Units') 
 
(C) 
Knock-Out Event: 
[Insert 
for 
Call 
Knock-Out 
Warrant 
Products: [Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the 
Knock-Out Level]/[Knock-Out Fixing Level 
of the Underlying on any Knock-Out 
Observation Date falling in the Knock-Out 
Observation Period is [above]/[at or above] 
the Knock-Out Level]] 
[Insert for Put Knock-Out Warrant Products: 
[Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below] 
the 
Knock-Out 
Level]/[Knock-Out Fixing Level of the 
Underlying on any Knock-Out Observation 
Date falling in the Knock-Out Observation

--- Page 446 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
445 
 
Period is [below]/[at or below] the Knock-
Out Level]] 
 
(D) 
Knock-Out Level: 
In respect of the Underlying, [Indicatively, ][
] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level 
 
(E) 
Knock-Out 
Fixing 
Level: 
[In respect of a Knock-Out Observation Date 
and the Underlying, the [Opening [Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level] /[Exchange Delivery Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Knock-Out Observation Date]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Knock-Out 
Observation Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [ ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(G) 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(H) 
Strike Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(I) 
Rebate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Rebate 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(viii) Mini Future Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Bullish Mini Future Products 
and Bearish Mini Future Products) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Stop Loss Event: 
[Insert for Bullish Mini Future Products: 
Stop Loss Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below] the Stop Loss Level on 
any Stop Loss Observation Date in the Stop 
Loss Observation Period]/[Insert for Bearish 
Mini Future Products: Stop Loss Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above] the Stop Loss Level on any Stop Loss 
Observation 
Date 
in 
the 
Stop 
Loss 
Observation Period]

--- Page 447 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
446 
 
 
(B) 
Stop Loss Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [ ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Stop Loss Fixing Level: 
In respect of a Stop Loss Observation Date 
and the Underlying, the [Opening [Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level] /[Exchange Delivery Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Stop Loss Observation Date 
 
(D) 
Stop Loss Level: 
In respect of the Underlying, [Indicatively, ][
] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level 
 
(E) 
Stop Loss Redemption 
Date: 
[] Business Days following the Stop Loss 
Observation Date in respect of which a Stop 
Loss Event first occurs 
 
(F) 
Conversion Ratio (Mini 
Future): 
In respect of the Underlying, [] 
34. 
Outperformance Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Outperformance Product Style: 
[Outperformance 
with 
Participation]/[Participation Certificate with 
Airbag feature] 
 
(b) 
Product Direction: 
[Bullish]/[Bearish] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date)

--- Page 448 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
447 
 
 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [above]/[at 
or above]/[below]/[at or below] its Strike 
Barrier Level] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[Final 
Basket 
Return 
is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
the Strike Barrier Amount]/[Final Fixing 
Level of the [Worst Performing Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] its Strike Barrier 
Level]/[Best 
Performing 
Underlying 
is 
[below]/[at or below] its Strike Barrier 
Level]] 
 
- 
Strike Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Final Return is 
required for the definition of Strike Event) 
 
(ii) 
Strike 
Barrier 
[Level]/[Amount]: 
[[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level of 
such 
Underlying]/[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike Level]] 
[[Indicatively, ][][, subject to a minimum of 
[][and a maximum of []]] 
 
(iii) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback

--- Page 449 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
448 
 
Observation 
Period] 
[for 
such 
Underlying]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for definition 
of Strike Barrier Level, Final Performance or 
Final Return) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
Strike Basket Level: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for definition 
of Final Performance) 
 
(v) 
Final Redemption Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [above]/[at 
or above]/[below]/[at or below] its Initial 
Fixing Level] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[Final 
Basket 
Return 
is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
zero (0)]/[Final Fixing Level of the [Worst 
Performing Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above] 
its 
Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Best 
Performing Underlying is [below]/[at or 
below] its Initial Fixing Level]] 
[Insert if Outperformance Product Style is 
'[Outperformance with Participation]': Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Protection Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.] 
 
(vii) 
Upside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]

--- Page 450 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
449 
 
 
(viii) Downside Participation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
 
- 
Downside Participation 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.] 
 
(ix) 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
 
- 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[Indicatively, ][] [, subject to a minimum of 
[] [and a maximum of []] 
 
(x) 
Final Performance: 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level/Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)/Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)/Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial 
Fixing Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Strike Basket Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[IP (FP) – (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing 
Level)]/[IP (FP) – (Final Fixing Level/Strike 
Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [IP (FP) – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Initial Fixing Level (Best))]/[IP (FP) – 
(Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike Level 
(Best))]/[IP (FP) – (Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level)]/[IP (FP) – 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket 
Level)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Final Return: 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' and 
Product is linked to a single Underlying: 
[(Final Fixing Level – Initial Fixing 
Level)/Initial Fixing Level]/[(Final Fixing 
Level 
– 
Strike 
Level)/Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[(Final 
Fixing 
Level 
– 
Strike 
Level)/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Initial Fixing 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) –

--- Page 451 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
450 
 
Strike Level (Worst))/Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – 
Strike 
Level 
(Worst))/Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Basket Return]/[Final Basket 
Return (Strike)] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a single Underlying: [IP 
(FR) – (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing 
Level)]/[IP (FR) – (Final Fixing Level/Strike 
Level)]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[IP (FR) – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial 
Fixing Level (Best))]/[IP (FR) – (Final Fixing 
Level (Best)/Strike Level (Best))]/[Bearish 
Final Basket Return]/[Bearish Final Basket 
Return (Strike)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Final Redemption Cap: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless 'Outperformance 
Product Style' is 'Outperformance with 
Airbag feature')) 
 
(xiii) Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level is required for Final Performance or 
Final Return) 
 
(xiv) Inverse 
Percentage 
(Final 
Performance): 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Product Direction 
is 'Bearish') 
 
(xv) 
Inverse 
Percentage 
(Final 
Return): 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Product Direction 
is 'Bearish') 
 
(g) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable 
- 
the 
Settlement Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not 
applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The 
Worst Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount -
[ ]]/[Calculated

--- Page 452 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
451 
 
Amount – Bullish Products]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in 
the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of 
such Underlying]] (If not required for 
definition of Settlement Initial Level delete 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked 
to a basket of Underlyings and at least one 
(but not all) Underlyings are denominated in 
the Settlement Currency:, provided that in 
respect of [Insert each Underlying that is 
denominated in the Settlement Currency: [], 
[] and [] the Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 
(one).] 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Issue 
Terms 
or 
if 
the 
currency 
of 
denomination of the Delivery Underlying is 
the Settlement Currency. If the Delivery 
Underlying is 'Worst Performing Underlying' 
and at least one underlying is denominated in 
a currency other than the Settlement 
Currency, this should be 'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 453 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
452 
 
35. 
Long/Short Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Long/Short Product Style: 
[Long/Short Product with no Management 
Fee Deduction]/[Long/Short Product with 
Management Fee Deduction]/[Long/Short 
Product with Outperformance Participation] 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect the Long Underlying: 
- [insert name of Underlying], [] per cent. 
(Repeat for each Underlying in the Long 
Underlying) 
In respect of the Short Underlying: 
- [insert name of Underlying], [] per cent.] 
(Repeat for each Underlying in the Short 
Underlying) 
[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable if the Strategy Style is 
specified to be Single Underlying)) 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Strategy Style: 
[Single Underlying]/[Basket of Underlyings] 
 
(ii) 
Long Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[A 
basket of Underlyings comprising [insert 
name of each Underlying that is a part of the 
Long Underlying basket]] 
 
(iii) 
Short Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[A 
basket of Underlyings comprising [insert 
name of each Underlying that is part of the 
Short Underlying basket]] 
 
(iv) 
Stop Loss Early Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 454 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
453 
 
 
(A) 
Stop Loss Event: 
Stop Loss Product Value on any Stop Loss 
Observation Date is [below]/[at or below] the 
Stop Loss Barrier Level 
 
(B) 
Stop 
Loss 
Barrier 
Level: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.] of the Initial Product Value 
 
(C) 
Stop Loss Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
(D) 
Stop Loss Redemption 
Date: 
[] Business Days following the Stop Loss 
Observation Date in respect of which a Stop 
Loss Event first occurs 
 
(v) 
Initial Product Value: 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Final Performance: 
[Insert if Strategy Style is 'Single Underlying': 
[(Final Fixing Level – Initial Fixing 
Level)/Initial Fixing Level]/[(Final Fixing 
Level – Strike Level)/Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert if Strategy Style is 'Basket of 
Underlyings': [(LS Final Fixing Basket Level 
– LS Initial Fixing Basket Level)/LS Initial 
Fixing Basket Level]/[(LS Final Fixing Level 
- LS Strike Basket Level)/LS Initial Fixing 
Level] 
(Insert the below sub-paragraphs as required 
for the definition of Final Performance) 
 
- 
Long/Short 
Initial 
Fixing Basket Level 
[Specified Amount: [] in respect of the Long 
Underlying and [] in respect of the Short 
Underlying]/[Calculated Amount] 
 
- 
Long/Short 
Strike 
Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount: [] in respect of the Long 
Underlying and [] in respect of the Short 
Underlying]/[Calculated Amount] 
 
- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level of 
such Underlying] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period

--- Page 455 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
454 
 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
 
- 
Predetermined 
Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(vii) 
Participation Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable if Long/Short Product Style is 
'Long/Short Product with Outperformance 
Participation') 
 
(viii) Upside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Long/Short Product 
Style 
is 
'Long/Short 
Product 
with 
Outperformance Participation') 
 
(ix) 
Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Long/Short Product 
Style 
is 
'Long/Short 
Product 
with 
Outperformance Participation') 
 
(x) 
Adjustment Factor: 
[Applicable - [Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Management Fee: 
[[] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable if Long/Short Product Style 
is 'Long/Short Product with no Management 
Fee Deduction') 
 
(xii) 
DCF: 
[
t
360]/[
actual
365 ]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 456 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
455 
 
(Not Applicable if Long/Short Product Style 
is 'Long/Short Product with no Management 
Fee Deduction') 
36. 
Dispersion Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual 
Adjustment only applicable for a basket of 
Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual 
Adjustment only applicable for a basket of 
Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(c) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(d) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall Redemption 
Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below]/[Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount 
plus 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount]/[High 
Watermark Autocallable] 
(Delete the two sub-paragraphs immediately 
below unless 'Fixed Autocall Redemption 
Amount plus Autocall Coupon Amount' is 
specified) 
 
[- 
Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Fixed 
Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below]

--- Page 457 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
456 
 
 
- 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Coupon Amount(s)' in the row corresponding 
to such Autocall Redemption Date in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below]] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an [Autocall 
Observation Date]/[Autocall Observation 
Period], the date set forth in column entitled 
'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying [each of 
[], [] and []]/[]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Observation 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable. [Each of the 
following: 
[From, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] [ ] to, [and including]/[but 
excluding] []] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Autocall Observation Period)]/[Each period 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Observation Period(s)' in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below]] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Event: 
 
 
 
Basket 
Dispersion 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the Autocall 
Trigger Basket Level [on the relevant 
Autocall Observation Date]/[in respect of any 
Common Autocall Period Observation Date 
falling in the relevant Autocall Observation 
Period]] 
 
(vi) 
Autocall 
Trigger 
Basket 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each [Autocall Observation Date]/[Autocall 
Observation Period], [Indicatively, ][] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
[Strike Level]/Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]]/[In respect of [the]/[each] 
Underlying[s] and an [Autocall Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Observation Period], the 
percentage of the [Strike Level]/[Initial 
Fixing Level] as specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Trigger Level' in the row 
corresponding to such [Autocall Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Observation Period]] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation [Date]/[Period](s) 
Autocall Redemption Date

--- Page 458 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
457 
 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption 
Amount', 'Autocall Trigger Basket Amount', 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall 
Coupon Amount') 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level is required for Autocall Trigger Basket 
Level, Barrier Basket Level) 
 
(ii) 
Strike Basket Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of such Underlying]]] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Final Redemption Cap: 
[Applicable,][Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
37. 
Steepener Products: 
 
 
(a) 
Steepener Product Style: 
[Spread 
(Note 
or 
Certificate)]/[Accrual 
Steepener 
(Warrant)]/[Single 
Look 
(Warrant)] 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]/[Common Observation]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]/[Common Observation]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[DCF Accrual]/[Single Observation]/[Daily 
Average Accrual] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[], [] and [] 
 
(iii) 
DCF Accrual Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Coupon Style is DCF
Accrual. If Not

--- Page 459 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
458 
 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/ 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon Observation Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the]/[each] Underlying 
and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, [each of 
[], [] and []][]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment 
Date, each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(v) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – From, [and 
including]/[but excluding], [ ] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding], []] (Repeat as 
necessary for each Coupon Observation 
Period)] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Coupon Observation Period', 'Spread Strike Level' 
or others) 
 
(e) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [Underlying 1]/[Underlying 
2]/[each Underlying], [Indicatively, ][] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [Underlying 1]/[Underlying 
2]/[each Underlying], [Indicatively, ][] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent.

--- Page 460 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
459 
 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
[lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] [Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Predetermined 
Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(f) 
Underlying 1: 
[] 
 
(g) 
Underlying 2: 
[] 
 
(h) 
Underlying Level: 
In respect of a [Coupon Observation Date] 
[or] [Final Fixing Date] and an Underlying 1 
or Underlying 2: 
[the Underlying Fixing Level of such 
Underlying on such [Coupon Observation 
Date] [or] [Final Fixing Date]]/  
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
]/

--- Page 461 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
460 
 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each date) 
 
(i) 
Spread Strike Level: 
[Indicatively, ][][, subject to a minimum of 
[] [and a maximum of []]] 
 
(j) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floor Percentage:  
[Indicatively, ] [] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(k) 
Leverage Factor: 
[Indicatively, ][] [, subject to a minimum of 
[ ] [and a maximum of [ ]]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Protection Percentage: 
[Applicable – [Indicatively, ] [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum 
of 
[
] 
per 
cent.]]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Provisions relating to the Underlying(s) 
Underlying Table 
[i]
[Underlying[s]:]
[Bloomberg 
Code:] 
[ISIN:]
[[Underlying] 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date:] 
[ ] (Insert relevant 
Level as defined in the 
relevant 
Payout 
Conditions and as 
specified 
in 
this 
Pricing Supplement. 
Repeat as necessary.) 
[Exchange(s)]/[Price 
Source(s)]/[Screen 
Page(s)]/[Reference 
Market(s)]/[Index 
Sponsor(s)]/[Service 
Provider(s)][:] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
(Repeat as necessary)
38. 
Share Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Share Linked 
Products]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 462 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
461 
 
 
(a) 
Share(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Share]/[Each share 
set forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: []] 
 
 
[ISIN: []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], 
[
]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(c) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], []]/[As set forth 
in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 
'Exchange(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to the relevant Share] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Failure to Deliver: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Reduced Number of Shares: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Relevant Number of 
Shares: 
[]] (Delete if Reduced Number of Shares is 
specified as Not Applicable) 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Share Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [
] (specify number of days)] 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name 
of relevant Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], the 
[Closing Share Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Share 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the 
[Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial 
Fixing Date] [for such Share]] 
[[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name 
of relevant Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], the

--- Page 463 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
462 
 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Closing 
Share Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Share Price]/[Intraday Price 
at any time] on [each Initial Lookback 
Observation Date]/[each Initial Lookback 
Period Observation Date in the Initial 
Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Share]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], []]/[Insert for 
Open Ended Tracker Products: As specified 
in item 30 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], [Opening Share Price]/[Closing Share 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the 
Final Fixing Date]] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the [Closing Share 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Share Price]/[Intraday Price 
at any time] on each Final Fixing Averaging 
Date [for such Share]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share)

--- Page 464 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
463 
 
39. 
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) 
Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Participation 
Certificate 
(Genussscheine) 
Linked 
Products]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Participation 
Certificate(s) 
(Genussscheine): 
[Insert name of relevant Participation 
Certificate]/[Each participation certificate set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: []] 
 
 
[ISIN: []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(b) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], []]/[As set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 
'Exchange(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to the relevant Participation 
Certificate] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(c) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) 
Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [] (specify 
number of days)] 
 
(e) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation 
Certificate], the [Closing Price]/ [Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the

--- Page 465 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
464 
 
[Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial 
Fixing 
Date] 
[for 
such 
Participation 
Certificate] 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation 
Certificate], the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] 
of the [Closing Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday 
Price at any time] on [each Initial Lookback 
Observation Date]/[each Initial Lookback 
Period Observation Date in the Initial 
Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Participation Certificate]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(g) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [ ]]/[Insert for 
Open Ended Tracker Products: As specified 
in item 30 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation 
Certificate], the [Closing Price]/[Opening 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the 
Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation 
Certificate], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Closing 
Price]/[Opening Price] /[Volume Weighted

--- Page 466 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
465 
 
Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] 
on each Final Fixing Averaging Date [for 
such Participation Certificate]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph as 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
40. 
Index Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Index Linked 
Products]/[Proprietary 
Index][Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Index(ices): 
[Insert name of relevant Index]/[Each index 
set forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] 
Index], 
[
]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(c) 
Index Sponsor(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], []]/[As set forth 
in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Index Sponsor(s)' in the row 
corresponding to the relevant Index] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Index Linked Condition 6 (Definitions)/ [
] (specify number of days)]

--- Page 467 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
466 
 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], the 
[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday Level at any time] on the 
[Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial 
Fixing Date] [for such Index]] 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday Level at any time] on [each 
Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in 
the Initial Lookback Observation Period][for 
such Index]] 
 (Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], []]/[Insert for 
Open Ended Tracker Products: As specified 
in item 30 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Index]/[[the]/[each] 
Index], [Closing Index Level]/[Opening 
Index Level]/[Exchange Delivery Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday Level at any time] on the 
Final Fixing Date] 
In respect of the [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] 
Index], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the [Closing Index 
Level]/[Opening Index Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery Settlement Price]/[Intraday Level at

--- Page 468 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
467 
 
any time] on each Final Fixing Averaging 
Date [for such Index]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph as 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
41. 
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Depositary 
Receipt Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Depositary Receipt(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Depositary 
Receipt]/[Each depositary receipt set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
(b) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], []]/[As set forth in the Underlying 
Table 
above 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
'Exchange(s)' in the same row as the relevant 
Depositary Receipt] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(c) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Failure to Deliver: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Reduced Number of Shares: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Relevant Number of 
Shares: 
[]](Delete if Reduced Number of Shares is 
specified as Not Applicable) 
 
(d) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Depositary Receipt Linked Condition 5 
(Definitions)/ [] (specify number of days)] 
 
(e) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt], []

--- Page 469 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
468 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] 
Depositary 
Receipt], 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] 
on the [Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying 
Initial Fixing Date] [for such Depositary 
Receipt] 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] 
Depositary 
Receipt], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Opening 
Price]/[Closing Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] 
on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Depositary 
Receipt]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(g) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], [ ]]/[Insert for Open Ended 
Tracker Products: As specified in item 30 
(Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt], 
[Opening Price]/[Closing Price]/[Volume

--- Page 470 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
469 
 
Weighted Average Price]/[Intraday Price at 
any time] on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], the [lowest]/[Average] of the 
[Opening Price]/[Closing Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Intraday Price at 
any time] on each Final Fixing Averaging 
Date [for such Depositary Receipt]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
42. 
Commodity Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Commodity 
Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Commodity(ies): 
[Insert name of relevant Commodity]/[Each 
commodity set forth in the Underlying Table 
above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [ 
]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(c) 
Price Source(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [ 
]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above 
in the column entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the 
same row as the relevant Commodity]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(d) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [ 
]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above 
in the column entitled 'Reference Market(s)' 
in 
the 
same 
row 
as 
the 
relevant 
Commodity]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity)

--- Page 471 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
470 
 
 
(e) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Permanent Market Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in 
Commodity 
Linked 
Condition 
5 
(Definitions)/ [] (specify number of days)] 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], the Commodity Reference 
Price on the [Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying 
Initial Fixing Date] [for such Commodity]] 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
Commodity Reference Price on [each Initial 
Lookback Observation Date]/[each Initial 
Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for 
such Commodity]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [ 
]]/[Insert for Open Ended Tracker Products:

--- Page 472 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
471 
 
As specified in item 30 (Tracker Products) 
above] 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], the 
Commodity Reference Price on the Final 
Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
Commodity 
Reference Price on each Final Fixing 
Averaging Date [for such Commodity]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
43. 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Linked 
Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Linked 
Products]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Currency Exchange Rate(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Currency Exchange 
Rate]/[Each currency exchange rate set forth 
in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(b) 
Reference Currency(ies): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency Exchange Rate]/[the Currency 
Exchange Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(c) 
Base Currency(ies): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency Exchange Rate]/[the Currency 
Exchange Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(d) 
Derived Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Cross Currency(ies): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency Exchange Rate]/[the Currency 
Exchange Rate], []

--- Page 473 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
472 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(e) 
Price Source(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency Exchange Rate]/[the Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[ Base Currency/Cross 
Currency Price]/[Cross Currency/Reference 
Currency Price], [ ]]/[As set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the same row as 
the relevant Currency Exchange Rate]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange 
Rate, 
Base 
Currency/Cross 
Currency 
Price 
and/or 
Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price) 
 
(f) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency Exchange Rate]/[the Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[ Base Currency/Cross 
Currency Price]/[Cross Currency/Reference 
Currency Price], [ ]]/[As set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the same row as 
the relevant Currency Exchange Rate] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(g) 
Currency Exchange Rate Valuation 
Time(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[ 
Base 
Currency/Cross 
Currency 
Price]/[Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange 
Rate, 
Base 
Currency/Cross 
Currency 
Price 
and/or 
Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price) 
 
(h) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency Exchange Rate]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Currency Exchange Rate Linked Condition 
5 (Definitions)/ [] (specify number of days)] 
 
(j) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency Exchange Rate], []

--- Page 474 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
473 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(k) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate], the Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate on the [Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying 
Initial Fixing Date] [for such Currency 
Exchange Rate] 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate], the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the 
Currency Exchange Rate on [each Initial 
Lookback Observation Date]/[each Initial 
Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for 
such Currency Exchange Rate]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency Exchange Rate], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency Exchange Rate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(l) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency Exchange Rate], [ ]]/[Insert for 
Open Ended Tracker Products: As specified 
in item 30 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(m) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Currency Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate], the Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each]

--- Page 475 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
474 
 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
Currency 
Exchange Rate on each Final Fixing 
Averaging Date [for such Currency Exchange 
Rate]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency Exchange Rate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
44. 
Futures Contract Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Futures 
Contract Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Futures Contract(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[Each futures contract set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(b) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures 
Contract], [ ]]/[As set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Exchange(s)' in the same row as the 
relevant Futures Contract] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(c) 
Price Source(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures 
Contract], [ ]]/[As set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the same row as 
the relevant Futures Contract] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(d) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures 
Contract], [ ]]/[As set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Reference Market(s)' in the same 
row as the relevant Futures Contract]

--- Page 476 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
475 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(e) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Permanent Market Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Futures Contract Linked Condition 5 
(Definitions)/ [] (specify number of days)] 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [
] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures Contract], the [Intraday Price at any 
time]/[Settlement Price] on the [Initial Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for 
such Futures Contract] 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures 
Contract], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Intraday 
Price at any time]/[Settlement Price] on [each 
Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in 
the Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for 
such Futures Contract]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract)

--- Page 477 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
476 
 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [
], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures 
Contract], [ ]]/[Insert for Open Ended 
Tracker Products: As specified in item 30 
(Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], the 
[Intraday Price at any time]/[Settlement 
Price] on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures 
Contract], the [lowest]/[Average] of the 
[Intraday Price at any time]/[Settlement 
Price] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date 
[for such Futures Contract]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [
], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
45. 
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative 
Instrument Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are [Fixed Rate 
Instrument 
Linked 
Products] 
[and] 
[Derivative 
Instrument 
Linked 
Products]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Instrument(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Fixed Rate 
Instrument]/[Each fixed rate instrument set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column 
entitled 
'Underlying(s)']/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 478 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
477 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fixed Rate 
Instrument) 
 
(b) 
Derivative Instrument(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Derivative 
Instrument]/[Each derivative instrument set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column 
entitled 
'Underlying(s)']/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Derivative 
Instrument) 
 
(c) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
[Fixed 
Rate]/[Derivative] Instrument], []]/[As set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Reference Market(s)' in the 
same row as the relevant Instrument] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
[Fixed 
Rate]/[Derivative] Instrument]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative 
Instrument Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ 
[] (specify number of days)] 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
Instrument], the [Opening Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the 
[Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial 
Fixing Date] [for such Instrument 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
Instrument], the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on [each 
Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in 
the Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for 
such Instrument]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument)

--- Page 479 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
478 
 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [ 
]]/[Insert for Open Ended Tracker Products: 
As specified in item 30 (Tracker Products) 
above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], the 
[Opening Price]/[Closing Price]/[Intraday 
Price at any time] on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date 
[for such Instrument]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
46. 
ETF Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are ETF Linked 
Products]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
ETF Share(s): 
[Insert name of relevant ETF Share]/[Each 
ETF share set forth in the Underlying Table 
above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: []]

--- Page 480 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
479 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(b) 
Fund: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(c) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], []]/[As set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Exchange(s)' in the same 
row as the relevant ETF Share] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(d) 
Fund Reference Index: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
 
- 
Fund 
Reference 
Index 
Sponsor: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(e) 
Management Company: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(f) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in ETF Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [] 
(specify number of days)] 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(i) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
ETF 
Share], 
the 
[Closing 
Price]/[Opening 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the 
[Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial 
Fixing Date] [for such ETF Share]  
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
ETF 
Share], the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of 
the [Closing Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday 
Price at any time] on [each Initial Lookback 
Observation Date]/[each Initial Lookback 
Period Observation Date in the Initial

--- Page 481 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
480 
 
Lookback Observation Period] [for such ETF 
Share]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [], [] and 
[] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], []]/[Insert 
for Open Ended Tracker Products: As 
specified in item 30 (Tracker Products) 
above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(k) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], the [Closing 
Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
ETF 
Share], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Closing 
Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date 
[for such ETF Share]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [], [] and 
[] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
47. 
Fund Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Fund Linked 
Products]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 482 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
481 
 
 
(a) 
Fund Unit(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Fund Unit]/[Each 
fund unit set forth in the Underlying Table 
above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(b) 
Fund(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(c) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit and Fund]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit and 
such relevant Fund]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Fund Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [
] (specify number of days)] 
 
(e) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Fund Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], 
the 
NAV 
on 
the 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for 
such Fund Unit]  
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Fund Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], 
the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the NAV 
on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Fund Unit]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [], [] and [
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit)

--- Page 483 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
482 
 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(g) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [ ]]/[Insert 
for Open Ended Tracker Products: As 
specified in item 30 (Tracker Products) 
above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], the NAV on 
the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] 
Fund 
Unit], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the NAV on each Final 
Fixing Averaging Date [for such Fund Unit]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final 
Fixing 
Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [], [] and [
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
48. 
Reference Rate Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Reference 
Rate Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[Each reference rate set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(b) 
Screen Page(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], []]/[As set forth in the Underlying 
Table above in the column entitled 'Screen 
Page(s)' in the same row as the relevant 
Reference Rate] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(c) 
Relevant Financial Centre(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], []

--- Page 484 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
483 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(d) 
Relevant Time: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(e) 
Quotation Rounding: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], rounded to the nearest [ ] decimal 
place 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(f) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference Rate], the Screen Rate on the 
[Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial 
Fixing Date] [for such Reference Rate]  
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the Screen 
Rate on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Reference 
Rate]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level)

--- Page 485 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
484 
 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], []]/[Insert for Open Ended Tracker 
Products: As specified in item 30 (Tracker 
Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], the 
Screen Rate on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], the [lowest]/[Average] of the Screen 
Rate on each Final Fixing Averaging Date 
[for such Reference Rate]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final 
Fixing 
Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
General provisions 
49. 
Form of Products: 
[Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities]  
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Bearer 
Security 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Bearer 
Security which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Bearer Securities upon an Exchange Event] 
[Insert 
if 
applicable 
for 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities]

--- Page 486 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
485 
 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Bearer 
Security 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Securities 
upon an Exchange Event] [Insert if 
applicable 
for 
Euroclear/Clearstream 
Securities] 
 
 
[Euroclear Sweden Securities] 
 
 
[SIX SIS Securities issued in uncertificated 
form in accordance with article 973c of the 
Swiss Code of Obligations]
 
 
[SIX SIS Securities issued in the form of a 
permanent global certificate in accordance 
with article 973b of the Swiss Code of 
Obligations] 
 
 
[Uncertificated Euroclear Sweden Securities] 
 
 
[Uncertificated SIX SIS Securities] 
50. 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
EEA 
Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable – see the cover page of these 
Final Terms]/[Not Applicable] 
51. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
[Applicable]/ [Not Applicable] 
52. 
Business Centre(s): 
[][Not Applicable] 
53. 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following] [Modified Following] [Nearest] 
[Preceding] 
[Modified 
Preceding] 
[No 
Adjustment]2 
54. 
Specified Number of Business Days: 
[Three Business Days as specified in General 
Condition 
22 
(Definitions 
and 
Interpretation)/ [] (specify number of days)] 
55. 
Other Rounding Convention: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Specified Sub-Unit: 
[[All amounts due and payable: rounded 
[downwards/upwards] to [insert number] 
decimal place[s]] [Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Specified Decimal Place: 
[[[Specify percentage or value]: rounded 
[downwards/upwards] to next [higher/lower] 
[insert number]] [Not Applicable] 
56. 
Calculation Agent: 
[Leonteq Securities AG]/[] 
57. 
Paying Agent: 
[Leonteq Securities AG]/[] 
58. 
Additional Agents: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
59. 
Notice Website: 
[] 
60. 
[Name(s)] 
[and 
address(es)] 
of 
Lead 
Manager [and Dealer(s)] [and underwriting 
commitments]: 
[Leonteq Securities AG, Europaallee 39, 
8004 Zurich, Switzerland] 
 
2  
Do not insert " Nearest", "Preceding", "Modified Preceding" or "No Adjustment" where Euroclear Sweden is selected as a Relevant 
Clearing System.

--- Page 487 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
486 
 
[] [Not Applicable] 
61. 
Governing Law: 
[English law] [Swiss law] 
PART C – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(a) 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Application [has been made/is expected to 
be made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Products to be [listed] [on the Official 
List] [and] [admitted to trading on] [the 
Regulated Market of [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/other (specify)]] /[multi lateral 
trading facility of securitised derivative 
financial instruments (the "SeDeX Market") 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.]/[multilateral 
trading 
facility 
EuroTLX (managed by EuroTLX SIM 
S.p.A)]/[Hi-Cert market segment of the 
multilateral 
trading 
facility 
Hi-Mtf 
(organised and managed by Hi-Mtf Sim 
S.p.A.)]/[Spectrum 
multilateral 
trading 
facility 
(organised 
and 
managed 
by 
Spectrum MTF Operator GmbH)]/[Open 
Market (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange 
(Börse 
Frankfurt 
Zertifikate 
AG)]/[SIX 
Swiss 
Exchange]/[Nasdaq 
Stockholm AB]/[Nasdaq Helsinki]/[/[ ]. 
[The Tranche [] Products[, Tranche [] 
Products][ and Tranche [] Products] were 
[listed and] [admitted to trading] on [the 
multi lateral trading facility of the SeDeX 
Market (organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A)]/[the multilateral trading 
facility EuroTLX (managed by EuroTLX 
SIM 
S.p.A)]/[the 
Open 
Market 
(Freiverkehr) 
of 
the 
Frankfurt 
Stock 
Exchange 
(Börse 
Frankfurt 
Zertifikate 
AG)]/[SIX 
Swiss 
Exchange]/[Nasdaq 
Stockholm AB]/[Nasdaq Helsinki]/[] on or 
around [][,[]][and [], respectively] 
 
 
[The Products shall not be fungible with the 
Tranche [] Products [, the Tranche [] 
Products][or the Tranche [] Products] until 
such time as the Products are [listed] [and] 
[admitted to trading] as indicated above.] 
 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[[]/[Not Applicable]] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Products have not been individually 
rated.] 
 
 
[The Products to be issued have been rated:

--- Page 488 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
487 
 
 
 
[S&P: []] 
 
 
[Moody's: []] 
 
 
[Fitch: []] 
 
 
[[Other]: []]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER]] 
 
[]3 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[][General funding] [Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[] [Not Applicable – there are no estimated 
expenses charged to the Investor by the 
Issuer] 
5. 
[PERFORMANCE 
OF 
UNDERLYING[S], 
AND 
OTHER 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING[S]] 
 
[] 
 
[[Bloomberg Screen][Reuters Screen Page] []: '[]'] [and] [www.[]] 
 
Index Disclaimer[s]: []/[See Schedule hereto]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
[TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER] 
6.1 
Authorised Offer(s) 
 
 
(a) 
Public Offer: 
[Not Applicable]/[An offer of the Products 
may be made, subject to the conditions set 
out below by the Authorised Offeror(s) 
(specified in (b) immediately below) other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation in the Public Offer 
Jurisdiction(s) (specified in (c) immediately 
below) during the Offer Period (specified in 
(d) immediately below) subject to the 
conditions set out in the Base Prospectus and 
in (e) immediately below] 
 
(b) 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in 
the various countries where the offer 
takes place (together the "Authorised 
Offeror(s)"): 
Each financial intermediary specified in (i) 
and (ii) below: 
(i) 
Specific consent: [[] (the "Initial 
Authorised 
Offeror(s)")] 
[and 
each 
financial 
intermediary 
 
3 
Only include a description of any interests, including conflicting ones, that are material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved 
and the nature of the interest. Otherwise delete this paragraph 3.

--- Page 489 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
488 
 
expressly named as an Authorised 
Offeror on the website of Leonteq 
Securities AG (www.leonteq.com)]; 
and 
 
 
(ii) 
General 
consent: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable: 
each 
financial intermediary which (A) is 
authorised to make such offers 
under Directive 2014/65/EU, and 
(B) accepts such offer by publishing 
on its website the Acceptance 
Statement] 
 
(c) 
Jurisdiction(s) where the offer may 
take place (together, the "Public 
Offer Jurisdictions(s)"): 
[Luxembourg][,][and][Germany][,][and][A
ustria][,][and][Finland][,] [and] [Sweden] 
[,][and] 
[Italy] 
[,][and] 
[Czech 
Republic][,][and] [the Netherlands][,][and] 
[Ireland].]  
 
(d) 
Offer period for which use of the Base 
Prospectus is authorised by the 
Authorised Offeror(s): 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Other conditions for use of the Base 
Prospectus 
by 
the 
Authorised 
Offeror(s): 
[ ] [[ ], in relation to those Authorised 
Offeror(s) specified in (b)(ii) above only] 
[Not Applicable] 
6.2 
Other terms and conditions of the offer 
 
 
(a) 
Offer Price: 
[The Issue Price]/[[]]/[[] (being the Issue 
Price plus an Initial Load of [])] 
 
(b) 
Total amount of offer: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Time period, including any possible 
amendments, during which the offer 
will be open and description of the 
application process: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Description 
of 
the 
application 
process: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[The [minimum]/[maximum] amount of 
application which can be subscribed by the 
relevant Investors is [ ]] [There is no 
[minimum]/[maximum] 
amount 
of 
application] [Not Applicable] [] 
 
(g) 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Details of method and time limits for 
paying 
up 
and 
delivering 
the 
Products: 
[] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 490 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
489 
 
 
(i) 
Manner in and date on which results 
of the offer are to be made public: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Whether 
tranche(s) 
have 
been 
reserved for certain countries: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Process for notification to applicants 
of the amount allotted and indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser: 
[] [Not Applicable]  
 
(m) 
Name(s) and address(es), legal entity 
identifier, domicile, legal form and 
country of incorporation, to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in 
the various countries where the offer 
takes place: 
[] [Not Applicable]  
7. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
 
[Include if applicable: [Specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal name] [repeat 
as necessary]. [As at the date of these Final Terms, [administrator legal name] [appears]/[does 
not appear] [repeat as necessary] in the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.] [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that [administrator legal name] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
Information in relation with ESG/sustainability features 
 
ESG Product: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer] 
By: ……………………………………….  
Duly authorised4] 
 
4  
Include if Euroclear Sweden is selected as a Relevant Clearing System.

--- Page 491 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
490 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
The Pricing Supplement for each Series will include such of the following information as is applicable 
with respect to such Products. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The [Products] are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Products or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Products or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
PRICING SUPPLEMENT TERMS DATED [] 
 
LEONTEQ SECURITIES AG 
(incorporated in Switzerland) 
[acting through its Guernsey branch (Leonteq Securities AG, Guernsey Branch)] 
[acting through its Amsterdam branch (Leonteq Securities AG, Amsterdam Branch)] 
[Legal Entity Identifier: []] 
[Up 
to] 
[

] 
[[Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
with 
European 
Barrier 
[with 
[(Return)]/[(Protection)]/[(Optimal 
Tracker)]/[(Inverse 
Participation 
[and 
High 
Strike])]/[Increased Downside Risk]]]/[Yield Enhancement Products with American Barrier [with 
[(Return)]/[(Protection)]/[(Inverse Participation [and High Strike])]/[Increased Downside 
Risk][Yield Enhancement Products without Barrier [[(Inverse) with High Strike]/[with Downside 
Participation]]]]/[Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
with 
Stability 
Note]/[Twin 
Win 
with 
[European]/[American] Barrier ([Bullish]/[Bearish])]/[Fixed Redemption Products]/[Protection 
Products [with]/[without] [Barrier [and Strike Event]/[and Upside Protection]]/[Twin Win [and 
Low Strike ]]]/[Bonus Products [(European Barrier)]/[(European Barrier with Upside 
Participation)]/[(European Barrier with Downside Participation)]/[(European Barrier with Bonus 
Cap)]/[(American 
Barrier 
with 
Upside 
Participation 
and 
Normal 
Performance 
Participation)]/[(American Barrier with Upside Participation)]/[(American Barrier with Upside 
Participation and Downside Participation)]/[(American Barrier with Bonus Cap)]/[(American 
Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside Cap)]]]/[Reverse Convertible Products (Single 
Underlying)]/[Reverse Convertible Products (Basket of Underlyings)]/[Reverse Convertible 
Product (Spread Underlying)]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with European 
Barrier]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with American Barrier]/[Barrier Reverse 
Convertible Products with European Barrier and Participation]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products with American Barrier and Participation]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with 
Leverage Downside]/[Dual Currency Product[with Upside in Investment Currency]/[with Upside 
in Alternative Currency Payout]]/[Tracker Product [(Single Underlying with Quanto FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with Quanto FX and no Dividends)]/[( Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption)]/[(Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with Composite FX and no 
Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with Composite FX (Notional Units))]/[(Single Underlying with no

--- Page 492 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
491 
 
FX and no Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units))]/[(Single Underlying with 
High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption)]/[( 
Single Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption)]/[(Single Underlying with 
High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and no Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with High Watermark 
Redemption with Composite FX (Notional Units))]/[Single Underlying with High Watermark 
Redemption with no FX and no Dividends]/[(Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with no FX (Notional Units))]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at 
Redemption)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Basket 
of Underlyings with Quanto FX and no Dividends)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX 
and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends at 
Redemption)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and no Dividends)]/[(Basket of 
Underlyings with no FX and no Dividends)]]/[Discount Product]/[Leverage Product [(Call 
Warrant Product[with Lock-In Feature]/[with High Watermark Redemption])]/[(Put Warrant 
Product)]/[(Call Knock-Out Warrant Product)]/[(Put Knock-Out Warrant Product)]/[(Bullish 
Mini Future Product)]/[(Bearish Mini Future Product)]]/[Outperformance Product with 
Participation]/[Participation Certificate with Airbag feauture]/[Long/Short Product[with no 
Management Fee Deduction]/[with Management Fee Deduction]/[with Outperformance 
Particiaption]]/[Dispersion 
Products]/[Steepener 
Product 
with 
Spread 
(Note 
or 
Certificate)]/[Steepener Product with Accrual Steepener (Warrant)]/[Steepener Product with 
Single Look (Warrant)]] due [] under the European Issuance and Offering Programme [the 
["[Certificates]/[Notes]" or the] "Products"]/[The Products are TCM Secured Products]/[(to be 
consolidated and to form a single series with the [] Products due [], and issued on [][, the [] 
Products due [], and issued on []] [and the [] Products due [], and issued on []] under the 
European Issuance and Offering Programme (the Tranche [ ] Products [and Tranche [ ] 
Products]))] 
[Issue Price: [] [per cent. of the [Issue Size]/[Specified Denomination]/[Notional Amount]]/[per 
Certificate]] 
[ISIN: []] 
[Series: []] 
[Tranche: []] 
[Terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the General Conditions, the Payout Conditions 
and the applicable Underlying Specific Conditions (as may be amended and/or supplemented up to, and 
including, [insert Issue Date] set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 24 June 2021 [and the supplement(s) 
dated [insert the date(s) for supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] to the Base Prospectus]) (the "Base 
Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Products described herein. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the [Products] is only available on the basis of the combination 
of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus [(as supplemented)]. The Base Prospectus and any 
supplements to the Base Prospectus are available for inspection during the usual business hours at 
[Leonteq Securities AG, Europaallee 39, Zurich, Switzerland. In addition thereto, the documents will be 
published in electronic form on the website www.leonteq.com and [[insert if admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF] on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu)]. 
This Pricing Supplement does not constitute final terms for the purposes of Article 6(3) of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The Issuer is not offering the Products in any 
jurisdiction in circumstances which would require a prospectus pursuant to the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. Nor is any person authorised to make such an offer of the Products on behalf of the Issuer 
nor the Lead Manager in any jurisdiction. In addition, no application has been made (nor is it proposed 
that any application will be made) for listing the Products on a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU). 
The Products documented in this Pricing Supplement may be considered structured products in 
Switzerland pursuant to Article 70 of the Swiss Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018 ("FinSA") and 
are not subject to supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA"). None

--- Page 493 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
492 
 
of the Products constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the 
Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006 ("CISA") and are neither subject to the authorisation 
nor the supervision by the FINMA and investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection 
provided under the CISA. Investors bear the credit risk of the Issuer. 
[Insert for each offer in Switzerland. Note that Exempt Products may not be offered to Retail Clients in 
Switzerland.] [The Products documented in this Pricing Supplement are not being offered, sold or 
advertised, directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland to retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -
kunden) within the meaning of FinSA ("Retail Clients"). Neither this Pricing Supplement nor any 
offering materials relating to the Products may be available to Retail Clients in or from Switzerland. The 
offering of the Products directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland is only made by way of private 
placement by addressing the Products solely at investors classified as professional clients (professionelle 
Kunden) or institutional clients (institutionelle Kunden) within the meaning of FinSA ("Professional or 
Institutional Clients").]  
[This Pricing Supplement relates to each series of Products as set out in the table entitled 'Specific 
Provisions for each Series' below. References herein to "Products" shall be deemed to be references to 
the relevant Series of Products that are subject to this Pricing Supplement and references to "Product" 
shall be construed accordingly.]

--- Page 494 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
493 
 
 
(Where the Pricing Supplement covers two or more series of Products, the table below should be completed for all variables which will differ across the different series. The 
relevant line item for any such variable contained in the Pricing Supplement below the table entitled 'Specified Provisions for each Series' should include the following 
language: "In respect of each Series, as specified in the table set out in 'Specific Provisions for each Series' above") 
[SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES 
ISIN 
[Common 
Code]/[Insert 
other security 
code] 
[Series] 
[Settlement 
Currency]/ 
[Investment 
Currency] 
[Issue Size at 
the Issue Date] 
[Redemption 
Date] 
[Insert other 
variable which 
will differ 
across different 
series] 
[Insert other 
variable which 
will differ 
across different 
series] 
[Insert other 
variable which 
will differ 
across different 
series] 
[Insert other 
variable which 
will differ 
across different 
series] 
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]

--- Page 495 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
494 
 
PART A - OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Security Codes: 
 
 
ISIN: 
[] 
 
Common Code: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
WKN Number: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Swiss Security Number: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Other Identifier: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
2. 
Relevant Clearing System(s) [and the 
relevant identification number(s)]: 
[Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
[SIS [– identification number []]] (specify 
other; 
give 
name(s), 
address(es) 
and 
identification number(s)) 
[] 
3. 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
PART B – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Provisions relating to the Products 
4. 
(a) 
Series: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Products shall be consolidated and form 
a single series with the Tranche [] Products[, 
the Tranche [] Products] [and the Tranche [
] Products] but shall not be fungible with the 
Tranche [ ] Products [, the Tranche [ ] 
Products] [and the Tranche [ ] Products] 
until such time as the clearing systems 
recognise the Products to be fungible with the 
Tranche [ ] Products[, the Tranche [ ] 
Products] [and the Tranche [] Products].] 
5. 
[Settlement Currency]/[Investment 
Currency]: 
[ ] [Investment Currency should only be 
chosen where Dual Currency Products is 
Applicable.]  
6. 
Products: 
[Notes]/[Certificates]/[Having the form of 
Certificates but entitled "Warrants"] 
7. 
Notes: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(a) 
Issue Size as at the Issue Date: 
[Up to] [] 
 
(i) 
Tranche: 
[[Up to] []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Series: 
[[Up to] []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Specified Denomination: 
[]

--- Page 496 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
495 
 
 
(c) 
Minimum Tradable Lot: 
[] 
8. 
Certificates: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(a) 
[Insert for Unit Certificates: Number 
of Products]/[Insert for Notional 
Certificates: Issue Size as at the Issue 
Date]: 
[Up to] [] [Certificates] 
 
(i) 
Tranche: 
[[Up to] [] [Certificates]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Series: 
[[Up to] [] [Certificates]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
[Notional Amount:] 
[ ] (Insert for Notional Certificates, 
otherwise delete) 
 
(c) 
Minimum Tradable Lot: 
[[] Certificate[s]] [Not Applicable] 
9. 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
10. 
Issue Price: 
[[Up to] [ ] per cent. of the [Issue 
Size]/[Specified 
Denomination]/[Notional 
Amount] [plus accrued interest from []] / 
[[Up to] [ ] per Certificate [plus accrued 
interest from []]] 
11. 
Issue Date: 
[] 
12. 
Redemption Date: 
[]/[[] Business Days following the [Final 
Fixing Date]/[later of (a) the Final Fixing 
Date and (b) the Settlement FX Fixing 
Date][(or if such date falls on different dates 
for different Underlyings, the latest of such 
dates to occur)]]/[Insert for Open Ended 
Tracker Products: As specified in item 30 
(Tracker Products) below] 
13. 
TCM Secured Product: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Only SIX SIS Securities can be TCM Secured 
Products. Not Applicable for Products that 
are not SIX SIS Securities) 
14. 
Interest Record Date: 
[[] Business Days prior to [the scheduled 
payment date for the relevant interest 
amount]/[the first day on which the Product 
is quoted without the entitlement to the 
payment 
of 
the 
relevant 
interest 
amount]]/[Not Applicable] 
15. 
FX Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable please delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Currency: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
16. 
CNY FX Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable please delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 497 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
496 
 
 
- 
CNY Financial Centre(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Specified Currency: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
17. 
Unwind Costs: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable]  
18. 
Settlement Expenses: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable]  
19. 
US Tax Selling Restriction: 
[TEFRA C]/[TEFRA D]/[Not Applicable]  
20. 
Section 871(m) Withholding Tax: 
[The Issuer has determined (without regard to 
any other transactions) that payments on the 
Products should not be subject to US 
withholding tax under 871(m)] / [The Issuer 
has determined that payments on the Products 
are subject to US withholding tax under 
section 871(m)5] / [Not Applicable]  
Provisions relating to Payouts 
21. 
Partial Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Partial Redemption Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[As specified in the table 
below] 
 
- 
Partial Redemption Amount(s): 
[In respect of [each Partial Redemption 
Date]/[the 
Partial 
Redemption 
Date 
scheduled to fall on []], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Partial 
Redemption Date)] / 
[As specified in the table below: 
Partial Redemption 
Date(s): 
Partial Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[] 
[] 
(Repeat as 
necessary) 
(Repeat as 
necessary) 
] 
22. 
Payout Style: 
[Yield Enhancement Products]/[Twin Win 
Products]/[Fixed 
Redemption 
Products]/[Protection 
Products]/[Bonus 
Products]/[Reverse 
Convertible 
Product]/[Barrier 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Products]/[Dual Currency Product]/[Tracker 
Product]/[Discount 
Product]/[Leverage 
Product]/[Outperformance 
Product]/[Long/Short 
Product]/[Dispersion 
Products]/[Steepener Product] 
 
5  
If Euroclear Sweden registered Products are issued, Section 871(m) Withholding Tax must be "The Issuer has determined (without regard 
to any other transactions) that payments on the Products should not be subject to US withholding tax under 871(m)" or "Not Applicable".

--- Page 498 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
497 
 
23. 
Yield Enhancement Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Yield Enhancement Product Style: 
[European Barrier]/[European Barrier with 
Return]/[European 
Barrier 
with 
Protection]/[European Barrier with Optimal 
Tracker]/[European Barrier with Inverse 
Participation]/[European Barrier with Inverse 
Participation and High Strike]/[European 
Barrier 
with 
Increased 
Downside 
Risk]/[American Barrier]/[American Barrier 
with 
Return]/[American 
Barrier 
with 
Protection]/[American Barrier with Inverse 
Participation]/[American 
Barrier 
with 
Inverse 
Participation 
and 
High 
Strike]/[American Barrier with Increased 
Downside Risk]/[Without Barrier]/[Without 
Barrier (Inverse) with High Strike]/[Without 
Barrier 
with 
Downside 
Participation]/[Stability Note]  
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
FX Performance: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph if Not Applicable) 
 
 
[- 
FX Rate (Initial): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [●]

--- Page 499 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
498 
 
[on the Initial Fixing Date [of such 
Underlying]]. 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
 
[Price Source: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], for 
the purposes of determining the FX Rate, [
]. 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
 
FX Rate Valuation Time: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], for 
the purposes of determining the FX Rate, [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)] 
 
(g) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Multiple Coupon Sets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[In respect of "Coupon Payment Date Set [
]":] [], [] and [] (Repeat as necessary for 
each Set of Coupon Payment Dates (the first 
set being 'Coupon Payment Date Set 1'))]/[[In 
respect of each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates, each][Each] date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the 
Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
 
(iii) 
Conditional Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set [] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates)]]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Conditional Coupon 
Style: 
[In respect of Coupon Payment Date Set [
]][Specified Conditional Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon]/[Layered 
Memory 
Coupon]/[Layered Coupon]  
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(B) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date [in Coupon Payment Date Set []], [] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]/[In 
respect of a Coupon Payment Date [in a Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates], [the]/[each] rate 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Rate' in the row corresponding to such 
Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table [for such Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates] below]

--- Page 500 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
499 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(C) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date [in Coupon 
Payment Date Set []] [each of [], [] and [
]]/[]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying 
and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date [in a Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates], each date 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(D) 
Coupon 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[ ]] and [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
and each Set of Coupon Payment Dates) 
 
(E) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the Coupon 
Trigger Level on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of all Underlyings [excluding the Target One 
Underlying]] 
[are]/[is] 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[their 
respective] Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level 
on the relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(F) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[]], [] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [
] per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]

--- Page 501 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
500 
 
of the [Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level] [of such Underlying]]  
(If the Conditional Coupon Style is specified 
as Layered Memory Coupon or Layered 
Coupon, repeat as necessary for each 
Coupon Trigger Level) 
(Repeat as necessary for Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
a Coupon Observation Date [corresponding 
to a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], 
[the]/[each] 
percentage 
of 
the 
[Strike 
Level]/[Initial Fixing [Basket] Level] as 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Trigger [Basket] Level' in the row[s] 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table [for such 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date [in Coupon Payment Date Set []], [
]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date 
[falling in a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], 
the amount set forth in the column entitled 
'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount(s)' in 
the same row as such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table [for Coupon Payment Date Set []]*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns: 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 'Coupon Trigger Level', 
'Coupon Trigger Basket Level' or 'Coupon Rate'. Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates) 
 
(h) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall Redemption 
Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount

--- Page 502 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
501 
 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below]/[Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount 
plus 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount]/[High 
Watermark Autocallable] 
(Delete the two sub-paragraphs immediately 
below unless 'Fixed Autocall Redemption 
Amount plus Autocall Coupon Amount' is 
specified) 
 
[- 
Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Fixed 
Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below] 
 
- 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Coupon Amount(s)' in the row corresponding 
to such Autocall Redemption Date in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below]] 
 
(Delete the below sub-paragraph unless 'High Watermark Autocallable' is specified) 
 
[- 
Minimum Early 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date]/[Autocall Observation 
Period], the date set forth in column entitled 
'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying [each of 
[], [] and []]/[]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Observation 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable. [Each of the 
following: 
[From, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] [ ] to, [and including]/[but 
excluding] []] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Autocall Observation Period)]/[Each period 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Observation Period(s)' in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below]]

--- Page 503 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
502 
 
 
(v) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the Autocall 
Trigger Level [on the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date]/[in respect of any Autocall 
Period Observation Date falling in the 
relevant Autocall Observation Period]] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of all Underlyings [excluding the Target One 
Underlying]] 
[are]/[is] 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[their 
respective] Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level 
[on the relevant Autocall Observation 
Date]/[in respect of any Common Autocall 
Period Observation Date falling in the 
relevant Autocall Observation Period]] 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each [Autocall Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Period Observation Date] 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] 
on 
such 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Period Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vii) 
Autocall Trigger [Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each [Autocall Observation Date]/[Autocall 
Observation Period], [] per cent.[, subject to 
a minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [] per cent.]] of the [Strike Level/Initial 
Fixing 
[Basket] 
Level 
[of 
such 
Underlying]]/[In respect of [the]/[each] 
Underlying[s] and an [Autocall Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Observation Period], the 
percentage of the [Strike Level]/[Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level] as specified in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Trigger [Basket] 
Level' in the row corresponding to such 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Date]/[Autocall 
Observation Period]] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation [Date]/[Period](s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate)

--- Page 504 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
503 
 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption 
Amount', 'Autocall Trigger Basket Amount', 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall 
Coupon Amount') 
 
(i) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert 
for 
American 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products: [Barrier Fixing 
[Basket] Level [of [the Underlying[s]]/[at 
least one Underlying] [excluding the Target 
One 
Underlying]] 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[its]/[its 
respective] Barrier [Basket] Level on any 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date 
[for 
such 
Underlying] 
falling 
in 
the 
Barrier 
Observation Period]]/[Multichance Barrier 
Event]  
[Insert 
for 
European 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement 
Products: 
[Final 
Fixing 
[Basket] Level of [the Underlying[s]]/[at 
least one Underlying [excluding the Target 
One 
Underlying]] 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[its]/[its 
respective] Barrier [Basket] Level] [and none 
of the Underlyings are [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its respective 
Target Level]]/[Multichance Barrier Event] 
[Insert for Yield Enhancement Without 
Barrier Products: Not Applicable] 
[Insert for Stability Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: Stability Performance Level is 
[below]/[at or below] the Stability Disruption 
Barrier 
Percentage 
on 
any 
Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period 
 
(Delete the remaining two sub-paragraphs of this paragraph unless Barrier Event is specified 
as 'Multichance Barrier Event') 
 
[- 
Multichance Barrier 
Event: 
[Insert 
for 
American 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products: [In respect of any 
Barrier Observation Date falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period, the Barrier 
Fixing Level of a number of Underlyings at 
least equal to the Specified Multichance 
Barrier 
Number 
of 
Underlyings 
are 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
their respective Barrier Levels]/[If the 
number of Underlyings in respect of which 
the Barrier Fixing Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date in the Barrier Observation 
Period 
has 
been 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respect 
Barrier Levels is at least equal to the 
Specified Multichance Barrier Number of 
Underlyings]]

--- Page 505 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
504 
 
[Insert 
for 
European 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products: Final Fixing Level of 
a number of Underlyings at least equal to the 
Specified Multichance Barrier Number of 
Underlyings 
are 
[[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respective 
Barrier Levels] 
 
- 
Specified 
Multichance Barrier 
Number of 
Underlyings: 
[Insert a number greater than 1 and less than 
the total number of Underlyings in the 
basket]] 
 
(Delete the remaining three sub-paragraphs of this paragraph for European Barrier Yield 
Enhancement Products or Yield Enhancement Without Barrier Products) 
 
[- 
Barrier Fixing Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange Trading Day]/[Reference 
Market Business Day]/[Business Day] falling 
in the Barrier Observation Period  
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(ii) 
[Barrier 
[Basket] 
Level]/[Insert for Stability 
Note 
Yield 
Enhancement 
Products: 
Stability 
Disruption 
Barrier 
Percentage]: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level [of such 
Underlying] 
[Insert for Yield Enhancement Without 
Barrier Products: Not Applicable] 
[Insert for Stability Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: [Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 506 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
505 
 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level is required for Autocall Trigger Basket 
Level, Barrier Basket Level, Coupon Trigger 
Basket Level, Final Performance, Strike 
Basket Level or Twin Win Event) 
 
(iv) 
Target Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying] / 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert 
for 
American 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
or 
Yield 
Enhancement Without Barrier Products that 
are linked to a single Underlying: Final 
Fixing 
Level 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the [Strike 
Barrier Level]] 
[Insert 
for 
American 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
or 
Yield 
Enhancement Without Barrier Products that 
are linked to a basket of Underlyings: Final 
Fixing [Basket] Level [of the [Worst] [Best] 
Performing Underlying] [excluding the 
Target One Underlying] is [below]/[at or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[its 
respective] Strike Barrier [Basket] Level] 
[Insert 
for 
European 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products: Not Applicable – 
Products 
are 
European 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products] 
[Insert for Stability Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: Not Applicable – Products are 
Stability Note Yield Enhancement Products] 
 
[- 
Strike 
Barrier 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying]/[the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying]/[the 
Strike Level of such Underlying]] 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
of the Initial Fixing Basket Level]/[The 
Initial Fixing Basket Level]/[The Strike 
Basket Level]] 
(If not required for definition of Strike Event 
delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
(vi) 
Final Performance: 
[Final Fixing [Basket] Level divided by the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level]/[Final Fixing 
[Basket] Level divided by the Strike [Basket] 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level ([Worst]/[Best]) 
divided 
by 
the 
Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best])]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level

--- Page 507 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
506 
 
([Worst]/[Best]) divided by the Strike Level 
([Worst]/[Best])]  
[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Final Return: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: (Final Fixing Level – Strike 
Level)/Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – 
Strike Level (Worst))/Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[(Initial Fixing Level (Best) – Strike 
Level (Best))/Initial Fixing Level (Best)] 
[Insert for Products other than European 
Barrier with Return, American Barrier with 
Return and Without Barrier with Downside 
Participation: Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Strike [Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level [of such 
Underlying]]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Lock-In Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Lock-In Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Lock-In Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Lock-In 
Barrier Level on the relevant Lock-In 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [A Common Lock-In Event has 
occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation 
Date. Where "Common Lock-In Event" 
means the Lock-In Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings 
are 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respective 
Lock-In Barrier Level on the relevant Lock-
In Observation Date.]/[A Single Lock-In 
Event has occurred in respect of each 
Underlying]. Where "Single Lock-In Event" 
means the Lock-In Fixing Level of an 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its respective 
Lock-In Barrier Level on any Lock-In 
Observation Date.] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Lock-In Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [
], [] and [] 
 
- 
Lock-In Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant

--- Page 508 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
507 
 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Lock-In Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each Lock-In Observation Date, [ ] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying] 
 
(x) 
Target One Event 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Target One 
Underlying: 
[Insert 
name 
of 
Underlying]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
- 
Target One Event: 
[Final Fixing Level of the Target One 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Target One 
Barrier Level] 
[Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying 
is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
its respective Target One Barrier Level] 
[Target One Fixing Level of the Target One 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Target One 
Barrier Level] 
[Target One Fixing Level of at least one 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its respective 
Target One Barrier Level] 
 
 
(Delete following 3 sub-paragraphs if Not 
Applicable or if not required for the definition 
of Target One Event) 
 
[- 
Target One Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Target One Barrier 
Observation Date and [Insert name of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference

--- Page 509 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
508 
 
Rate] 
on 
such 
Target 
One 
Barrier 
Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Target One Barrier 
Observation Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange Trading Day]/[Reference 
Market Business Day]/[Business Day] falling 
in the Target One Barrier Observation Period 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Target One Barrier 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
- 
Target One Barrier 
Level: 
In 
respect 
of 
[the 
Target 
One 
Underlying]/[Insert the name of the relevant 
Underlying]/[each Underlying], [ ] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Target One 
Underlying] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(xi) 
Participation Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [ ] per 
cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Protection Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [ ] per 
cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Downside Participation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Always Applicable for European Barrier 
with Return, American Barrier with Return 
and 
Without 
Barrier 
with 
Downside 
Participation and an option for European 
Barrier with Inverse Participation) 
(If Not Applicable delete the below sub-
paragraph) 
 
- 
Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
 
(xiv) 
Final Redemption 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [[ ] per 
cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only Applicable for European Barrier with 
Increased Downside Risk, European Barrier 
with Return and American Barrier with 
Increased Downside Risk)

--- Page 510 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
509 
 
 
(xv) 
Target Level: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [ ] per 
cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date: 
[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [
], [] and []/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Inverse Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [ ] per 
cent.]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(xviii) Strike Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [ ] per 
cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Cap Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
X: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Leverage Factor: 
[Indicatively, ][] [, subject to a minimum of 
[ ] [and a maximum of [ ]]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Y: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable 
- 
the 
Settlement Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not 
applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The 
Worst Performing Underlying]/[The Best 
Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bullish Products]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in 
the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent.

--- Page 511 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
510 
 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
 (If not required for definition of Settlement 
Initial Level delete this sub-paragraph and 
the following sub-paragraphs as required for 
the definition of Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked 
to a basket of Underlyings and at least one 
(but not all) Underlyings are denominated in 
the Settlement Currency:, provided that in 
respect of [Insert each Underlying that is 
denominated in the Settlement Currency: [], 
[] and [] the Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 
(one).] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Issue 
Terms 
or 
if 
the 
currency 
of 
denomination of the Delivery Underlying is 
the Settlement Currency. If the Delivery 
Underlying is 'Worst Performing Underlying' 
or 'Best Performing Underlying' and at least 
one underlying is denominated in a currency 
other than the Settlement Currency, this 
should be 'Applicable')

--- Page 512 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
511 
 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
24. 
Twin Win Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Twin Win Product Style: 
[European 
Barrier 
(Bullish)]/[European 
Barrier 
(Bearish)]/[American 
Barrier 
(Bullish)]/[American Barrier (Bearish)] 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement [or Cash Settlement]] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] [per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 513 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
512 
 
 
(i) 
Conditional 
Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Conditional Coupon 
Style: 
[Specified Conditional Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon] 
 
(B) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date, [] per cent.][, subject to a minimum of 
[] per cent. [and a maximum of [] per 
cent.]]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment 
Date, the rate specified in the column entitled 
'Coupon Rate' in the row corresponding to 
such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(C) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in 
the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(D) 
Coupon Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date [each of [], 
[] and []]/[]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment 
Date, each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(E) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(F) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the Coupon 
Trigger Level on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of all Underlyings] [is]/[are] [below]/[at or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[their 
respective] Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level 
on the relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
 
(G) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each Coupon Observation Date, [ ] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent.

--- Page 514 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
513 
 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level [of such 
Underlying]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
a Coupon Observation Date, the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level as 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] 
Level' 
in 
the 
rows 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in 
the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(B) 
Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date, []]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment 
Date, the amount set forth in the column 
entitled 
'Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Amount(s)' in the same row as such Coupon 
Payment Date in the Coupon Payment Table 
below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns: 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 'Coupon 
Trigger Level', "Coupon Trigger Basket Level" or 'Coupon Rate') 
 
(g) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below]/[Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount 
plus Autocall Coupon Amount] (Delete 
remaining sub-paragraphs unless 'Fixed 
Autocall Redemption Amount plus Autocall 
Coupon Amount' is specified) 
 
- 
Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each]Autocall 
Redemption Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Fixed 
Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption

--- Page 515 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
514 
 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below] 
 
- 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Coupon Amount(s)' in the row corresponding 
to such Autocall Redemption Date in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying, [ 
]/[each of [], [] and []]]/[In respect of 
[an]/[the] Underlying each date specified in 
the column entitled 'Autocall Observation 
Date(s)' in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the Autocall 
Trigger Level on the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of all Underlyings] [are]/[is] [below]/[at or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[their 
respective] Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level 
on the relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger [Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each Autocall Observation Date, [ ] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level [of such 
Underlying]]/[In respect of [the]/[each] 
Underlying[s] and an Autocall Observation

--- Page 516 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
515 
 
Date, the percentage of the Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level as specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level' in 
the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Trigger Basket 
Level', 'Autocall Redemption Amount', 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall 
Coupon Amount') 
 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if American Barrier Twin Win 
Products: Barrier Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
[the 
Underlying[s]]/[at 
least 
one 
Underlying]] 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[its]/[its 
respective] Barrier [Basket] Level on any 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date 
[for 
such 
Underlying] 
falling 
in 
the 
Barrier 
Observation Period] 
[Insert if European Barrier Twin Win 
Products:  Final Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
[the 
Underlying[s]]/[at 
least 
one 
Underlying]] 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[its 
respective] Barrier [Basket] Level] (If 
Product is a European Barrier Twin Win 
Product 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Barrier Fixing Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange Trading Day]/[Reference 
Market Business Day]/[Business Day] falling 
in the Barrier Observation Period

--- Page 517 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
516 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level [of such 
Underlying] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level is required for Autocall Basket 
Performance, Autocall Trigger Basket Level, 
Barrier Basket Level, Coupon Trigger Basket 
Level, Final Performance, Strike Basket 
Level or Strike Barrier Basket Level) 
 
(iv) 
Twin Win Event: 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [below]/[at 
or below] the Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a basket 
of Underlyings: Final Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of 
[at 
least 
one 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlyings]/[the [Worst]/[Best] Performing 
Underlying]] is [below]/[at or below] 
[the]/[its respective] Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level] 
 
- 
Twin Win 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
 
(v) 
Final Performance: 
[Final Fixing [Basket] Level divided by the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level]/[Final Fixing 
[Basket] Level divided by the Strike [Basket] 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level ([Worst]/[Best]) 
divided 
by 
the 
Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best])]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best]) divided by the Strike Level 
([Worst]/[Best])] 
 
[- 
Strike [Basket] Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level [of such 
Underlying]] (If not required for definition of 
Final 
Performance 
delete 
this 
sub-
paragraph) 
 
(v) 
Inverse Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [ ] per 
cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable for all Products other than 
European Barrier (Bearish) and American 
Barrier (Bearish))

--- Page 518 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
517 
 
 
(vi) 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Cap Percentage: 
[] per cent. 
 
(vii) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floor Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
 
(i) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable 
- 
the 
Settlement Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not 
applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The 
Worst Performing Underlying]/[The Best 
Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bullish Products]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in 
the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]]  
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]]

--- Page 519 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
518 
 
(If not required for definition of Settlement 
Initial Level delete this and the following sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked 
to a basket of Underlyings and at least one 
(but not all) Underlyings are denominated in 
the Settlement Currency:, provided that in 
respect of [Insert each Underlying that is 
denominated in the Settlement Currency: [], 
[] and [] the Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 
(one).] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Issue 
Terms 
or 
if 
the 
currency 
of 
denomination of the Delivery Underlying is 
the Settlement Currency. If the Delivery 
Underlying is 'Worst Performing Underlying' 
or 'Best Performing Underlying' and at least 
one underlying is denominated in a currency 
other than the Settlement Currency, this 
should be 'Applicable') 
 
 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []]

--- Page 520 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
519 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
25. 
Fixed Redemption Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(c) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[Specified Conditional Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date, [] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of 
[] per cent. [and a maximum of [] per 
cent.]]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment 
Date, the rate specified in the column entitled 
'Coupon Rate' in the row corresponding to 
such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Payment Dates: 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in 
the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon Observation Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date []/[each of [
], [] and []]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment 
Date, each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(v) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the

--- Page 521 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
520 
 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Coupon Trigger Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the 
Coupon Trigger Level on the relevant 
Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Coupon Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level on the 
relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
 
(vii) 
Coupon Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each Coupon Observation Date, [ ] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]] 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and a 
Coupon Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Trigger Level' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Coupon Trigger Level' or 'Coupon Rate') 
 
(d) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[each]/[the] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below]

--- Page 522 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
521 
 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying, [ 
]/[each of [], [] and []]]/[In respect of 
[an]/[the] Underlying each date specified in 
the column entitled 'Autocall Observation 
Date(s)' in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the 
Autocall Trigger Level on the relevant 
Autocall Observation Date] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level on the 
relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each Autocall Observation Date, [ ] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]/[In 
respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and an 
Autocall Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Trigger Level' in 
the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate)

--- Page 523 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
522 
 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level' or 'Autocall Redemption 
Amount') 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Protection Percentage: 
[] per cent. 
26. 
Protection Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Protection Product Style: 
[Protection with Barrier]/[Protection with 
Twin Win]/[Protection with Twin Win and 
Low Strike]/[Protection with Barrier and 
Strike Event]/[Protection with Barrier and 
Upside Participation]/[Protection without 
Barrier] 
 
(b) 
Product Direction: 
[Bullish]/[Bearish]/[Absolute] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
– 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
– 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
– 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
– 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] [per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[Specified Conditional Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date, [] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of 
[] per cent. [and a maximum of [] per 
cent.]]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment 
Date, the rate specified in the column entitled 
'Coupon Rate' in the row corresponding to

--- Page 524 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
523 
 
such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Payment Dates: 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in 
the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon Observation Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date each of [], [
] and [ ]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment 
Date, each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(v) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Coupon Trigger Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying and Product Direction is Bearish 
or Bullish: Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Coupon 
Trigger Level on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is 
Bearish or Bullish: Coupon Fixing Level of 
all 
Underlyings 
are 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respective 
Coupon Trigger Level on the relevant 
Coupon Observation Date] 
 
(vii) 
Coupon Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each Coupon Observation Date, [ ] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and a 
Coupon Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Trigger Level' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table below]

--- Page 525 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
524 
 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Coupon Trigger Level' or 'Coupon Rate') 
 
(g) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption 
Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the 
column 
entitled 
'Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Redemption Date in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [
], [ ] and [ ]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying and Product Direction is Bearish 
or Bullish: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Autocall 
Trigger Level on the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is 
Bearish or Bullish: Autocall Fixing Level of 
all 
Underlyings 
are 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respective 
Autocall Trigger Level on the relevant 
Autocall Observation Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen

--- Page 526 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
525 
 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each Autocall Observation Date, [ ] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]/[In 
respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and an 
Autocall Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Trigger Level' in 
the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date(s) 
 
[] 
(insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level' or 'Autocall Redemption 
Amount') 
 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if Product is linked to a single 
Underlying and Product Direction is Bearish 
or Bullish: [Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Barrier 
Level]/[Barrier 
Fixing 
Level 
of 
the 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Barrier 
Level on any Barrier Observation Date 
falling in the Barrier Observation Period]] 
[Insert if Product is linked to a single 
Underlying 
and 
Product 
Direction 
is 
Absolute: [Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [[above]/[at or above] the 
Upper Barrier Level] or [[below]/[at or 
below] the Lower Barrier Level]]] / [Barrier 
Fixing Level of the Underlying is [[above]/[at 
or above] the Upper Barrier Level] or 
[[below]/[at or below] the Lower Barrier 
Level]] on any Barrier Observation Date 
falling in the Barrier Observation Period] 
[Insert if Product is linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is 
Bearish or Bullish: [Final Fixing Basket 
Level is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or 
below] the Barrier Basket Level]/[Final 
Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] its 
respective Barrier Level]/[Final Fixing Level 
of the Best Performing Underlying is

--- Page 527 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
526 
 
[below]/[at or below] its respective Barrier 
Level]/[Barrier Fixing Basket Level is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period]/[Barrier Fixing Level of 
at least one Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its respective 
Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation 
Date falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period] 
[Insert if Product is linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is 
Absolute: [Final Fixing Basket Level of the 
[Worst]/[Best] Performing Underlying is 
[[above]/[at or above] the Upper Barrier 
Basket Level] or [[below]/[at or below] the 
Lower Barrier Basket Level]] / [Barrier 
Fixing Basket Level is [[above]/[at or above] 
the 
Upper 
Barrier 
Basket 
Level] 
or 
[[below]/[at or below] the Lower Barrier 
Basket Level] on any Barrier Observation 
Date falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period] / [Barrier Fixing Level of at least one 
Underlying is [[above]/[at or above] its 
respective 
Upper 
Barrier 
Level] 
or 
[[below]/[at or below] its respective Lower 
Barrier Level]] on any Barrier Observation 
Date for such Underlying falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs if Not 
Applicable or if not required for the definition 
of Barrier Event) 
 
- 
Barrier Fixing Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the

--- Page 528 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
527 
 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level [of such 
Underlying]] 
[Insert for Protection Without Barrier 
Products: Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Lower Barrier Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]  
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or 
Bullish and for Protection Without Barrier 
Products: Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Upper Barrier Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]  
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or 
Bullish and for Protection Without Barrier 
Products: Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for the 
definition of Barrier Event, a Twin Win 
Event, a Strike Event or for the definition of 
Final Performance) 
 
(vi) 
Strike Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a maximum of [] 
per cent. [and a minimum of [ ] per 
cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] (Only applicable if 
required for Products linked to a weighted 
basket) 
 
(vii) 
Protection Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a maximum of [] 
per cent. [and a minimum of [] per cent.] 
 
(viii) 
Participation Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [ ] per 
cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable for Protection with Twin Win 
Products) 
 
(ix) 
Final Return: 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' or 
'Absolute' and Product is linked to a single 
Underlying: [(Final Fixing Level – Initial 
Fixing Level)/Initial Fixing Level]/[(Final 
Fixing Level – Strike Level)/Initial Fixing 
Level]/[(Final 
Fixing 
Level 
– 
Strike 
Level)/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Initial Fixing 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – 
Strike Level (Worst))/Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – 
Strike 
Level 
(Worst))/Strike 
Level

--- Page 529 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
528 
 
(Worst)]/[Final Basket Return]/[Final Basket 
Return (Strike)] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Absolute' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Initial Fixing 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – 
Strike Level (Worst))/Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – 
Strike 
Level 
(Worst))/Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Best) – Initial 
Fixing Level (Best))/Initial Fixing Level 
(Best)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Best) – Strike 
Level 
(Best))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Best)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Best) – Strike 
Level (Best))/Strike Level (Best)]/[Final 
Basket Return]/[Final Basket Return (Strike)] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a single Underlying: [IP 
– 
(Final 
Fixing 
Level/Initial 
Fixing 
Level)]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level/Strike 
Level)]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[IP – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing 
Level (Best))]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Strike Level (Best))]/[Bearish Final 
Basket Return]/[Bearish Final Basket Return 
(Strike)]] 
[Insert for Protection with Twin Win and Low 
Strike Products: Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Inverse Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
(If not required for definition of Final Return 
delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period

--- Page 530 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
529 
 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Final Return 
delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
- 
Final Return Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Final 
Return 
Cap 
Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [ ] per 
cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Twin Win Event: 
[Insert for Protection with Twin Win Product 
that is linked to a single Underlying: Final 
Fixing Level is [above]/[at or above] Initial 
Fixing Level] 
[Insert for Protection with Twin Win Product 
that is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[Final Fixing Basket Level is [above]/[at or 
above] Initial Fixing Basket Level]/[Final 
Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] its 
respective Initial Fixing Level]/[ Final Fixing 
Level of the Best Performing Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] its respective Initial 
Fixing Level] 
[Insert unless Product is a Protection with 
Twin Win Product: Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Inverse Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
 
(xi) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or 
Bullish and for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [above]/[at

--- Page 531 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
530 
 
or above]/[below]/[at or below] its Strike 
Barrier Level] 
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or 
Bullish for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [Final Fixing Basket Level is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
the Strike Barrier Basket Level]/[Final 
Basket 
Return 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Strike 
Barrier Amount]/[Final Fixing Level of the 
[Worst Performing Underlying is [above]/[at 
or above] its Strike Barrier Level]/[Best 
Performing Underlying is [below]/[at or 
below] its Strike Barrier Level]] 
[Insert for all Products other than 'Protection 
with 
Barrier 
and 
Strike 
Event' 
and 
'Protection without Barrier': Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Strike 
Barrier 
[[Basket] 
Level]/[Amount]: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [[] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying] 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
of the Initial Fixing Basket Level] 
[[][, subject to a minimum of [][and a 
maximum of []]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is Absolute: Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Rebate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Rebate 
Coupon 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
 
(xiii) 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Cap Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
 
(xiv) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floor Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]

--- Page 532 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
531 
 
27. 
Bonus Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Bonus Product Style: 
[European Barrier]/[European Barrier with 
Upside Participation]/[European Barrier with 
Downside Participation]/[European Barrier 
with Bonus Cap]/[American Barrier with 
Upside 
Participation 
and 
Normal 
Performance 
Participation]/[American 
Barrier with Upside Participation]/[American 
Barrier with Upside Participation and 
Downside Participation]/[American Barrier 
with Bonus Cap]/[American Barrier with 
Upside Cap and Downside Cap] 
 
(b) 
Product Direction: 
[Bullish]/[Bearish] 
 
(c) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement] 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(f) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] [per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(g) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Multiple Coupon Sets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[In respect of "Coupon Payment Date Set [
]":] [], [] and [] (Repeat as necessary for 
each Set of Coupon Payment Dates (the first 
set being 'Coupon Payment Date Set 1'))]/[[In 
respect of each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates, each][Each] date set forth in column

--- Page 533 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
532 
 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the 
Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
 
(iii) 
Conditional 
Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set [] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates)]]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Conditional Coupon 
Style: 
[In respect of Coupon Payment Date Set [
]][Specified Conditional Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon]/[Layered 
Memory 
Coupon]/[Layered Coupon] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(B) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date [in Coupon Payment Date Set []] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]]/[In respect 
of a Coupon Payment Date [in a Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates], [the]/[each] rate 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Rate' in the row corresponding to such 
Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table [for such Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(C) 
Coupon Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date [in Coupon 
Payment Date Set []] [each of [], [] and [
]]/[]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying 
and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date [in a Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates], each date 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(D) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[ ]] and [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen

--- Page 534 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
533 
 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
and each Set of Coupon Payment Dates) 
 
(E) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the Coupon 
Trigger Level on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of all Underlyings] [are]/[is] [below]/[at or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[their 
respective] Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level 
on the relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(F) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[]] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
of the [[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level] of 
such Underlying]/[Initial Fixing Basket 
Level] 
(If the Conditional Coupon Style is specified 
as Layered Memory Coupon or Layered 
Coupon, repeat as necessary for each 
Coupon Trigger Level) 
(Repeat as necessary for Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
a Coupon Observation Date [corresponding 
to a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], 
[the]/[each] 
percentage 
of 
the 
[Strike 
Level]/[Initial Fixing [Basket]] Level as 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Trigger [Basket] Level' in the row[s] 
corresponding to such Coupon Observation 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table [for such 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of

--- Page 535 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
534 
 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Coupon 
Trigger Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date [in Coupon Payment Date Set []], [
]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date 
[falling in a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], 
the amount set forth in the column entitled 
'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount(s)' in 
the same row as such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below]

--- Page 536 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
535 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table [for Coupon Payment Date Set []]*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns: 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 'Coupon 
Trigger Level', 'Coupon Trigger Basket Level' or 'Coupon Rate'. Repeat as necessary for each 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates) 
 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert for American Barrier Bonus Products: 
[Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] 
the Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation 
Date 
in 
the 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period]/[Barrier Fixing [Basket] Level [of at 
least one Underlying] is [below]/[at or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[its 
respective]/[the] Barrier [Basket] Level on 
any Barrier Observation Date in the Barrier 
Observation Period] 
[Insert 
for 
European 
Barrier 
Bonus 
Products: [Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the Barrier 
Level]/[Final Fixing [Basket] Level [of at 
least one Underlying] is [below]/[at or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[its 
respective]/[the] Barrier [Basket] Level]] (If 
Products are European Barrier Bonus 
Products 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Barrier Fixing Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange Trading Day]/[Reference

--- Page 537 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
536 
 
Market Business Day]/[Business Day] falling 
in the Barrier Observation Period 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for the 
definition of Barrier Basket Level, Bonus 
Basket Level, Final Performance) 
 
(iv) 
Bonus Event: 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [above]/[at 
or above]/[below]/[at or below] the Bonus 
Level] 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a basket 
of Underlyings unless the Bonus Product 
Style is European Barrier with Bonus Cap or 
American Barrier with Bonus Cap: [Final 
Fixing Level of the [Worst Performing 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]]/[Best 
Performing Underlying is [below]/[at or 
below] its respective Bonus Level]/[Final 
Fixing Basket Level is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Bonus 
Basket Level]] 
[Insert if the Bonus Product Style is European 
Barrier with Bonus Cap or American Barrier 
with Bonus Cap: Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Bonus 
[Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level [of such 
Underlying]] 
 
(v) 
Bonus Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
 
(vi) 
Final Performance: 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level/Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)/Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[Final

--- Page 538 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
537 
 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)/Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial 
Fixing Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Strike Basket Level]/[Final Fixing 
Level 
(Best)/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Best)]/[Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike 
Level (Best)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[IP – (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing 
Level)]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level/Strike 
Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [IP – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Initial Fixing Level (Best))]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike Level 
(Best))]/[IP 
– 
(Final 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket 
Level)]/[Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial 
Fixing Level (Best)]/[Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Strike Level (Best)]] 
[Insert for all Products other than [American 
Barrier with Upside Participation and 
Normal 
Performance 
Participation], 
American Barrier with Upside Participation 
and Downside Participation or American 
Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside Cap: 
Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Final 
Performance 
(Downside): 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level/Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)/Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)/Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial 
Fixing Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Strike Basket Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[IP – (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing 
Level)]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level/Strike 
Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [IP – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Initial Fixing Level (Best))]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike Level 
(Best))]/[IP 
– 
(Final 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level)]/[IP –

--- Page 539 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
538 
 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket 
Level)]] 
 
(viii) 
Final Performance (Upside): 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level/Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Best)/Initial Fixing Level (Best)]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)/Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial 
Fixing Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Strike Basket Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[IP – (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing 
Level)]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level/Strike 
Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [IP – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Initial Fixing Level (Best))]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike Level 
(Best))]/[IP 
– 
(Final 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket 
Level)]] 
[Insert for European Barrier with Bonus Cap 
and American Barrier with Bonus Cap: Not 
Applicable] 
 
[- 
Inverse Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph if not required for 
the definition of Final Performance, Final 
Performance 
(Downside) 
or 
Final 
Performance (Upside)) 
 
(ix) 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Upside 
Cap 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
 
(x) 
Outperformance Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Outperformance 
Upside 
Cap 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]

--- Page 540 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
539 
 
 
(xi) 
Normal Performance Upside 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Normal Performance 
Upside 
Cap 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
 
(xii) 
Upside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [ ] per 
cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
European Barrier with Upside Participation, 
American Barrier with Upside Participation, 
American Barrier with Upside Participation 
and Downside Participation or American 
Barrier with Bonus Cap) 
 
(xiii) 
Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [ ] per 
cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Bonus Product Style 
is 
European 
Barrier 
with 
Downside 
Participation or American Barrier with 
Upside 
Participation 
and 
Downside 
Participation) 
 
(xiv) 
Outperformance 
Participation Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [ ] per 
cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Bonus Product Style 
is 
American 
Barrier 
with 
Upside 
Participation) 
 
(xv) 
Normal 
Performance 
Participation Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [ ] per 
cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Bonus Product Style 
is 
American 
Barrier 
with 
Upside 
Participation or American Barrier with 
Upside 
Participation 
and 
Downside 
Participation) 
 
(xvi) 
Cap Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [ ] per 
cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Bonus Product Style 
is American Barrier with Upside Cap and 
Downside Cap) 
 
(i) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable 
- 
the 
Settlement Type is Cash Settlement] 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs)

--- Page 541 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
540 
 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The 
Worst Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bullish Products]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in 
the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement 
Initial Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 542 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
541 
 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked 
to a basket of Underlyings and at least one 
(but not all) Underlyings are denominated in 
the Settlement Currency:, provided that in 
respect of [Insert each Underlying that is 
denominated in the Settlement Currency: [], 
[] and [] the Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 
(one).] 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Issue 
Terms 
or 
if 
the 
currency 
of 
denomination of the Delivery Underlying is 
the Settlement Currency. If the Delivery 
Underlying is 'Worst Performing Underlying' 
and at least one underlying is denominated in 
a currency other than the Settlement 
Currency, this should be 'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
[- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]/[Not 
Applicable] (Not applicable if the Conversion 
Ratio is a specified number in the Issue 
Terms) 
28. 
Reverse Convertible Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reverse Convertible Product Style: 
[Single 
Underlying]/[Basket 
of 
Underlyings][Spread Underlying] 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings or for 
a Spread Underlying) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date)

--- Page 543 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
542 
 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings or for a Spread 
Underlying) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Coupon Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[Coupon 
Accrual]/[Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Amount] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in 
the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Accrual Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Coupon Style is Coupon Accrual. If Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Coupon Rate: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
per annum 
 
- 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/ 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
Coupon Period: 
As specified in the definition of Coupon 
Period 
in 
Payout 
Condition 
6.2 
- 
[Adjusted]/[Unadjusted] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Coupon Style is Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Amount. If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of each Coupon Payment Date, [
]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the 
amount set forth in column entitled 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount(s)' in the 
same row as such Coupon Payment Date in 
the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount(s)

--- Page 544 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
543 
 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(f) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption 
Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the 
column 
entitled 
'Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Redemption Date in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [
], [ ] and [ ]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the 
Autocall Trigger Level on the relevant 
Autocall Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level on the 
relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a Spread 
Underlying: Spread of the Spread Underlying 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
relevant 
Autocall 
Observation Date is [above]/[at or above] the 
Autocall Trigger Level in respect of the 
relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date]

--- Page 545 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
544 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each Autocall Observation Date, [ ] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]/[In 
respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and an 
Autocall Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Trigger Level' in 
the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date] 
[In respect of the Spread Underlying and each 
Autocall Observation Date, [Indicatively, ][
][, subject to a minimum of [ ] [and a 
maximum of [ ]]]/[Indicatively, ][ ] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Spread Level]]/[In respect of the 
Spread 
Underlying 
and 
an 
Autocall 
Observation Date, the [amount]/[percentage 
of the Initial Spread Level] as specified in the 
column entitled 'Autocall trigger Level' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption 
Amount') 
 
(g) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Redemption Determination 
Style: 
[Par Redemption – At or Above OR 
Performance Redemption – Below]/[Par 
Redemption - Above OR Performance 
Redemption – At or Below] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen

--- Page 546 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
545 
 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(h) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable 
- 
the 
Settlement Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not 
applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The 
Worst Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bullish Products]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in 
the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent. of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]]]  
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average

--- Page 547 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
546 
 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement 
Initial Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked 
to a basket of Underlyings and at least one 
(but not all) Underlyings are denominated in 
the Settlement Currency:, provided that in 
respect of [Insert each Underlying that is 
denominated in the Settlement Currency: [], 
[] and [] the Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 
(one).] 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Issue 
Terms 
or 
if 
the 
currency 
of 
denomination of the Delivery Underlying is 
the Settlement Currency. If the Delivery 
Underlying is 'Worst Performing Underlying' 
and at least one underlying is denominated in 
a currency other than the Settlement 
Currency, this should be 'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []]

--- Page 548 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
547 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(i) 
Spread Underlying Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Initial Spread Level: 
[]/[As specified in the Payout Conditions] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying 1: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying 2: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Level: 
In respect of [an Autocall Observation Date] 
[or] [a Final Fixing Date] and an Underlying 
1 or Underlying 2: 
[the Underlying Fixing Level of such 
Underlying on such [Autocall Observation 
Date] [or] [Final Fixing Date]]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each date) 
 
(v) 
Strike Spread Level: 
[Indicatively, ][][, subject to a minimum of 
[] [and a maximum of []]]/ [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Spread Level]]

--- Page 549 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
548 
 
 
(vi) 
Strike Spread Denominator: 
[Indicatively, ][][, subject to a minimum of 
[] [and a maximum of []]]/[] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Spread Level]] 
29. 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style: 
 
[European 
Barrier]/[American 
Barrier]/[European 
Barrier 
and 
Participation]/[American 
Barrier 
and 
Participation]/[Leverage Downside] 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] [per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Coupon Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in 
the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Style: 
[Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Accrual]/[Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Amount] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Accrual Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Accrual. If Not

--- Page 550 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
549 
 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Coupon Rate: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
[per annum] 
 
- 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/ 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
- 
Coupon Period: 
As specified in the definition of Coupon 
Period 
in 
Payout 
Condition 
7.2 
- 
[Adjusted]/[Unadjusted] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Amount Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount. If Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Specified 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of each Coupon Payment Date, [
]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the 
amount set forth in column entitled 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount(s)' in the 
same row as such Coupon Payment Date in 
the Coupon Payment Table below]] 
 
(v) 
Conditional 
Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Conditional Coupon 
Style: 
[Specified Conditional Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon] 
 
- 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date, [] per cent. [per annum]]/[In respect of 
a Coupon Payment Date, each rate specified 
in the column entitled 'Coupon Rate' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
- 
Coupon Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, [each of [], 
[ ] and [ ]][ ]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment 
Date, each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
- 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average

--- Page 551 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
550 
 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the 
Coupon Trigger Level on the relevant 
Coupon Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Coupon Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level on the 
relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
 
- 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each Coupon Observation Date, [ ] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and a 
Coupon Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Trigger Level' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Specified Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 
'Coupon Trigger Level' or 'Coupon Rate') 
 
(g) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption 
Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the 
column 
entitled 
'Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Redemption Date in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below]/[Fixed Autocall 
Redemption Amount plus Autocall Coupon 
Amount]/[Autocall Maximum Redemption 
Percentage: Applicable]]

--- Page 552 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
551 
 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs unless 
'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount plus 
Autocall Coupon Amount is specified') 
 
- 
Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption 
Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the 
column entitled 'Fixed Autocall Redemption 
Amount(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Redemption Date in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below] 
 
- 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption 
Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Coupon Amount(s)' 
in the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Redemption Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [
], [ ] and [ ]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the 
Autocall Trigger Level on the relevant 
Autocall Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of all Underlyings] [are]/[is] [above]/[at or 
above] 
[their 
respective]/[the] 
Autocall 
Trigger [Basket] Level on the relevant 
Autocall Observation Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 553 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
552 
 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger [Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each Autocall Observation Date, [ ] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level [of such 
Underlying]]/[In respect of [the]/[each] 
Underlying and an Autocall Observation 
Date, the percentage of the Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level as specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level' in 
the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Observation Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption 
Amount', 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall Coupon Amount') 
 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is 'American Barrier' or 
'American Barrier and Participation' or 
'Leverage Downside': Barrier Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of [the Underlying]/[at least one 
Underlying]] is [below]/[at or below] 
[the]/[its respective] Barrier [Basket] Level 
on any Barrier Observation Date [for such 
Underlying] 
falling 
in 
the 
Barrier 
Observation Period]/[Multichance Barrier 
Event]  
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is 'European Barrier': or 
'European Barrier and Participation' Final 
Fixing 
[Basket] 
Level 
[of 
[the 
Underlying]/[at least one Underlying]] is 
[below]/[at or below] [the]/[its respective] 
Barrier [Basket] Level]/[Multichance Barrier 
Event]  
(Delete the following two sub-paragraphs of this paragraph unless Barrier Event is specified as 
'Multichance Barrier Event') 
 
[- 
Multichance Barrier Event: 
[Insert for Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products with American Barrier: [In respect 
of any Barrier Observation Date falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period, the Barrier 
Fixing Level of a number of Underlyings at 
least equal to the Specified Multichance 
Barrier 
Number 
of 
Underlyings 
are 
[below]/[at or below] their respective Barrier 
Levels]/[If the number of Underlyings in 
respect of which the Barrier Fixing Level on 
any Barrier Observation Date in the Barrier 
Observation Period has been [below]/[at or

--- Page 554 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
553 
 
below] their respect Barrier Levels is at least 
equal to the Specified Multichance Barrier 
Number of Underlyings]] 
[Insert for Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products with European Barrier: Final 
Fixing Level of a number of Underlyings at 
least equal to the Specified Multichance 
Barrier 
Number 
of 
Underlyings 
are 
below]/[at or below] their respective Barrier 
Levels] 
 
- 
Specified 
Multichance Barrier 
Number 
of 
Underlyings: 
[Insert a number greater than 1 and less than 
the total number of Underlyings in the 
basket]] 
 
 
(If Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style is 'European Barrier' or 'European 
Barrier 
and 
Participation' 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Barrier Fixing Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange Trading Day]/[Reference 
Market Business Day]/[Business Day] falling 
in the Barrier Observation Period 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level [of such 
Underlying] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for the 
definition of Autocall Trigger Basket Level,

--- Page 555 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
554 
 
Barrier Basket Level, Final Performance or 
Strike Barrier Basket Level) 
 
(iv) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is 'American Barrier' or 
'American Barrier and Participation' or 
'Leverage Downside' and the Products are 
linked to a single Underlying: Final Fixing 
Level is [below]/[at or below] the Strike 
Barrier Level] 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is 'American Barrier' or 
'American Barrier and Participation' or 
'Leverage Downside' and the Products are 
linked to a basket of Underlyings: Final 
Fixing [Basket] Level [of the Worst 
Performing Underlying] is [below]/[at or 
below] [its]/[the] Strike Barrier [Basket] 
Level] 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is 'European Barrier': Not 
Applicable - Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is European Barrier]  
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is 'European Barrier and 
Participation': Not Applicable - Barrier 
Reverse Convertible Products Style is 
European Barrier and Participation] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable delete the following sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Strike 
Barrier 
[Basket] Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level [of such 
Underlying]] 
 
(v) 
Final Performance: 
[Final Fixing [Basket] Level divided by the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level]/[Final Fixing 
Level 
divided 
by 
the 
Strike 
Level]/[Underlying Performance (Long) – 
Underlying 
Performance 
(Short)/[Final 
Return]/[Final Fixing Level (Worst) divided 
by the Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Fixing Level (Worst) divided by the Strike 
Level (Worst)]/[Final Return (Worst)] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Strike Level is not required delete the 
following sub-paragraphs as required for the 
definition of Final Performance) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]]

--- Page 556 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
555 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Final 
Performance or Final Return delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(Delete the following sub-paragraphs unless 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is 
'European Barrier and Participation' or 
'American Barrier and Participation') 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Performance (Long): 
(Final Fixing Level (Long) – Initial Fixing 
Level (Long)) divided by the Initial Fixing 
Level (Long) 
 
- 
Underlying 
Performance (Short): 
(Final Fixing Level (Short) – Initial Fixing 
Level (Short)) divided by the Initial Fixing 
Level (Short) 
 
- 
Long Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying] 
 
- 
Short Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []]

--- Page 557 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
556 
 
 
(vi) 
Lock-In Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Lock-In Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Lock-In Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Lock-
In Barrier Level on the relevant Lock-In 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [A Common Lock-In Event has 
occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation 
Date. Where "Common Lock-In Event" 
means the Lock-In Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Lock-In Barrier Level on the 
relevant Lock-In Observation Date.]/[A 
Single Lock-In Event has occurred in respect 
of each Underlying]. Where "Single Lock-In 
Event" means the Lock-In Fixing Level of an 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] its 
respective Lock-In Barrier Level on any 
Lock-In Observation Date.] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Lock-In Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [
], [] and [] 
 
- 
Lock-In Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each Lock-In Observation Date, [ ] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying] 
 
(vii) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floor Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]

--- Page 558 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
557 
 
 
(viii) 
Gearing: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Leverage Final Performance: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: 
Strike Level −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
] 
/[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[ 
Strike Fixing Basket Level −Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level
 
] 
/[ 
Strike Level (Worst) −Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
 
]] 
 
(x) 
Strike Fixing Basket Level: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable 
- 
the 
Settlement Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not 
applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The 
Worst Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bullish Products]/[Calculated 
Amount – Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in 
the Issue Terms) 
 
[- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent.

--- Page 559 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
558 
 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]]  
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement 
Initial Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked 
to a basket of Underlyings and at least one 
(but not all) Underlyings are denominated in 
the Settlement Currency:, provided that in 
respect of [Insert each Underlying that is 
denominated in the Settlement Currency: [], 
[] and [] the Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 
(one).] 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Issue 
Terms 
or 
if 
the 
currency 
of 
denomination of the Delivery Underlying is 
the Settlement Currency. If the Delivery 
Underlying is 'Worst Performing Underlying' 
and at least one underlying is denominated in

--- Page 560 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
559 
 
a currency other than the Settlement 
Currency, this should be 'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
30. 
Tracker Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Redemption Style: 
[Fixed Term]/[Open Ended] 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed 
Term): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable or if Redemption Style is 
Open Ended, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Fixed Term) Exercise 
Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue 
Date]/[] 
 
(B) 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Fixed Term) Notice 
Period: 
[] Business Day[s] 
 
(C) 
Final Fixing Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the 
Issuer has exercised its Issuer Call Option 
(Fixed Term), the day specified as the Final 
Fixing Date in the Issuer Call Option (Fixed 
Term) Redemption Notice 
 
(D) 
Redemption Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the 
Issuer has exercised its Issuer Call Option 
(Fixed Term), the Issuer Call Option (Fixed 
Term) Redemption Date 
 
(E) 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Redemption Date: 
[] Business Days following the Final Fixing 
Date 
 
(ii) 
Investor Put Option (Fixed 
Term): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable or if Redemption Style is 
Open Ended, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 561 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
560 
 
 
(A) 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
(Fixed Term) Exercise 
Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue 
Date]/[] 
 
(B) 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
(Fixed Term) Notice 
Period: 
[] Business Day[s] 
 
(C) 
Final Fixing Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the 
Investor has exercised its Investor Put Option 
(Fixed Term), [] Scheduled Trading Days 
following the day on which the Paying Agent 
has received the duly completed and signed 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
( 
Fixed 
Term) 
Redemption Notice 
 
(D) 
Redemption Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the 
Investor has exercised its Investor Put Option 
(Fixed Term), the Investor Put Option (Fixed 
Term) Redemption Date 
 
(E) 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Redemption Date: 
[] Business Days following the Final Fixing 
Date 
 
(iii) 
Issuer Call Option (Open-
ended) and Investor Put Option 
(Open ended) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Open-ended) Exercise 
Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue 
Date]/[] 
 
(B) 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Open-ended) 
Notice 
Period: 
[] Business Day[s] 
 
(C) 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
(Open-ended) Exercise 
Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue 
Date]/[] 
 
(D) 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
(Open-ended) 
Notice 
Period: 
[] Business Day[s] 
 
(E) 
Final Fixing Date: 
In respect of: 
(a) 
each Product for which the Issuer 
has exercised its Issuer Call Option 
(Open-ended), the day specified as 
the Final Fixing Date in the Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Open-ended) 
Redemption Notice; and 
 
 
(b) 
each Product for which the Investor 
has exercised its Investor Put Option 
(Open-ended), [ ] Scheduled 
Trading Days following the day on 
which 
the 
Paying 
Agent 
has 
received the duly completed and

--- Page 562 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
561 
 
signed Investor Put Option (Open-
ended) Redemption Notice 
 
(F) 
Redemption Date: 
In respect of: 
(a) 
each Product for which the Issuer 
has exercised its Issuer Call Option 
(Open-ended), 
the 
Issuer 
Call 
Option (Open-ended) Redemption 
Date; and 
 
 
(b) 
each Product for which the Investor 
has exercised its Investor Put Option 
(Open-ended), the Investor Put 
Option (Open-ended) Redemption 
Date. 
 
(G) 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Open-ended) 
Redemption Date: 
[] Business Days following the Final Fixing 
Date 
 
(H) 
Investor 
Put 
Option 
(Open-ended) 
Redemption Date: 
[] Business Days following the Final Fixing 
Date 
 
(b) 
Tracker Product Style: 
[Single Underlying with Quanto FX and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends]/[Single 
Underlying with Quanto FX and Dividends at 
Redemption]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
Quanto FX 
and no Dividend]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends]/[Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and no 
Dividend]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
Composite FX (Notional Units)]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
no 
FX 
and 
no 
Dividends]/[Single Underlying with no FX 
(Notional Units)]/ [Single Underlying with 
High Watermark Redemption with Quanto 
FX and Reinvestment of Dividends]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
High 
Watermark 
Redemption with Quanto FX and Dividends 
at Redemption]/[Single Underlying with 
High Watermark Redemption with Quanto 
FX and no Dividend]/[Single Underlying 
with High Watermark Redemption with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption]/[Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Composite FX 
and Reinvestment of Dividends]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
High 
Watermark 
Redemption with Composite FX and no 
Dividend]/[Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Composite FX 
(Notional Units)]/[Single Underlying with 
High Watermark Redemption with no FX and 
no Dividends]/[Single Underlying with High 
Watermark 
Redemption 
with 
no 
FX 
(Notional Units)]/[Basket of Underlyings

--- Page 563 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
562 
 
with 
Quanto 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption]/[Basket of Underlyings with 
Quanto 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends]/[Basket of Underlyings with 
Quanto FX and no Dividends]/[Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends]/[Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends at Redemption]/ [Basket of 
Underlyings with Composite FX and no 
Dividends]/[Basket of Underlyings with no 
FX and no Dividends] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
Payout 
Style: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only Not Applicable if Tracker Product 
Style is specified to be 'Single Underlying 
with Composite FX (Notional Units)' and 
'Single Underlying with no FX (Notional 
Units)', 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Composite FX 
(Notional Units)' and 'Single Underlying with 
High Watermark Redemption with no FX 
(Notional Units)'. If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Tracker): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 564 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
563 
 
 
(B) 
W (Initial): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(C) 
Dividend Fixing Level: 
[In respect of a Dividend Reinvestment Day 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement Price]/[NAV] on such 
Dividend 
Reinvestment 
Day]]/[Not 
Applicable] (Not Applicable unless Tracker 
Product Style is specified to be 'Single 
Underlying 
with 
Quanto 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividend', 
'Single 
Underlying 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividend', 'Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends' or 'Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Quanto 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends') 
(If applicable, repeat as necessary for each 
Underlying) 
 
(D) 
Lock-In Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
[- Lock-In Event: 
Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the First Lock-In 
Barrier Level or any of the higher Lock-In 
Barrier Levels compared to the last recorded 
Highest Lock-In Barrier Level on the relevant 
Lock-In Observation Date 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of the Underlying each of [], [] 
and []][Any day From, [and including]/[but 
excluding] [ ] to, [and including]/[but 
excluding] []] 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and [Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
 
- 
First 
Lock-In 
Barrier Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and the Initial 
Fixing Date, [indicatively, ][] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a

--- Page 565 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
564 
 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level 
 
- 
Increment 
Percentage: 
[●]] 
 
(E) 
High Watermark Fixing 
Level: 
[In respect of a High Watermark Date and the 
Underlying, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level] /[Exchange Delivery Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such High Watermark Observation 
Date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange Trading Day]/[Reference 
Market Business Day]/[Business Day] falling 
in 
the 
High 
Watermark 
Observation 
Period][Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [*] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [*]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(H) 
FX Rate: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked 
to a basket of Underlyings and at least one 
(but not all) Underlyings are denominated in 
the Settlement Currency:, provided that in 
respect of [Insert each Underlying that is 
denominated in the Settlement Currency: [], 
[] and []] the FX Rate shall be 1 (one).]] 
[Not Applicable] (Not Applicable unless 
Tracker Product Style is specified to be 
'Single Underlying with Composite FX and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption', 
'Single 
Underlying 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends', 
'Single 
Underlying 
with 
High 
Watermark 
Redemption 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption', 
'Single 
Underlying 
with 
High 
Watermark 
Redemption 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends' or 'Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends at Redemption') 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each

--- Page 566 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
565 
 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Tracker FX Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(I) 
Management 
Fee 
Deduction: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable please delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Management 
Fee: 
[] per cent.] 
 
(ii) 
Units Payout Style: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only Applicable if Tracker Product Style is 
specified to be 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX (Notional Units)' and 'Single 
Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)', 
'Single Underlying with High Watermark 
Redemption with Composite FX (Notional 
Units)' and 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with no FX (Notional 
Units)'. If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Units (Initial): 
In respect of the Underlying, [] 
 
(B) 
Tracker Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Underlying and a Scheduled 
Trading 
Day, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level] /[Exchange Delivery Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Scheduled Trading Day] 
 
(C) 
Tracker 
Observation 
Date(s): 
In respect of the Underlying, each of [], [] 
and [] 
 
(D) 
Management Fee Style: 
[Product Value Style]/[Calculation Amount 
Style] 
 
- 
Management 
Fee: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(E) 
Performance 
Fee 
Deduction  
 
 
 
Performance Fee: 
[] per cent.] 
 
Hurdle Rate: 
[] per cent.]

--- Page 567 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
566 
 
 
(F) 
Lock-In Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Lock-In Event: 
Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the First Lock-In 
Barrier Level or any of the higher Lock-In 
Barrier Levels compared to the last recorded 
Highest Lock-In Barrier Level on the relevant 
Lock-In Observation Date 
 
- 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of the Underlying each of [], [] 
and []][Any day From, [and including]/[but 
excluding] [ ] to, [and including]/[but 
excluding] []] 
 
- 
Lock-In Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and [Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
 
- 
First Lock-In Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and the Initial 
Fixing Date, [indicatively, ][] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level 
 
- 
Increment Percentage: 
[●]] 
 
(G) 
High Watermark Fixing 
Level: 
[In respect of a High Watermark Date and the 
Underlying, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level] /[Exchange Delivery Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such High Watermark Observation 
Date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(H) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange Trading Day]/[Reference 
Market Business Day]/[Business Day] falling 
in 
the 
High 
Watermark 
Observation 
Period][Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [ ]]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 568 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
567 
 
 
(J) 
FX Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Tracker Product Style 
is specified to be 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX (Notional Units)' and 'Single 
Underlying 
with 
High 
Watermark 
Redemption with Composite FX (Notional 
Units)'. If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
FX 
Rate 
(Initial): 
In respect of the Underlying, [] 
 
- 
Price Source: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes 
of determining the FX Rate, [] 
 
- 
Tracker FX Rate 
Valuation Time: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes 
of determining the FX Rate, [] 
31. 
Dual Currency Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Dual Currency Product Style: 
[Upside in Investment Currency]/[Upside in 
Alternative Currency] 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
Single Underlying - as specified in the 
definition 
of 
the 
relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation Date 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
Single Underlying - as described in the 
relevant Underlying Specific Conditions 
 
(d) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Alternative Currency: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Event: 
Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] 
the Strike Level 
 
(iii) 
Strike Level: 
[[] [, being [] per cent. per annum of the 
Initial Fixing Level]]/[In respect of the 
Underlying, [ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] per annum of the Initial Fixing 
Level] 
 
- 
Predetermined 
Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon Rate: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
per annum 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
– 
ISDA]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[E
urobond 
Basis]/[Actual/Actual 
– 
ICMA]/[Actual/365]

--- Page 569 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
568 
 
32. 
Discount Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
Single Underlying - as specified in the 
definition 
of 
the 
relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation Date 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
Single Underlying - as described in the 
relevant Underlying Specific Conditions 
 
(c) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Downside Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Event: 
Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below] the Cap Level 
 
(iii) 
Cap Level: 
In respect of the Underlying, [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level 
 
(iv) 
Conversion Ratio (Discount): 
In respect of the Underlying, [] 
 
(v) 
FX Performance: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph if Not Applicable) 
 
- 
Price Source: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes 
of determining the FX Rate (Final), [] 
 
- 
FX 
Rate 
Valuation 
Time: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes 
of determining the FX Rate (Final), [] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable 
– 
the 
Downside 
Settlement 
Type 
is 
Cash 
Settlement] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs is Not 
Applicable) 
 
- 
Delivery Underlying: 
The Underlying 
 
- 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of the Underlying, [Specified 
Amount - []]/[Calculated Amount – Bullish 
Products]/[Calculated Amount – Bearish 
Products] 
 
- 
Settlement 
Initial 
Level: 
[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in 
the Issue Terms) 
 
- 
FX Conversion: 
Not Applicable

--- Page 570 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
569 
 
33. 
Leverage Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Leverage Product Style: 
[Call Warrant Product]/ [Call Warrant 
Products 
with 
Lock-In 
Feature]/[Call 
Warrant Products with High Watermark 
Redemption]/[Put Warrant Product]/[Call 
Knock-Out Warrant Product]/[Put Knock-
Out Warrant Product]/[Bullish Mini Future 
Product]/[Bearish Mini Future Product] 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
Single Underlying - as specified in the 
definition 
of 
the 
relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation Date 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
Single Underlying - as described in the 
relevant Underlying Specific Conditions 
 
(d) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(e) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[[], [] and [] (Repeat as necessary for 
each Set of Coupon Payment Dates (the first 
set being 'Coupon Payment Date Set 1'))]/[[In 
respect of each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates, each][Each] date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the 
Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Observation Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment [each of [], [] 
and [ ]]/[ ]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment 
Date, each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[ ]] and [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date]

--- Page 571 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
570 
 
 
(f) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert for Call Warrant Products: [Final 
Fixing Level of the Underlying is [above]/[at 
or above] the Strike Level]/[Final Fixing 
Basket Level is [above][at or above] the 
Strike Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Level of 
the 
Worst 
Performing 
Underlying 
is 
[above][at or above] the Strike Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Level of the Best 
Performing Underlying is [above][at or 
above] the Strike Level (Best)]]/[Insert for 
Put Warrant Products: [Final Fixing Level of 
the Underlying is [below]/[at or below] the 
Strike Level]/[Final Fixing Basket Level is 
[below][at or below] the Strike Basket 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level of the Worst 
Performing Underlying is [below][at or 
below] the Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Fixing Level of the Best Performing 
Underlying is [below][at or below] the Strike 
Level (Best)]] 
[Insert 
for 
Call 
Knock-Out 
Warrant 
Products: Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Strike 
Level]/[Insert for Put Knock-Out Warrant 
Products: Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [below]/[at or below] the Strike 
Level]/[Insert for Call Warrant Products 
with High Watermark Redemption, Bullish 
Mini Future Products and Bearish Mini 
Future Products: Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 2 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Event) 
 
[- 
Strike Basket Level: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for definition 
of Final Performance) 
 
- 
Initial Fixing Basket: 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of the Underlying, [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level]][Not Applicable] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index

--- Page 572 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
571 
 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
 
- 
Predetermined 
Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
(iii) 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
 
- 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[Indicatively, ][] [, subject to a minimum of 
[] [and a maximum of []] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
Warrant Product Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Call Warrant Products and 
Put Warrant Products. Not Applicable 
otherwise) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Trading Style: 
[Notional]/[Units] 
 
Basket Style: 
[All]/[Worst]/[Best]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Warrant): 
[In respect of the Underlying, [ ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Trading Style is 
specified as 'Units') 
 
(C) 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]

--- Page 573 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
572 
 
 
(v) 
Lock-In Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Lock-In Event: 
Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the First Lock-In 
Barrier Level or any of the higher Lock-In 
Barrier Levels compared to the last recorded 
Highest Lock-In Barrier Level on the relevant 
Lock-In Observation Date 
 
- 
Lock-In Observation Date(s): 
[In respect of the Underlying each of [], [] 
and []][Any day From, [and including]/[but 
excluding] [ ] to, [and including]/[but 
excluding] []] 
 
- 
Lock-In Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and [Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
 
- 
First Lock-In Barrier Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and the Initial 
Fixing Date, [indicatively, ][] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level 
 
- 
Increment Percentage: 
[●]] 
 
(vi) 
High 
Watermark 
Determination: 
[Observation 
Dates]/[Observation 
Periods]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
High Watermark Fixing 
Level: 
[In respect of a High Watermark Date and the 
Underlying, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level] /[Exchange Delivery Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such High Watermark Observation 
Date]] 
 
(B) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange Trading Day]/[Reference

--- Page 574 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
573 
 
Market Business Day]/[Business Day] falling 
in the High Watermark Observation Period 
 
(C) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [ ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Knock-Out 
Warrant 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Knock-Out Call Warrant 
Products and Knock-Out Put Warrant 
Products. Not Applicable otherwise) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Trading Style: 
[Notional]/[Units] 
 
(B) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Warrant): 
[In respect of the Underlying, [ ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Trading Style is 
specified as 'Units') 
 
(C) 
Knock-Out Event: 
[Insert 
for 
Call 
Knock-Out 
Warrant 
Products: [Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the 
Knock-Out Level]/[Knock-Out Fixing Level 
of the Underlying on any Knock-Out 
Observation Date falling in the Knock-Out 
Observation Period is [above]/[at or above] 
the Knock-Out Level]] 
[Insert for Put Knock-Out Warrant Products: 
[Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below] 
the 
Knock-Out 
Level]/[Knock-Out Fixing Level of the 
Underlying on any Knock-Out Observation 
Date falling in the Knock-Out Observation 
Period is [below]/[at or below] the Knock-
Out Level]] 
 
(D) 
Knock-Out Level: 
In respect of the Underlying, [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level 
 
(E) 
Knock-Out 
Fixing 
Level: 
[In respect of a Knock-Out Observation Date 
and the Underlying, the [Opening [Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level] /[Exchange Delivery Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Knock-Out Observation Date]] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 575 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
574 
 
 
(F) 
Knock-Out 
Observation Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [ ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(G) 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
 
(H) 
Strike Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
 
(I) 
Rebate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Rebate 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
 
(viii) Mini Future Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Bullish Mini Future Products 
and Bearish Mini Future Products) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Stop Loss Event: 
[Insert for Bullish Mini Future Products: 
Stop Loss Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below] the Stop Loss Level on 
any Stop Loss Observation Date in the Stop 
Loss Observation Period]/[Insert for Bearish 
Mini Future Products: Stop Loss Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above] the Stop Loss Level on any Stop Loss 
Observation 
Date 
in 
the 
Stop 
Loss 
Observation Period] 
 
(B) 
Stop Loss Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [ ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Stop Loss Fixing Level: 
In respect of a Stop Loss Observation Date 
and the Underlying, the [Opening [Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Opening Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level] /[Exchange Delivery Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Stop Loss Observation Date 
 
(D) 
Stop Loss Level: 
In respect of the Underlying, [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level 
 
(E) 
Stop Loss Redemption 
Date: 
[] Business Days following the Stop Loss 
Observation Date in respect of which a Stop 
Loss Event first occurs

--- Page 576 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
575 
 
 
(F) 
Conversion Ratio (Mini 
Future): 
In respect of the Underlying, [] 
34. 
Outperformance Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Outperformance Product Style: 
[Outperformance 
with 
Participation]/[Participation Certificate with 
Airbag feature] 
 
(b) 
Product Direction: 
[Bullish]/[Bearish] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
specified in the definition of the relevant 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying 
- 
as 
described in the relevant Underlying Specific 
Conditions] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual Adjustment only applicable for a 
basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [above]/[at 
or above]/[below]/[at or below] its Strike 
Barrier Level] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[Final 
Basket 
Return 
is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
the Strike Barrier Amount]/[Final Fixing 
Level of the [Worst Performing Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] its Strike Barrier 
Level]/[Best 
Performing 
Underlying 
is 
[below]/[at or below] its Strike Barrier 
Level]]

--- Page 577 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
576 
 
 
- 
Strike Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [ ] per 
cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Final Return is 
required for the definition of Strike Event) 
 
(ii) 
Strike 
Barrier 
[Level]/[Amount]: 
[[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] 
per cent.] of the Initial Fixing Level of such 
Underlying]/[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike 
Level]] 
[ ][, subject to a minimum of [ ][and a 
maximum of []]] 
 
(iii) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]/ 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Period] 
[for 
such 
Underlying]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for definition 
of Strike Barrier Level, Final Performance or 
Final Return) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Predetermined 
Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []]

--- Page 578 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
577 
 
 
(iv) 
Strike Basket Level: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
of the Initial Fixing Basket Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for definition 
of Final Performance) 
 
(v) 
Final Redemption Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [above]/[at 
or above]/[below]/[at or below] its Initial 
Fixing Level] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[Final 
Basket 
Return 
is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
zero (0)]/[Final Fixing Level of the [Worst 
Performing Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above] 
its 
Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Best 
Performing Underlying is [below]/[at or 
below] its Initial Fixing Level]] 
[Insert if Outperformance Product Style is 
'[Outperformance with Participation]': Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Protection Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.] 
 
(vii) 
Upside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.] 
 
(viii) Downside Participation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
 
- 
Downside Participation 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.] 
 
(ix) 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
 
- 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.] 
 
(x) 
Final Performance: 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level/Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)/Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)/Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial 
Fixing Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Strike Basket Level]]

--- Page 579 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
578 
 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[IP (FP) – (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing 
Level)]/[IP (FP) – (Final Fixing Level/Strike 
Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [IP (FP) – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Initial Fixing Level (Best))]/[IP (FP) – 
(Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike Level 
(Best))]/[IP (FP) – (Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level)]/[IP (FP) – 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket 
Level)]] 
 
(xi) 
Final Return: 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' and 
Product is linked to a single Underlying: 
[(Final Fixing Level – Initial Fixing 
Level)/Initial Fixing Level]/[(Final Fixing 
Level 
– 
Strike 
Level)/Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[(Final 
Fixing 
Level 
– 
Strike 
Level)/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Initial Fixing 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – 
Strike Level (Worst))/Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – 
Strike 
Level 
(Worst))/Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Basket Return]/[Final Basket 
Return (Strike)] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a single Underlying: [IP 
(FR) – (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing 
Level)]/[IP (FR) – (Final Fixing Level/Strike 
Level)]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[IP (FR) – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial 
Fixing Level (Best))]/[IP (FR) – (Final Fixing 
Level (Best)/Strike Level (Best))]/[Bearish 
Final Basket Return]/[Bearish Final Basket 
Return (Strike)]] 
 
(xii) 
Final Redemption Cap: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [ ] per 
cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless 'Outperformance 
Product Style' is '[Outperformance with 
Participation 
and 
Partial 
Downside 
Protection]')) 
 
(xiii) Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 580 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
579 
 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level is required for Final Performance or 
Final Return) 
 
(xiv) Inverse 
Percentage 
(Final 
Performance): 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [ ] per 
cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Product Direction 
is 'Bearish') 
 
(xv) 
Inverse 
Percentage 
(Final 
Return): 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [ ] per 
cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Product Direction 
is 'Bearish') 
35. 
Long/Short Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Long/Short Product Style: 
[Long/Short Product with no Management 
Fee Deduction]/[Long/Short Product with 
Management Fee Deduction]/[Long/Short 
Product with Outperformance Participation] 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect the Long Underlying: 
- [insert name of Underlying], [] per cent. 
(Repeat for each Underlying in the Long 
Underlying) 
[In respect of the Short Underlying: 
- [insert name of Underlying], [] per cent.] 
(Repeat for each Underlying in the Short 
Underlying) 
[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable if the Strategy Style is 
specified to be 'Single Underlying')) 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable

--- Page 581 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
580 
 
 
(i) 
Strategy Style: 
[Single Underlying]/[Basket of Underlyings] 
 
(ii) 
Long Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[A 
basket of Underlyings comprising [insert 
name of each Underlying that is a part of the 
Long Underlying basket]] 
 
(iii) 
Short Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[A 
basket of Underlyings comprising [insert 
name of each Underlying that is part of the 
Short Underlying basket]] 
 
(iv) 
Stop Loss Early Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Stop Loss Event: 
Stop Loss Product Value on any Stop Loss 
Observation Date is [below]/[at or below] the 
Stop Loss Barrier Level 
 
(B) 
Stop 
Loss 
Barrier 
Level: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.] of 
the Initial Product Value 
 
(C) 
Stop Loss Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
(D) 
Stop Loss Redemption 
Date: 
[] Business Days following the Stop Loss 
Observation Date in respect of which a Stop 
Loss Event first occurs 
 
(v) 
Initial Product Value: 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Final Performance: 
[Insert if Strategy Style is 'Single Underlying': 
[(Final Fixing Level – Initial Fixing 
Level)/Initial Fixing Level]/[(Final Fixing 
Level – Strike Level)/Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert if Strategy Style is 'Basket of 
Underlyings': [(LS Final Fixing Basket Level 
– LS Initial Fixing Basket Level)/LS Initial 
Fixing Basket Level]/[(LS Final Fixing Level 
- LS Strike Level)/LS Initial Fixing Level] 
(Insert the below sub-paragraphs as required 
for the definition of Final Performance) 
 
- 
Long/Short 
Initial 
Fixing Basket Level 
[Specified Amount: [] in respect of the Long 
Underlying and [] in respect of the Short 
Underlying]/[Calculated Amount] 
 
- 
Long/Short 
Strike 
Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount: [] in respect of the Long 
Underlying and [] in respect of the Short 
Underlying]/[Calculated Amount] 
 
- 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[each] Underlying, [ ] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying]

--- Page 582 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
581 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[ ] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
 
- 
Predetermined 
Strike 
Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(vii) 
Participation Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.] 
]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable if Long/Short Product Style is 
'Long/Short Product with Outperformance 
Participation') 
 
(viii) Upside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Long/Short Product 
Style 
is 
'Long/Short 
Product 
with 
Outperformance Participation') 
 
(ix) 
Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Long/Short Product 
Style 
is 
'Long/Short 
Product 
with 
Outperformance Participation')

--- Page 583 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
582 
 
 
(x) 
Adjustment Factor: 
[Applicable - [ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Management Fee: 
[[] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable if Long/Short Product Style 
is 'Long/Short Product with no Management 
Fee Deduction') 
 
(xii) 
DCF: 
[
t
360]/[
actual
365 ]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable if Long/Short Product Style 
is 'Long/Short Product with no Management 
Fee Deduction') 
36. 
Dispersion Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual 
Adjustment only applicable for a basket of 
Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual 
Adjustment only applicable for a basket of 
Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(c) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [
] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(d) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall Redemption 
Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below]/[Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount 
plus 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount]/[High 
Watermark Autocallable]

--- Page 584 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
583 
 
(Delete the two sub-paragraphs immediately 
below unless 'Fixed Autocall Redemption 
Amount plus Autocall Coupon Amount' is 
specified) 
 
[- 
Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Fixed 
Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below] 
 
- 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, [ ]]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Coupon Amount(s)' in the row corresponding 
to such Autocall Redemption Date in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below]] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an [Autocall 
Observation Date]/[Autocall Observation 
Period], the date set forth in column entitled 
'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying [each of 
[], [] and []]/[]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Observation 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable. [Each of the 
following: 
[From, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] [ ] to, [and including]/[but 
excluding] []] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Autocall Observation Period)]/[Each period 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Observation Period(s)' in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below]] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Event: 
 
 
 
Basket 
Dispersion 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the Autocall 
Trigger Basket Level [on the relevant 
Autocall Observation Date]/[in respect of any 
Common Autocall Period Observation Date 
falling in the relevant Autocall Observation 
Period]] 
 
(vi) 
Autocall 
Trigger 
Basket 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each [Autocall Observation Date]/[Autocall 
Observation Period], [Indicatively, ][] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the

--- Page 585 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
584 
 
[Strike Level]/Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]]/[In respect of [the]/[each] 
Underlying[s] and an [Autocall Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Observation Period], the 
percentage of the [Strike Level]/[Initial 
Fixing Level] as specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Trigger Level' in the row 
corresponding to such [Autocall Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Observation Period]] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation [Date]/[Period](s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption 
Amount', 'Autocall Trigger Basket Amount', 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall 
Coupon Amount') 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount - [ ]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level is required for Autocall Trigger Basket 
Level) 
 
(ii) 
Strike Basket Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of such Underlying]]] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Final Redemption Cap: 
[Applicable,][Indicatively, ][ ] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
37. 
Steepener Products: 
 
 
(a) 
Steepener Product Style: 
[Spread 
(Note 
or 
Certificate)]/[Accrual 
Steepener 
(Warrant)]/[Single 
Look 
(Warrant)] 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]/[Common Observation]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]/[Common Observation]]

--- Page 586 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
585 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[DCF Accrual]/[Single Observation]/[Daily 
Average Accrual] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[], [] and [] 
 
(iii) 
DCF Accrual Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Coupon Style is DCF Accrual. If Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/ 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon Observation Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the]/[each] Underlying 
and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, [each of 
[], [] and []][]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment 
Date, each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(v) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – From, [and 
including]/[but excluding], [ ] to, [and 
including]/[but excluding], []] (Repeat as 
necessary for each Coupon Observation 
Period)] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate)

--- Page 587 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
586 
 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Coupon Observation Period', 'Spread Strike Level' 
or others) 
 
(e) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [Underlying 1]/[Underlying 
2]/[each Underlying], [Indicatively, ][] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [Underlying 1]/[Underlying 
2]/[each Underlying], [Indicatively, ][] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
[lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] [Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Predetermined Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(f) 
Underlying 1: 
[] 
 
(g) 
Underlying 2: 
[] 
 
(h) 
Underlying Level: 
In respect of a [Coupon Observation Date] 
[or] [Final Fixing Date] and an Underlying 1 
or Underlying 2: 
[the Underlying Fixing Level of such 
Underlying on such [Coupon Observation 
Date] [or] [Final Fixing Date]]/

--- Page 588 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
587 
 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each date) 
 
(i) 
Spread Strike Level: 
[Indicatively, ][][, subject to a minimum of 
[] [and a maximum of []]] 
 
(j) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floor Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ] [] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(k) 
Leverage Factor: 
[Indicatively, ][] [, subject to a minimum of 
[ ] [and a maximum of [ ]]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Protection Percentage: 
[Applicable – [Indicatively, ] [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum 
of 
[
] 
per 
cent.]]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Provisions relating to the Underlying(s) 
Underlying Table 
[i]
[Underlying[s]:]
[Bloomberg 
Code:] 
[ISIN:]
[[Underlying] 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date:] 
[ ] (Insert relevant 
Level as defined in the 
relevant 
Payout 
Conditions and as 
specified 
in 
this 
Pricing Supplement. 
Repeat as necessary.) 
[Exchange(s)]/[Price 
Source(s)]/[Screen 
Page(s)]/[Reference 
Market(s)]/[Index 
Sponsor(s)]/[Service 
Provider(s)][:] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[]

--- Page 589 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
588 
 
(Repeat as necessary)
38. 
Share Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Share Linked 
Products]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Share(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Share]/[Each share 
set forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: []] 
 
 
[ISIN: []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], 
[
]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(c) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], []]/[As set forth 
in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 
'Exchange(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to the relevant Share] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Failure to Deliver: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Reduced Number of Shares: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Relevant Number of 
Shares: 
[]] (Delete if Reduced Number of Shares is 
specified as Not Applicable) 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Share Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [
] (specify number of days)] 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], the 
[Closing Share Price]/[Volume Weighted

--- Page 590 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
589 
 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Share 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the 
[Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial 
Fixing Date] [for such Share]] 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Closing 
Share Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Share Price]/[Intraday Price 
at any time] on [each Initial Lookback 
Observation Date]/[each Initial Lookback 
Period Observation Date in the Initial 
Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Share]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], []]/[Insert for 
Open Ended Tracker Products: As specified 
in item 30 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], [Opening Share Price]/[Closing Share 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the 
Final Fixing Date]] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the [Closing Share 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Share Price]/[Intraday Price 
at any time] on each Final Fixing Averaging 
Date [for such Share]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share)

--- Page 591 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
590 
 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
39. 
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) 
Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Participation 
Certificate 
(Genussscheine) 
Linked 
Products]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Participation 
Certificate(s) 
(Genussscheine): 
[Insert name of relevant Participation 
Certificate]/[Each participation certificate set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: []] 
 
 
[ISIN: []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(b) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], []]/[As set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 
'Exchange(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to the relevant Participation 
Certificate] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(c) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) 
Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [] (specify 
number of days)] 
 
(e) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], []

--- Page 592 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
591 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation 
Certificate], the [Closing Price]/ [Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the 
[Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial 
Fixing 
Date] 
[for 
such 
Participation 
Certificate] 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation 
Certificate], the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] 
of the [Closing Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday 
Price at any time] on [each Initial Lookback 
Observation Date]/[each Initial Lookback 
Period Observation Date in the Initial 
Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Participation Certificate]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(g) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [ ]]/[Insert for 
Open Ended Tracker Products: As specified 
in item 30 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation 
Certificate], the [Closing Price]/[Opening

--- Page 593 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
592 
 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the 
Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation 
Certificate], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Closing 
Price]/[Opening Price] /[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] 
on each Final Fixing Averaging Date [for 
such Participation Certificate]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph as 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
40. 
Index Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Index Linked 
Products]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Index(ices): 
[Insert name of relevant Index]/[Each index 
set forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] 
Index], 
[
]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(c) 
Index Sponsor(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], []]/[As set forth 
in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Index Sponsor(s)' in the row 
corresponding to the relevant Index] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index]: 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 594 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
593 
 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Index Linked Condition 6 (Definitions)/ [
] (specify number of days)] 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], the 
[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday Level at any time] on the 
[Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial 
Fixing Date] [for such Index] 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday Level at any time] on [each 
Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in 
the Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for 
such Index]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], []]/[Insert for 
Open Ended Tracker Products: As specified 
in item 30 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Index]/[[the]/[each] 
Index], [Closing Index Level]/[Opening 
Index Level]/[Exchange Delivery Settlement

--- Page 595 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
594 
 
Price]/[Intraday Level at any time] on the 
Final Fixing Date] 
In respect of the [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] 
Index], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the [Closing Index 
Level]/[Opening Index Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery Settlement Price]/[Intraday Level at 
any time] on each Final Fixing Averaging 
Date [for such Index]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph as 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
41. 
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Depositary 
Receipt Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Depositary Receipt(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Depositary 
Receipt]/[Each depositary receipt set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
(b) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], []]/[As set forth in the Underlying 
Table 
above 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
'Exchange(s)' in the same row as the relevant 
Depositary Receipt] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(c) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt]: 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Failure to Deliver: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Reduced Number of Shares: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 596 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
595 
 
 
[- 
Relevant Number of 
Shares: 
[]](Delete if Reduced Number of Shares is 
specified as Not Applicable) 
 
(d) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Depositary Receipt Linked Condition 5 
(Definitions)/ [] (specify number of days)] 
 
(e) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] 
Depositary 
Receipt], 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] 
on the [Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying 
Initial Fixing Date] [for such Depositary 
Receipt] 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] 
Depositary 
Receipt], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Opening 
Price]/[Closing Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] 
on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Depositary 
Receipt]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(g) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], [ ]]/[Insert for Open Ended

--- Page 597 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
596 
 
Tracker Products: As specified in item 30 
(Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt], 
[Opening Price]/[Closing Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Intraday Price at 
any time] on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], the [lowest]/[Average] of the 
[Opening Price]/[Closing Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Intraday Price at 
any time] on each Final Fixing Averaging 
Date [for such Depositary Receipt]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
42. 
Commodity Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Commodity 
Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Commodity(ies): 
[Insert name of relevant Commodity]/[Each 
commodity set forth in the Underlying Table 
above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [ 
]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(c) 
Price Source(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [ 
]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above 
in the column entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the 
same row as the relevant Commodity]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity)

--- Page 598 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
597 
 
 
(d) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [ 
]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above 
in the column entitled 'Reference Market(s)' 
in 
the 
same 
row 
as 
the 
relevant 
Commodity]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(e) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity]: 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Permanent Market Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in 
Commodity 
Linked 
Condition 
5 
(Definitions)/ [] (specify number of days)] 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], the Commodity Reference 
Price on the [Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying 
Initial Fixing Date] [for such Commodity]] 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
Commodity Reference Price on [each Initial 
Lookback Observation Date]/[each Initial 
Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for 
such Commodity]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity)

--- Page 599 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
598 
 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [ 
]]/[Insert for Open Ended Tracker Products: 
As specified in item 30 (Tracker Products) 
above] 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], the 
Commodity Reference Price on the Final 
Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
Commodity 
Reference Price on each Final Fixing 
Averaging Date [for such Commodity]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
43. 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Linked 
Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Linked 
Products]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Currency Exchange Rate(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Currency Exchange 
Rate]/[Each currency exchange rate set forth 
in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(b) 
Reference Currency(ies): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency Exchange Rate]/[the Currency 
Exchange Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate)

--- Page 600 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
599 
 
 
(c) 
Base Currency(ies): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency Exchange Rate]/[the Currency 
Exchange Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(d) 
Derived Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Cross Currency(ies): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency Exchange Rate]/[the Currency 
Exchange Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(e) 
Price Source(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency Exchange Rate]/[the Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[ Base Currency/Cross 
Currency Price]/[Cross Currency/Reference 
Currency Price], [ ]]/[As set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the same row as 
the relevant Currency Exchange Rate]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange 
Rate, 
Base 
Currency/Cross 
Currency 
Price 
and/or 
Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price) 
 
(f) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency Exchange Rate]/[the Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[ Base Currency/Cross 
Currency Price]/[Cross Currency/Reference 
Currency Price], [ ]]/[As set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the same row as 
the relevant Currency Exchange Rate] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(g) 
Currency Exchange Rate Valuation 
Time(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[ 
Base 
Currency/Cross 
Currency 
Price]/[Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange 
Rate, 
Base 
Currency/Cross 
Currency 
Price 
and/or 
Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price) 
 
(h) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency Exchange Rate]:

--- Page 601 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
600 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Currency Exchange Rate Linked Condition 
5 (Definitions)/ [] (specify number of days)] 
 
(j) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency Exchange Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(k) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate], the Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate on the [Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying 
Initial Fixing Date] [for such Currency 
Exchange Rate] 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate], the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the 
Currency Exchange Rate on [each Initial 
Lookback Observation Date]/[each Initial 
Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for 
such Currency Exchange Rate]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency Exchange Rate], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency Exchange Rate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []]

--- Page 602 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
601 
 
 
(l) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency Exchange Rate], [ ]]/[Insert for 
Open Ended Tracker Products: As specified 
in item 30 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(m) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert name of relevant Currency Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate], the Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
Currency 
Exchange Rate on each Final Fixing 
Averaging Date [for such Currency Exchange 
Rate]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency Exchange Rate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
44. 
Futures Contract Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Futures 
Contract Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Futures Contract(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[Each futures contract set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(b) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures 
Contract], [ ]]/[As set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Exchange(s)' in the same row as the 
relevant Futures Contract] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract)

--- Page 603 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
602 
 
 
(c) 
Price Source(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures 
Contract], [ ]]/[As set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the same row as 
the relevant Futures Contract] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(d) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures 
Contract], [ ]]/[As set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Reference Market(s)' in the same 
row as the relevant Futures Contract] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(e) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Permanent Market Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Futures Contract Linked Condition 5 
(Definitions)/ [] (specify number of days)] 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [
] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures Contract], the [Intraday Price at any 
time]/[Settlement Price] on the [Initial Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for 
such Futures Contract]  
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures 
Contract], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Intraday 
Price at any time]/[Settlement Price] on [each 
Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in

--- Page 604 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
603 
 
the Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for 
such Futures Contract]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [
], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures 
Contract], [ ]]/[Insert for Open Ended 
Tracker Products: As specified in item 30 
(Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], the 
[Intraday Price at any time]/[Settlement 
Price] on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures 
Contract], the [lowest]/[Average] of the 
[Intraday Price at any time]/[Settlement 
Price] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date 
[for such Futures Contract]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [
], [] and []

--- Page 605 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
604 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
45. 
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative 
Instrument Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are [Fixed Rate 
Instrument 
Linked 
Products] 
[and] 
[Derivative 
Instrument 
Linked 
Products]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Instrument(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Fixed Rate 
Instrument]/[Each fixed rate instrument set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column 
entitled 
'Underlying(s)']/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fixed Rate 
Instrument) 
 
(b) 
Derivative Instrument(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Derivative 
Instrument]/[Each derivative instrument set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column 
entitled 
'Underlying(s)']/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Derivative 
Instrument) 
 
(c) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
[Fixed 
Rate]/[Derivative] Instrument], []]/[As set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Reference Market(s)' in the 
same row as the relevant Instrument] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
[Fixed 
Rate]/[Derivative] Instrument]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative 
Instrument Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ 
[] (specify number of days)] 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each]

--- Page 606 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
605 
 
Instrument], the [Opening Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the 
[Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial 
Fixing Date] [for such Instrument 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
Instrument], the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on [each 
Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in 
the Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for 
such Instrument]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [ 
]]/[Insert for Open Ended Tracker Products: 
As specified in item 30 (Tracker Products) 
above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], the 
[Opening Price]/[Closing Price]/[Intraday 
Price at any time] on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date 
[for such Instrument]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level)

--- Page 607 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
606 
 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
46. 
ETF Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are ETF Linked 
Products]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
ETF Share(s): 
[Insert name of relevant ETF Share]/[Each 
ETF share set forth in the Underlying Table 
above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(b) 
Fund: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(c) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], []]/[As set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Exchange(s)' in the same 
row as the relevant ETF Share] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(d) 
Fund Reference Index: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
 
- 
Fund 
Reference 
Index 
Sponsor: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(e) 
Management Company: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(f) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in ETF Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [] 
(specify number of days)] 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], []

--- Page 608 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
607 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(i) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
ETF 
Share], 
the 
[Closing 
Price]/[Opening 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the 
[Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial 
Fixing Date] [for such ETF Share]  
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
ETF 
Share], the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of 
the [Closing Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday 
Price at any time] on [each Initial Lookback 
Observation Date]/[each Initial Lookback 
Period Observation Date in the Initial 
Lookback Observation Period] [for such ETF 
Share]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [], [] and 
[] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], []]/[Insert 
for Open Ended Tracker Products: As 
specified in item 30 (Tracker Products) 
above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(k) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], the [Closing 
Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
ETF 
Share], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Closing 
Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date 
[for such ETF Share]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share)

--- Page 609 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
608 
 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final Fixing Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [], [] and 
[] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
47. 
Fund Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Fund Linked 
Products]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Fund Unit(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Fund Unit]/[Each 
fund unit set forth in the Underlying Table 
above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(b) 
Fund(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(c) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit and Fund]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit and 
such relevant Fund]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified 
in Fund Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [
] (specify number of days)] 
 
(e) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Fund Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], 
the 
NAV 
on 
the 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for 
such Fund Unit]  
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Fund Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], 
the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the NAV 
on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Fund Unit]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit)

--- Page 610 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
609 
 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [], [] and [
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
- 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(g) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [ ]]/[Insert 
for Open Ended Tracker Products: As 
specified in item 30 (Tracker Products) 
above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], the NAV on 
the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] 
Fund 
Unit], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the NAV on each Final 
Fixing Averaging Date [for such Fund Unit]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final 
Fixing 
Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [], [] and [
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
48. 
Reference Rate Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Reference 
Rate Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[Each reference rate set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate)

--- Page 611 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
610 
 
 
(b) 
Screen Page(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], []]/[As set forth in the Underlying 
Table above in the column entitled 'Screen 
Page(s)' in the same row as the relevant 
Reference Rate] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(c) 
Relevant Financial Centre(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(d) 
Relevant Time: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(e) 
Quotation Rounding: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], rounded to the nearest [ ] decimal 
place 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(f) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference Rate], the Screen Rate on the 
[Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial 
Fixing Date] [for such Reference Rate]  
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the Screen

--- Page 612 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
611 
 
Rate on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Reference 
Rate]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[- 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
- 
Initial Lookback Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], []]/[Insert for Open Ended Tracker 
Products: As specified in item 30 (Tracker 
Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], the 
Screen Rate on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], the [lowest]/[Average] of the Screen 
Rate on each Final Fixing Averaging Date 
[for such Reference Rate]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if 
required for the definition of Final Fixing 
Level) 
 
- 
Final 
Fixing 
Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [], [] and []

--- Page 613 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
612 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
General provisions 
49. 
Form of Products: 
[Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Bearer 
Security 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Bearer 
Security which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Bearer Securities upon an Exchange Event] 
[Insert 
if 
applicable 
for 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities] 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Bearer 
Security 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Securities 
upon an Exchange Event] [Insert if 
applicable 
for 
Euroclear/Clearstream 
Securities] 
 
 
[Euroclear Sweden Securities] 
 
 
[SIX SIS Securities issued in uncertificated 
form in accordance with article 973c of the 
Swiss Code of Obligations]
 
 
[SIX SIS Securities issued in the form of a 
permanent global certificate in accordance 
with article 973b of the Swiss Code of 
Obligations] 
 
 
[Uncertificated Euroclear Sweden Securities] 
 
 
[Uncertificated SIX SIS Securities] 
50. 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
EEA 
Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable – see the cover page of this 
Pricing Supplement]/[Not Applicable] 
51. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
52. 
Business Centre(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
53. 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following] [Modified Following] [Nearest] 
[Preceding] 
[Modified 
Preceding] 
[No 
Adjustment]6 
54. 
Specified Number of Business Days: 
[Three Business Days as specified in General 
Condition 
22 
(Definitions 
and 
Interpretation)/ [] (specify number of days)] 
55. 
Other Rounding Convention: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Specified Sub-Unit: 
[[All amounts due and payable: rounded 
[downwards/upwards] to [insert number] 
decimal place[s]] [Not Applicable] 
 
6  
Do not insert " Nearest", "Preceding", "Modified Preceding" or "No Adjustment" where Euroclear Sweden is selected as a Relevant 
Clearing System.

--- Page 614 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
613 
 
 
[- 
Specified Decimal Place: 
[[[Specify percentage or value]: rounded 
[downwards/upwards] to next [higher/lower] 
[insert number]] [Not Applicable] 
56. 
Calculation Agent: 
[Leonteq Securities AG]/[] 
57. 
Paying Agent: 
[Leonteq Securities AG]/[] 
58. 
Additional Agents: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
59. 
Notice Website: 
[] 
60. 
[Name(s)] 
[and 
address(es)] 
of 
Lead 
Manager [and Dealer(s)] [and underwriting 
commitments]: 
[Leonteq Securities AG, Europaallee 39, 
8004 Zurich, Switzerland] 
 
 
[] [Not Applicable] 
61. 
Governing Law: 
[English law] [Swiss law] 
PART C – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(a) 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Application [has been made/is expected to 
be made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Products to be [listed and] [admitted to 
trading 
on] 
the 
[Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange's Euro MTF]/[multi lateral trading 
facility of securitised derivative financial 
instruments 
(the 
"SeDeX 
Market") 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.]/[multilateral 
trading 
facility 
EuroTLX (managed by EuroTLX SIM 
S.p.A)]/[Spectrum 
multilateral 
trading 
facility 
(organised 
and 
managed 
by 
Spectrum MTF Operator GmbH)]/[Hi-Cert 
market segment of the multilateral trading 
facility Hi-Mtf (organised and managed by 
Hi-Mtf Sim S.p.A.)]/[ [Open Market 
(Freiverkehr) 
of 
the 
Frankfurt 
Stock 
Exchange 
(Börse 
Frankfurt 
Zertifikate 
AG)]/[SIX 
Swiss 
Exchange]/[Nasdaq 
Stockholm AB]/[Nasdaq Helsinki]/[]. [The 
Tranche [ ] Products[, Tranche [ ] 
Products][ and Tranche [] Products] were 
[listed and] [admitted to trading] on [the 
multi lateral trading facility of the SeDeX 
Market (organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A)]/[the multilateral trading 
facility EuroTLX (managed by EuroTLX 
SIM 
S.p.A)]/[the 
Open 
Market 
(Freiverkehr) 
of 
the 
Frankfurt 
Stock 
Exchange 
(Börse 
Frankfurt 
Zertifikate 
AG)]/[SIX 
Swiss 
Exchange]/[Nasdaq 
Stockholm AB]/[Nasdaq Helsinki]/[] on or 
around [][,[]][and [], respectively] 
 
 
[The Products shall not be fungible with the 
Tranche [] Products [, the Tranche []

--- Page 615 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
614 
 
Products][or the Tranche [] Products] until 
such time as the Products are [listed] [and] 
[admitted to trading] as indicated above.] 
 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[[]/[Not Applicable]] 
2. 
[RATINGS] 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Products have not been individually 
rated.] 
 
 
[The Products to be issued have been rated: 
 
 
[S&P: []] 
 
 
[Moody's: []] 
 
 
[Fitch: []] 
 
 
[[Other]: []]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER]] 
 
[]7 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[] [General funding] [Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
5. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
 
[Include if applicable: [Specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal name] [repeat 
as necessary]. [As at the date of these Final Terms, [administrator legal name] [appears]/[does 
not appear] [repeat as necessary] in the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.] [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that [administrator legal name] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
Information in relation with ESG/sustainability features 
 
[if applicable, insert relevant information in relation with ESG/sustainability features, e.g. in 
relation to Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of 27 November 2019 on sustainability‐related 
disclosures in the financial services sector and/or a regulation on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment: []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
7  
Only include a description of any interests, including conflicting ones, that are material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved 
and the nature of the interest. Otherwise delete this paragraph 3.

--- Page 616 ---
Form of Pricing Supplement 
 
615 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer] 
By: ……………………………………….  
Duly authorised8] 
 
 
 
8  
Include if Euroclear Sweden is selected as a Relevant Clearing System.

--- Page 617 ---
Description of TCM ("Triparty Collateral Management") Secured Products 
 
616 
 
DESCRIPTION OF TCM ("TRIPARTY COLLATERAL MANAGEMENT") SECURED 
PRODUCTS 
1. 
Introduction 
Each TCM Secured Product is secured by collateral (the "Collateral") provided by Leonteq Securities 
AG (in such capacity, the "Collateral Provider") in accordance with the terms of the TCM Security 
Agreement (as defined below under the heading 'Documentation'). The Collateral Provider undertakes to 
secure the value of the TCM Secured Products at any given time. 
Each Investor in a TCM Secured Product is a "Collateral Taker" in respect of such TCM Secured 
Product and are represented by SIX Repo AG as the "Collateral Agent" (as described in detail below 
under the heading 'Documentation'). Each Collateral Taker has a security interest in the sense of Art. 25 
FISA regarding intermediated securities and a lien according to article 899 et seq. of the Swiss Civil 
Code regarding the cash, each as provided as Collateral to secure the TCM Secured Product. In respect 
of each TCM Secured Product, the Collateral is booked to an account of the Collateral Provider with SIX 
SIS AG (such account, the "Collateral Account"). SIX SIS AG, acting as an independent third party, 
manages both the Collateral Account and the collateral assignment for the relevant TCM Secured 
Product. 
The Collateral Provider has no right to dispose of the Collateral in the Collateral Account or to close or 
transfer the Collateral Account. The Collateral is valued by SIX SIS AG several times on each day banks 
are open for business in Zurich (a "Business Day").  
The Collateral required for the TCM Secured Products is determined by SIX SIS AG on the basis of the 
price information (a) provided by the Issuer and (b) published in the market information system of SIX 
Financial Information AG. The Collateral Provider shall be obliged to adjust the Collateral to account 
for any changes in value of the TCM Secured Product (for further detail please refer to the section below 
under the heading 'Collateralization Method'). Permitted types of collateral shall be selected by SIX SIS 
AG on an ongoing basis. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the TCM Security Agreement provides that 
the following are permitted types of collateral: cash deposits in specified currencies (e.g. in CHF, EUR, 
USD, GBP, or JPY) and certain types of securities (e.g., securities that directly or indirectly aggregate to 
the value of the relevant TCM Secured Product). Securities may only be used as collateral if the price is 
not older than four Business Days. The Collateral Provider shall, upon request at any given time, inform 
Investors about the Collateral that is eligible. The costs for the collateralisation of the TCM Secured 
Products will be included in the issue price and will not be billed separately to investors.  
2. 
Documentation 
The collateralization in favour of the Collateral Taker with regard to the TCM Secured Product issued 
by the Issuer is based on the security agreement between the Issuer (who is also the Collateral Provider), 
the Collateral Taker (represented by the Collateral Agent) and SIX SIS AG dated 12 December 2013 as 
amended (the "TCM Security Agreement"). The Issuer shall, upon request, provide a copy of the TCM 
Security Agreement to Investors free of charge. The TCM Security Agreement may be obtained from 
Issuer at Europaallee 39, CH-8004 Zurich, via telephone (+4158 800 1111), via fax (+4158 800 1010) 
or via e-mail (termsheet@leonteq.com). 
Under the terms of the TCM Security Agreement, the Issuer is responsible for issuing and pricing the 
TCM Secured Product. The Issuer is, at the same time, the Collateral Provider and, to that extent, is 
responsible for selecting the Collateral available for a deposit from the permitted types of collateral. 
Furthermore, the Collateral Provider provides collateral to the SIX SIS AG as custodian (the 
"Custodian"), and grants a lien in favour of the Collateral Taker with regard to the Collateral. 
The Collateral Taker is the Investor in the TCM Secured Product under the TCM Security Agreement. 
The Collateral Taker is the beneficiary for any proceeds from the sale of the Collateral provided as 
security for a TCM Secured Product if a Realization Event occurs. By purchasing a TCM Secured 
Product, the Collateral Taker agrees to exercise its rights under the TCM Security Agreement solely 
through the Collateral Agent. The acquisition of a TCM Secured Product by an Investor is automatically 
accompanied by a declaration to the Collateral Agent, as its representative, that the Collateral Agent may 
exercise the Investor's rights under the TCM Security Agreement in the event of a Realization Event. 
Investors are bound by the provisions of the TCM Security Agreement and particularly the choice of

--- Page 618 ---
Description of TCM ("Triparty Collateral Management") Secured Products 
 
617 
 
Swiss law and the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Canton of Zurich (Switzerland) vis-à-vis the 
Collateral Agent and SIX SIS AG.  
The Collateral Agent acts in accordance with the TCM Security Agreement as the direct representative 
of the Collateral Taker and acts on behalf of and in the Collateral Taker's name. In the case of a 
Realization Event, the Collateral Agent will use the collateral in favour of the Collateral Taker (see below 
under the heading 'Liquidation of Collateral'). 
SIX SIS AG acts as Custodian under the TCM Security Agreement, and is responsible for the 
administration of the Collateral Account on which the Collateral is booked. SIX SIS AG acts, in this 
regard, as a neutral and independent service provider and is not subject to the directions of the Collateral 
Provider as the account holder. Furthermore, SIX SIS AG shall act as an administrator under the TCM 
Security Agreement (the "Administrator") and will monitor and manage the Collateral assigned to the 
individual TCM Secured Product. The Administrator calculates the collateral requirements for a TCM 
Secured Product several times throughout each Business Day, and automatically assigns additional assets 
held by the Collateral Provider with the Custodian in a pool account ("Pool Account") to the Collateral 
Account, if necessary. If the assets held on the Pool Account are not sufficient, the Administrator informs 
the Issuer that additional Collateral must be provided. Furthermore, the Collateral Provider will inform 
the Collateral Agent if Realization Event has occurred. 
3. 
Collateralization Method 
The collateral that must be furnished by the Collateral Provider is determined by the value of the TCM 
Secured Product at any given time (the "Current Value"). The Current Value of the TCM Secured 
Product is calculated exclusively by, and with full responsibility of, the Collateral Provider in accordance 
with acknowledged accounting principles. Neither the Collateral Agent, nor SIX SIS AG nor SIX 
Financial Information AG recalculates or otherwise reviews the calculation of the Current Value. The 
Current Value is communicated by the Collateral Provider to SIX Financial Information AG who will 
then publish the Current Value. SIX SIS AG calculates whether the coverage requirements for the 
Collateral on the basis of the Current Value as published by SIX Financial Information AG are met. 
Neither the Collateral Agent, nor SIX SIS AG nor SIX Financial Information AG shall be liable for any 
losses or damages suffered by any Collateral Taker as a consequence of an inaccurate calculation of the 
Current Value or of an inaccurate communication of such value to SIX Financial Information AG. The 
calculation method shall be determined for each TCM Secured Product upon its issuance and shall remain 
unchanged for its entire term. The Collateral provided for a Product will not secure any other TCM 
Secured Product. 
4. 
Liquidation of Collateral 
A "Realization Event" will be deemed to have occurred if (i) the Collateral Provider fails to furnish the 
required collateral or fails to do so in due time, unless this is remedied within five (5) Business Days; (ii) 
the Issuer fails to pay the principal amount under the TCM Secured Product (but not any amount of 
interest, coupon or other intermediate payment) according to the Conditions when due, unless this is 
remedied within five (5) Business Days; or (iii) the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority 
("FINMA") orders protective measures with regard to the Issuer or the Collateral Provider under article 
26 paragraph 1 letter (f) or (h) of the Federal Act on Banks and Savings Banks (the "Banking Act"), or 
restructuring proceedings under article 28 et seq. of Banking Act or liquidation (winding-up proceedings) 
under article 33 et seq. of the Banking Act (each such event a "Realization Event"). The TCM Security 
Agreement provides for the exact time at which each Realization Event occurs. The remedy of a 
Realization Event is not possible.  
5. 
Determination of a Realization Event 
The Collateral Agent is not required to undertake investigations with regard to the occurrence of a 
Realization Event. In determining the occurrence of a Realization Event, it bases its decision on reliable 
sources of information only. The Collateral Agent determines with binding effect for the Investors 
whether an incident qualifies as a Realization Event and at what point in time the Realization Event 
occurred.

--- Page 619 ---
Description of TCM ("Triparty Collateral Management") Secured Products 
 
618 
 
6. 
Procedure in case of a Realization Event 
If a Realization Event occurs, the Collateral Agent is at its discretion entitled: (i) to make public the 
occurrence of a Realization Event immediately or at a later stage in suitable form; as well as (ii) to 
liquidate immediately or at a later stage – without regard to the amount of unsatisfied claims – all existing 
Collateral on a private basis, provided the applicable legal regulations or regulatory orders do not prohibit 
such private liquidation (and, if a private liquidation is not possible, hand the collateral over to the 
competent person for liquidation). 
7. 
Maturity of the TCM Secured Product as well as investor claims against the Issuer 
The Collateral Taker shall have a security interest in accordance with article 25 of the Swiss Federal 
Intermediated Securities Act ("FISA") over the intermediated securities and a lien according to article 
899 et seq. of the Swiss Civil Code over the cash, each as provided as Collateral to secure the TCM 
Secured Product. The Realization Event with regard to a TCM Secured Product will only trigger the 
consequences of a Realization Event for this particular TCM Secured Product (and not other TCM 
Secured Products of the Issuer). If a Realization Event with regard to a TCM Secured Product has 
occurred, the Collateral Agent will determine as the "Liquidation Value" of such TCM Secured Product 
the latest Current Value available prior to the occurrence of the Realization Event. This Liquidation 
Value shall be binding on the Collateral Provider and the Investors. Investors' claims against the Issuer 
will be based on this Liquidation Value when the TCM Secured Products mature in accordance with the 
TCM Security Agreement. 
8. 
Costs of liquidation and payout for the benefit of the investors 
Any costs of the Collateral Agent, including in connection with the liquidation of the Collateral 
(including fees, taxes and duties that arise in conjunction with liquidation) shall, in advance, be covered 
out of the proceeds of the liquidation of the Collateral (the "Liquidation Proceeds"). In addition, the 
Collateral Agent shall be entitled to satisfy, in advance and out of the Liquidation Proceeds, any 
outstanding claims it holds against the Collateral Provider under the terms of the TCM Security 
Agreement. The remaining Liquidation Proceeds are available for payout to the Investors in the relevant 
TCM Secured Product. Each Investor's pro-rata share of the net Liquidation Proceeds will be paid to 
Investors via SIX SIS AG on a delivery versus payment basis. Once this payment has been made the 
Collateral Agent is released from all further obligations. The claim of the Investors is non-interest-
bearing. Payment to Investors following the occurrence of a Realization Event may be only occur upon 
completion of the liquidation of the Collateral in accordance with the terms of the TCM Security 
Agreement. If the payment is delayed for any reason, the Collateral Agent and SIX SIS AG are not liable 
to pay either default interest or damages. Each TCM Secured Product will only be secured by the 
Collateral assigned on the Collateral Account to the respective TCM Secured Product. The Investors' 
claims against the Issuer in respect of the TCM Secured Product are reduced by the amount of the 
payment of the Net Liquidation Proceeds. No further Investors' claims exist against the Collateral Agent, 
SIX SIS AG or other persons which are involved in the collateralisation service for the TCM Secured 
Product under the terms of the TCM Security Agreement.

--- Page 620 ---
Clearance and Settlement 
 
619 
 
CLEARANCE AND SETTLEMENT 
The information appearing below is based on the Issuers understanding of the rules and procedures of 
the relevant Clearing System as derived from public sources. These rules and procedures are subject to 
change. 
Products held through a Relevant Clearing System 
Transfers of Products which are held in a Relevant Clearing System may be effected only through the 
Relevant Clearing System(s) in which the Products to be transferred are held. Title will pass upon 
registration of the transfer in the books of the Relevant Clearing System(s) and in accordance with the 
local laws, regulations and/or rules governing such Relevant Clearing Systems. 
Beneficial interests in the Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities will be shown on, and transfers 
thereof will be effected through, records maintained by the Relevant Clearing System(s) and its 
respective participants.  
Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg have published rules and operating procedures designed to facilitate 
transfers of beneficial interests in Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities among participants and 
accountholders of Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg. However, they are under no obligation to 
perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed 
at any time. None of the Issuer, the Paying Agent or the Lead Manager will be responsible for any 
performance by Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg or their respective direct or indirect participants or 
accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations 
and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on 
account of beneficial interests in the Products represented by Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities or 
for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests. 
Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg hold securities for their customers and facilitate the clearance and 
settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account 
holders. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg provides various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear/Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their 
respective participants may settle trades with each other. Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg customers 
are world-wide financial institutions, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust 
companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg is available 
to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of 
either system. 
Euroclear Sweden 
Euroclear Sweden is a subsidiary within the Euroclear group of companies. Euroclear Sweden is a limited 
liability company. It is authorised and regulated by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority as a 
central securities deposit within the meaning of the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and 
Financial Instruments Accounts Act (1998:1479) (as amended) and as a clearing organisation within the 
meaning of Regulation (EU) 909/2014. Swedish Securities will be issued in registered, uncertificated 
and dematerialised book-entry form with Euroclear Sweden in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. 
No physical notes, certificates or other physical instruments (whether in global, temporary or definitive 
form) will be issued in respect of the Swedish Securities other than as specifically allowed in the General 
Conditions. All transactions relating to the Swedish Securities (such as issuance, sale and transfer, pledge 
arrangements and other dispositions and redemptions) are executed as computerised book-entry 
registrations. Consequently, in order to effect such entries Holders must establish a book-entry account 
through a credit institution or a securities firm acting as an account operator with Euroclear Sweden. 
More information regarding Euroclear Sweden and its rules and operating procedures can be found at its 
internet web site at https://www.euroclear.com/sweden/en.html. The information on such website does 
not form part of the prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 621 ---
Clearance and Settlement 
 
620 
 
Monte Titoli 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. ("Monte Titoli") is an Italian public limited liability company which manages 
account operations and clearing activities for the Italian financial market. Monte Titoli is an authorised 
securities register pursuant to article 80 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24th February, 1998 
as amended from time to time ("Italian Financial Services Act"). Monte Titoli is part of the London 
Stock Exchange Group. 
SIX SIS AG 
SIX SIS AG is part of SIX Group. 
As both a central securities depository and an international central securities depository, SIX SIS AG 
offers banks and other financial market participants the safe custody of securities, a full range of custody 
services and the settlement of securities transactions. SIX SIS AG settles securities transactions 
worldwide, including transactions in uncertificated securities.  
In the Swiss market, SIX SIS AG is part of the so-called Swiss value chain. The links to the SIX Swiss 
Exchange AG and the payment systems SIC/euroSIC, ensure fully automated settlement in central bank 
money.

--- Page 622 ---
Taxation 
 
621 
 
TAXATION 
Investors should be aware that the tax legislation of the country in which the Investor is resident 
and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the 
Products. 
The level and basis of taxation on the Products and on the Investor depend on the Investors 
individual circumstances and could change at any time and may have an adverse impact on the 
return received by the investor under the Product. 
1. 
General taxation information 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete overview of tax law and practice 
currently applicable to the Products. Transactions involving Products (including purchases, 
transfers and/or redemptions), the accrual or receipt of any interest or premium payable on the 
Products, the delivery of any entitlement and the death of a holder of any Product may have tax 
consequences for Investors which may depend, amongst other things, upon the tax residence 
and/or status of the Investor, the terms and conditions of the particular Product and the relevant 
law and practice of taxation authorities in relevant jurisdictions. Investors are therefore advised 
to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of transactions involving Products and 
the effect of any tax laws in any jurisdiction in which they may be tax resident or otherwise liable 
to tax. In particular, no representation is made as to the manner in which payments under the 
Products would be characterised by any relevant taxing authority. 
The following overviews do not consider the tax treatment of payments or deliveries in respect of the 
relevant Underlying(s). The taxation provisions applicable to such items may be different (and in some 
cases significantly different) from those described in the overview below. 
Purchasers and/or sellers of Products may be required to pay stamp taxes and other charges in addition 
to the issue price or purchase price (if different) of the Products and in connection with the transfer or 
delivery of any Underlying.  
Investors are referred to General Condition 5.6 (Taxes, Settlement Expenses and conditions to settlement) 
and General Condition 6 (Redemption and Settlement). 
Terms defined in the sections below are defined for the purpose of the relevant section only.  
2. 
Czech Republic Taxation 
The summary herein provides general information regarding tax obligations in respect of any transaction 
involving the Products, including but not limited to holding of the Products, pursuant to the Act No. 
586/1992 Coll., on Income Tax, as amended (the "Czech ITA"). 
There is no Czech withholding tax pursuant to the Czech ITA arising in connection with the Products. It 
is assumed that the Issuer of the Products is not a resident of the Czech Republic for Czech tax purposes, 
has not a permanent establishment in the territory of the Czech Republic and has not employed its 
employees here (in the territory of the Czech Republic) for more than 183 days, except for cases of 
providing services (i.e, thus is assumed that the Issuer is not considered as a so called tax remitter 
pursuant to the Czech ITA). 
This summary does not define the exact tax implications for prospective purchasers with tax residency 
in the Czech Republic and it does not consider any specific double taxation treaty. Income derived from 
holding (interest payments) or disposal (transfer) of Products may have tax implications for prospective 
purchasers. Prospective purchasers of any Products should consult their own tax advisers in the Czech 
Republic about the tax implications of holding any Product and of any transaction involving any Product. 
3. 
Dutch Taxation 
General 
The following summary outlines the principal Netherlands tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, 
settlement, redemption and disposal of the Products, but does not purport to be a comprehensive

--- Page 623 ---
Taxation 
 
622 
 
description of all Netherlands tax considerations in relation thereto. For purposes of Netherlands tax law, 
a holder of Products may include an individual or entity who does not have the legal title of these 
Products, but to whom nevertheless the Products or the income thereof is attributed based on specific 
statutory provisions or on the basis of such individual or entity having an interest in the Products or the 
income thereof. This summary is intended as general information only and each prospective investor 
should consult a professional tax adviser with respect to the tax consequences of an investment in the 
Products. 
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and published policy, 
in each case as in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and does not take into account any 
developments or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments or amendments 
have retroactive effect. 
This summary does not address the Netherlands tax consequences for: 
(a) 
holders of Products holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial 
interest (fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer and holders of Products of whom a certain 
related person holds a substantial interest in the Issuer. Generally speaking, a substantial interest 
in the Issuer arises if a person, alone or, where such person is an individual, together with his or 
her partner (statutory defined term), directly or indirectly, holds or is deemed to hold (i) an 
interest of 5% or more of the total issued capital of the Issuer or of 5% or more of the issued 
capital of a certain class of shares of the Issuer, (ii) rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, such 
interest or (iii) certain profit sharing rights in the Issuer; 
(b) 
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen); 
(c) 
pension funds, exempt investment institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) or other 
entities that are exempt from Netherlands corporate income tax; 
(d) 
persons to whom the Products and the income from the Products are attributed based on the 
separated private assets (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the Netherlands 
income tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001) and the Netherlands gift and inheritance 
tax Act (Successiewet 1956); 
(e) 
entities which are a resident of Aruba, Curacao or Sint Maarten that have an enterprise which is 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on Bonaire, Sint 
Eustatius or Saba, to which permanent establishment or permanent representative the Products 
are attributable; and 
(f) 
individuals to whom Products or the income therefrom are attributable to employment activities 
which are taxed as employment income in the Netherlands. 
Where this summary refers to the Netherlands, such reference is restricted to the part of the Kingdom of 
the Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the Kingdom. 
This summary does not describe the consequences of the exchange or the conversion of the Products. 
(1) 
Withholding Tax 
All payments made by the Issuer under the Products may - except in certain very specific cases as 
described below if the Issuer is acting through its Amsterdam Branch- be made free of withholding or 
deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands 
or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable if such payments are 
attributable to the Amsterdam Branch of the Issuer and the payments are made to an affiliated (gelieerde) 
entity of the Issuer that (i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the 
yearly updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes 
(Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) 
has a permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is 
entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation of 
another person, or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence

--- Page 624 ---
Taxation 
 
623 
 
because such jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (hybrid 
mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), all within the meaning of 
the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
(2) 
Corporate and Individual Income Tax 
Residents of the Netherlands 
If a holder is a resident or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Netherlands tax purposes and 
is fully subject to Netherlands corporate income tax or is only subject to Netherlands corporate income 
tax in respect of an enterprise to which the Products are attributable, income derived from the Products 
and gains realised upon the redemption, settlement or disposal of the Products are generally taxable in 
the Netherlands (at up to a maximum rate of 25%). 
If an individual is a resident or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Netherlands tax purposes, 
income derived from the Products and gains realised upon the redemption, settlement or disposal of the 
Products are taxable at the progressive rates (up to 49.50 per cent. in 2021) under the Netherlands income 
tax act 2001, if: 
(a) 
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the Products are 
attributable or the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net worth 
of an enterprise (medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the Products are attributable; or 
(b) 
such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden), which include the performance of activities with respect to the Products that 
exceed regular, active portfolio management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (a) nor condition (b) applies, an individual that holds the Products, must determine 
taxable income with regard to the Products on the basis of a deemed return on income from savings and 
investments (sparen en beleggen), rather than on the basis of income actually received or gains actually 
realised. For 2021, the deemed return ranges from 1.90 per cent. to 5.69 per cent. of the value of the 
individual's net assets as at the beginning of the relevant fiscal year (including the Products). The 
applicable rates will be updated annually on the basis of historic market yields. Subject to application of 
certain allowances, the deemed return will be taxed at the prevailing statutory rate (31 per cent. in 2021). 
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
If a person is not a resident nor is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Netherlands tax purposes, 
such holder is not liable to Netherlands income tax in respect of income derived from the Products and 
gains realised upon the settlement, redemption or disposal of the Products, unless: 
(a) 
the person is not an individual and such person (i) has an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands 
to which permanent establishment or permanent representative the Products are attributable, or 
(ii) is (other than by way of Products) entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co-
entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands 
and to which enterprise the Products are attributable. 
This income is subject to Netherlands corporate income tax at up to a maximum rate of 25%. 
(b) 
the person is an individual and such individual (i) has an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise 
that is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in the Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent representative 
the Products are attributable, or (ii) realises income or gains with respect to the Products that 
qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in the 
Netherlands, which activities include the performance of activities in the Netherlands with 
respect to the Products which exceed regular, active portfolio management (normaal, actief 
vermogensbeheer), or (iii) is (other than by way of Products) entitled to a share in the profits of 
an enterprise which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the 
Products are attributable.

--- Page 625 ---
Taxation 
 
624 
 
Income derived from the Products as specified under (1) and (2) by an individual is subject to individual 
income tax at progressive rates up to a maximum rate of 49.50%. Income derived from a share in the 
profits of an enterprise as specified under (3) that is not already included under (1) or (2) will be taxed 
on the basis of a deemed return on savings and investments (as described above under "Residents of the 
Netherlands"). 
(3) 
Gift and Inheritance Tax 
Netherlands gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of a Product by 
way of gift by, or on the death of, a holder of a Product, unless: 
(a) 
the holder of a Product is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions; or 
(b) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions. 
For the purpose of Dutch gift and inheritance tax, an individual who has the Dutch nationality will be 
deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands at the date of the gift or the date of his death, if he has been a 
resident of the Netherlands at any time during the ten years preceding the date of the gift or the date of 
his death. 
For the purposes of Dutch gift tax, an individual who does not have the Dutch nationality will be deemed 
to be a resident of the Netherlands at the date of the gift, if he or she has been a resident of the Netherlands 
at any time during the twelve months preceding the date of the gift. 
(4) 
Value Added Tax 
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the 
Products or in respect of a cash payment made under the Products, or in respect of a transfer of Products. 
(5) 
Other Taxes and Duties 
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or duty 
will be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the subscription, issue, 
placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of the Products 
4. 
Finnish Taxation 
The following overview relates only to Finnish withholding tax issues for payments made in respect of 
the Products to persons who are generally liable to tax in Finland (i.e. persons that are Finnish residents 
for tax purposes). The overview does not deal with any other Finnish tax implications of acquiring, 
holding or disposing of the Products. Investors are advised to seek professional advice relating to other 
tax implications in respect of acquiring, holding or disposing of the Products. 
On the basis that the Issuers are not resident in Finland for tax purposes and are not operating through a 
branch office, permanent establishment or other fixed place of business in Finland in connection with the 
Products, there is no Finnish withholding tax (Fi. lähdevero) applicable to the payments made by the 
Issuer in respect of the Products.  
However, Finland operates a system of preliminary taxation (Fi. ennakonpidätysjärjestelmä) to secure 
payment of taxes in certain circumstances. In the context of the Products, a tax of 30 per cent. will be 
deducted and withheld from all payments (including redemption proceeds/premium) that are treated as 
interest or as compensation comparable to interest, when such payments are made by a Finnish Paying 
Agent to individuals. Any preliminary tax (Fi. ennakonpidätys) will be used for the payment of the 
individual's final taxes (which means that they are credited against the individual's final tax liability).  
If, however, the Products are regarded as warrants or certificates for Finnish tax purposes, any profits on 
warrants or certificates would, based on current Finnish court practice, be considered a capital gain (as 
opposed to interest or compensation comparable to interest). Therefore, any payments made in respect 
of Products that are regarded as warrants or certificates may be made without deduction or withholding

--- Page 626 ---
Taxation 
 
625 
 
for or on account of Finnish tax and should, accordingly, not be subject to any preliminary taxation (Fi. 
ennakonpidätys) by a Finnish Paying Agent. 
5. 
German Taxation 
The following explanations take into account only the taxation of German tax residents whose residence, 
habitual abode, statutory seat or effective place of management and control is located in Germany 
("German tax residents"). 
In case of German tax residents being individuals who hold the Products as private assets interest 
payments and capital returns from the sale or repayment or exercise of the Products for cash settlement 
are subject to a German withholding tax, if the Products are kept or managed in an investment portfolio 
in a domestic credit or financial services institution (including a domestic branch office of a foreign credit 
or financial services institution) or in a domestic trading company or domestic trading bank, or if the sale 
is carried out through these institutions and the payment of interest or capital returns is paid out or 
credited by the respective institution ("paying office"). 
In principle, the basis for calculation is the interest amount or the difference between the income from 
the sale or repayment after deduction of expenses that are directly related to the sale transaction or the 
repayment, and the acquisition costs. In the case of transactions that are not conducted in euros, the 
income must be converted into euros at the time of sale and the cost of purchase into euros at the time of 
purchase. 
Certain Products provide for a physical delivery of securities instead of a cash settlement according to 
the relevant Conditions of such Products. In this case, the acquisition costs of the initial Products would 
be deemed to be the acquisition costs of the delivered securities if certain requirements are met so that 
under certain circumstances the conversion would be treated as tax neutral. However, capital gains 
realized upon an on-sale of the received securities would be taxable. 
The withholding tax rate is 26.375% (including the solidarity surcharge, plus church tax if applicable). 
In the course of determining the annual investment income, an annual exemption of EUR 801 for 
individual tax payers or EUR 1,602 for tax payers who are assessed jointly, is deducted as a lump sum 
(Sparer-Pauchbetrag). Subject to specific requirements the investment income is not subject to German 
withholding tax. This is the case if a withholding tax exemption certificate (Freistellungsauftrag) is 
issued or if a certificate of non-assessment (Nichtveranlagungsbescheinigung) is submitted. A 
withholding tax exemption certificate needs to be submitted to the paying office and leads to an 
exemption equalling the lump sum deduction amount at the maximum. A certificate of non-assessment 
is issued by the local tax office being competent for the Product Investor and needs to be submitted to 
the paying office.  
In principle, the income tax is covered with respect to these revenues with the deduction of the 
withholding tax (so called final withholding tax). The actual expenses in connection with the capital 
gains are not deductible for tax purposes. For individuals subject to church tax an electronic information 
system for church withholding tax purposes applies in relation to investment income, with the effect that 
church tax will be collected automatically by the paying office by way of withholding unless the Product 
Investor has filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the German Federal Central Tax Office 
(Bundeszentralamt für Steuern) in which case the Product Investor will be assessed to church tax. 
If the capital returns are not paid out by a paying office and if, therefore, no withholding tax is due, the 
income is subject to a tax rate of 26.375% (including the solidarity surcharge, plus church tax if 
applicable).  
A general assessment at the individual personal tax rate is possible if the personal marginal tax rate of 
the taxpayer does not exceed 25%. (Günstigerprüfung). However, also within this assessment procedure, 
no deduction of income-related expenses is possible. 
In case the Products of German tax residents are held as business assets, the aforementioned 
considerations generally apply mutatis mutandis. However, German withholding tax levied, if any, is not 
final but will be credited as prepayments against the German personal income or corporate income tax 
(plus solidarity surcharge). Amounts over withheld will generally entitle the Product Investor to a refund. 
The lump sum deduction procedures (Sparer-Pauschbetrag) are not applicable. Instead actual expenses

--- Page 627 ---
Taxation 
 
626 
 
incurred can generally be deducted. The investment income is additionally subject to German trade tax, 
as the case may be. Subject to specific requirements capital gains from the sale or repayment or exercise 
of the Products for cash settlement are not subject to German withholding tax.  
The coalition agreement of the 19th legislative period stipulated the partial abolition of the final 
withholding tax, in particular, on private investment income such as interest income and the abolition of 
the solidarity surcharge for a certain number of taxpayers depending on their income. With the legislative 
period coming to an end, no abolition of the final withholding tax on private investment income was 
enacted and the solidarity surcharge for capital gains remains unamended.  
The gratuitous transfer of a Product by a Product Holder as a gift or by reason of the death of the Product 
Investor is subject to German gift or inheritance tax if the Product Investor or the recipient is resident or 
deemed to be resident in Germany under German law at the time of the transfer. If neither the Product 
Investor nor the recipient is resident, or deemed to be resident, in Germany at the time of the transfer no 
German gift or inheritance tax is levied unless the Products form part of the business property for which 
a permanent establishment or fixed base is maintained in Germany by the Product Investor.  
Implementation of the OECD Common Reporting Standard and the amended Mutual Assistance 
Directive in Germany  
In Germany, the amended EU Mutual Assistance Directive and the OECD Common Reporting Standard 
were implemented by the Act on the Exchange of Financial Accounts Information (Finanzkonten-
Informationsaustauschgesetz – FKAustG). The main content of the act is a common reporting standard 
for automatic information exchange on financial accounts. In principle, the FKAustG imposes an 
obligation on financial institutes to transmit the necessary information to the German Federal Central 
Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für Steuern) every 31 July of the respective subsequent year. For instance, 
necessary information are the name, the address, the member state/s of residence and the tax 
identification number(s). 
6. 
Guernsey Taxation 
The following summary is general in nature and relates only to the anticipated tax treatment in Guernsey 
that applies to persons holding any Products as an investment. The summary does not constitute legal or 
tax advice and is based on Guernsey taxation law and practice as it is understood to apply at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. Investors and prospective investors should be aware that the level and bases of 
taxation may change from those described and should consult their own professional advisors on the 
implications of acquiring, holding, disposing of, transferring or redeeming any Products under the laws 
of the countries in which they are liable to taxation. 
(i) 
Stamp Taxes: No stamp duty or document duty will be levied or charged in Guernsey upon the 
issue of the Products or upon the transfer, sale or redemption of the Products. 
(ii) 
Payments of Interest and Redemption Proceeds: Payments of interest and the payment of capital 
proceeds arising upon the redemption or repurchase of the Products to non-Guernsey residents 
will not be subject to Guernsey withholding tax. 
(iii) 
Capital Taxes: Guernsey does not levy capital taxes upon any gains by non-Guernsey resident 
investors on securities or debt instruments. 
7. 
Ireland Taxation 
This has been prepared to contain the minimal level of detail required to be disclosed under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. It does not describe generally how Irish investors in any of the Products would 
be taxed. 
The following comments are of a general nature, relating only to the position of persons who are absolute 
beneficial owners of the Products and is based on Irish law and what is understood to be the current 
practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners, in each case at the date of this Base Prospectus, which may 
change at any time, possibly with retrospective effect. The following is a general overview only of the 
Irish withholding taxation treatment at the date hereof in relation to income payments in respect of the 
Products and certain provisions allowing the Revenue Commissioners to obtain and exchange

--- Page 628 ---
Taxation 
 
627 
 
information. The comments are not exhaustive, and do not deal with other Irish tax aspects of acquiring, 
holding, disposing of or abandoning the Products. 
Interest payments 
Interest will only be subject to a deduction on account of Irish income tax if it has an Irish source in 
which case it may fall to be paid under deduction of Irish income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per 
cent.) subject to such relief as may be available under the provisions of any applicable double taxation 
treaty or to any other exemption which may apply. 
The location of the source of a payment is a complex matter. It is necessary to have regard to case law 
and the practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners. The most important factors in determining the 
source of a payment are where the Issuer does business and where its assets are located, since these 
influence where a creditor would sue for payment. Depending on the circumstances, other relevant 
factors may include the place of performance of the contract, the method of payment, the proper law of 
contract, the competent jurisdiction for any legal action and the location of any security for the debt 
although, other factors may also be relevant. 
Where interest has an Irish source, any payment of interest may nonetheless be made without withholding 
or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax where any of the following conditions are satisfied: 
(i) 
if the Products are and continue to be "quoted Eurobonds" as defined in section 64 of the Taxes 
Consolidation Act, 1997. The Products will constitute "quoted Eurobonds" if they carry a right 
to interest and are and continue to be listed on a recognised stock exchange and are held in a 
recognised clearing system within the meaning of section 64; or 
(ii) 
if the relevant interest is paid on Products with a maturity date of less than one year from the 
date of issue and which are not issued under arrangements the effect of which is to render such 
Products part of a borrowing with a total term of a year or more. 
The references to "interest" above mean "interest" as understood in Irish tax law and in particular any 
premium element of the redemption amount of any Products redeemable at a premium may constitute a 
payment of interest subject to the withholding tax provisions discussed above and reporting requirements 
as outlined below. The statements above do not take any account of any different definitions of "interest" 
or "principal" which may prevail under any other law or which may be created by the terms and 
conditions of the Products or any related documentation. 
Other payments 
Payments under the Products which do not amount to interest or annual payments for the purposes of 
Irish tax will normally not be subject to Irish withholding tax. 
Information Exchange 
The Irish Revenue Commissioners have powers, in certain circumstances, to obtain information. The 
persons from whom the Irish Revenue Commissioners can obtain information include: a person who 
receives (or is entitled to receive) a payment derived from Products; a person who makes such a payment 
(received from, or paid on behalf of another person); a person by or through whom interest is paid or 
credited; a person who effects or is a party to transactions in respect of Products (which includes an issue 
of Products) on behalf of others; registrars or administrators in respect of transactions in respect of 
Products; and each registered or inscribed Investors. The information the Revenue Commissioners can 
obtain includes: details of the beneficial owner of the Products; details of the person for whom the 
Products are held, or the person to whom the payment is to be made (and, if more than one, their 
respective interests) and information and documents relating to transactions in the Products.  
In certain circumstances the information which the Revenue Commissioners have obtained using these 
powers may be exchanged with tax authorities in other jurisdictions. 
8. 
Italian Taxation 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which could be made

--- Page 629 ---
Taxation 
 
628 
 
on a retroactive basis. The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all 
the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of 
the Products and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. 
Investors in the Products are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their ownership of the Products. The following analysis is an overview of certain 
material Italian tax considerations relating to (i) Products issued by the Issuer where the Investor is tax 
resident in Italy or the investment is related to an Italian permanent establishment or (ii) Products are 
deposited with or any payment of interest and proceeds is made through a Paying Agent, custodian or 
intermediary located in Italy.  
This summary does not describe the tax consequences for an Investor with respect to Products that will 
be redeemed by physical delivery.  
As clarified by the Italian tax authorities in resolution No. 72/E of 12 July 2010, the Italian tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Products may be different depending on 
whether:  
(i) 
they represent a securitised debt claim, implying a static "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), 
through which the subscriber of the Products transfers to the Issuer a certain amount of capital 
for the purpose of obtaining a remuneration on the same capital and subject to the right to 
obtain its (partial or entire) reimbursement at maturity; or  
(ii) 
they represent a securitised derivative financial instrument or bundle of derivative financial 
instruments not entailing a "use of capital", through which the subscriber of the Products invests 
indirectly in underlying financial instruments for the purpose of obtaining a profit deriving from 
the negotiation of such underlying financial instruments.  
The content of this section of the Base Prospectus assumes that the Issuer is neither resident for tax 
purposes in Italy, nor it has a permanent establishment located in Italy. 
(a) 
Products characterising as "bonds or debentures similar to bonds" 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 ("Decree 239"), as subsequently amended, provides 
for the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income 
(including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from Products 
falling in the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, by a non-Italian resident issuer. For this purpose, bonds and 
debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at 
redemption, an amount not lower than their nominal value and which do not grant the holder 
any direct or indirect right of participation in (or of control of) management of the Issuer. 
Italian resident Investors  
Where the Italian resident Investor of the Products is (i) an individual not engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Products are connected (unless he has opted for the 
application of the risparmio gestito regime – see "Capital Gains Tax" below), (ii) a non-
commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, or (iv) an investor 
exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, interest, premium and other income relating to 
the Products, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a withholding tax, 
referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. In the event that the Investors 
described under (i) and (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Products are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax.  
Where an Italian resident Investor of the Products is a company or similar commercial entity or 
a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Products are effectively 
connected and the Products are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium 
and other income from the Products will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be 
included in the relevant Investor's income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian 
corporate income taxation ("IRES") (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" 
of the Investor, also to the regional tax on productive activities ("IRAP")).

--- Page 630 ---
Taxation 
 
629 
 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted 
into law with amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 ("Decree 351"), Law Decree 
No. 78 of 31 May 2010 converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 
44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, payments of interest in respect of the Products made to 
Italian resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law 
No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and Italian real estate investment companies with fixed capital ("Real 
Estate SICAFs", and, together with the Italian resident real estate investment funds, the "Real 
Estate Funds") are subject neither to substitute tax nor to any other income tax in the hands of 
a Real Estate Fund, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders 
will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent., subject to certain 
conditions, depending on the status of the investor and percentage of participation, income of 
the Real Estate Fund is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder 
regardless of distribution.  
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, an 
Italian investment company with fixed capital ("SICAF") or an Italian investment company 
with variable capital ("SICAV") established in Italy (together the "Fund") and either (i) the 
Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority, and the relevant 
Products are held by an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income accrued 
during the holding period on the Products will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be 
included in the management results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on 
such results but a substitute tax of 26 per cent. (the "Collective Investment Fund Tax") will 
apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders.  
Where an Italian resident Investor of the Products is a pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the 
Products are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income 
relating to the Products and accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the 
tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax.  
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Italian investment companies 
(società di intermediazione mobiliare) (SIMs), fiduciary companies, Italian asset management 
companies (società di gestione del risparmio) (SGRs), stockbrokers and other entities identified 
by a decree of the Ministry of Economics and Finance (each an "Intermediary").  
An Intermediary must (i) be resident in Italy or be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-
Italian resident financial intermediary and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest 
or in the transfer of the Products. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, 
a transfer of Products includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, 
which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Products or in a change of the 
Intermediary with which the Products are deposited.  
Where the Products are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied 
and withheld by any Italian financial intermediary paying interest to an Investor of a Product. If 
interest and other proceeds on the Products are not collected through an Intermediary or any 
entity paying the income and as such no imposta sostitutiva is levied, Italian resident beneficial 
owners will be required to include interest and other proceeds in their yearly income tax return 
and subject them to a final substitute tax at a rate of 26%. The Italian individual investor may 
elect instead to pay ordinary personal income tax ("IRPEF") at the applicable progressive rates 
in respect of the payments; if so, the investor should generally benefit from a tax credit for 
withholding taxes applied outside of Italy, if any. 
Non-Italian Resident Investors  
No Italian imposta sostitutiva is applied on payments to a non-Italian resident Investor of 
Products of interest or premium relating to the Products provided that, if the Products are 
deposited with an Intermediary in Italy, the non-Italian resident Investor of Products declares 
itself to be a non-Italian resident according to Italian tax regulations.

--- Page 631 ---
Taxation 
 
630 
 
(b) 
Taxation of Products not guaranteeing the full repayment of principal  
The Products – when they do not represent a debt instrument implying a "use of capital" 
(impiego di capitale), through which the Investor transfers to the Issuer a certain amount of 
capital, for the economic exploitation of the same, subject to the unconditional right to obtain 
the entire reimbursement of such amount at maturity - may be subject to different tax regimes 
depending on whether: 
(i) 
they represent derivative financial instruments; or 
(ii) they represent a debt instrument implying a "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), 
through which the Investor transfers to the Issuer a certain amount of capital, for the 
economic exploitation of the same, and qualifying as atypical securities according to 
Article 8 of Law Decree N° 512 of 30 September 1983. 
(c) 
Products representing derivative financial instruments 
Provided that the Products qualify broadly as derivative instruments for the purposes of Italian 
tax law, the following consequences apply to an Investor pursuant to Article 67 of Presidential 
Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as subsequently amended ("TUIR").  
Pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as subsequently amended, where 
the Italian resident investor is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Products are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial 
private or public institution, or (iv) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
any income deriving from the Products is subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax (imposta 
sostitutiva). The recipient may opt for the three different taxation criteria, regime della 
dichiarazione, risparmio amministrato and risparmio gestito, described in the "Capital Gains 
Tax" paragraph below.  
Where an Italian resident investor is a company or similar commercial entity, or the Italian 
permanent establishment of a foreign commercial entity to which the Products are effectively 
connected, income arising from the Products will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must 
be included in the relevant investor's income tax return and are therefore subject to Italian 
corporate tax and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the investors also as a 
part of the net value of production for IRAP purposes.  
Where (i) an Italian resident investor is a Fund, (ii) the relevant Products are deposited with an 
authorised intermediary, and (iii) the Fund realises a taxable income, such income will be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. The Fund 
will not be subject to taxation on such results but subsequent distributions in favour of 
unitholders or shareholders may be subject to the Collective Investment Fund Tax.  
Income realised by an Italian resident Investor which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the 
regime provided by Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject 
to the 20 per cent. ad hoc substitute tax.  
Any income realised by an Italian Real Estate Fund will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva 
nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund.  
Any income deriving from the Products by non-Italian resident Investors without a permanent 
establishment in the Republic of Italy to which the Products are effectively connected are not 
subject to Italian taxation, provided that the Products are held outside Italy or the income derive 
from transactions executed in regulated markets.  
Income realised by non-Italian resident Investors on Products not traded on regulated markets 
and deposited with a bank, a SIM or certain authorised financial intermediary in Italy are not 
subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective beneficiary: (a) is resident in a 
country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy, is resident in a 
country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy as listed in the Italian 
Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended by Ministerial Decree of 23 April 2017

--- Page 632 ---
Taxation 
 
631 
 
and possibly further amended by future decrees issued pursuant to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 
239 (the "White List"); (b) is an international entity or body set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; (c) is a Central Bank or an entity 
which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional 
investor which is resident in a country which is included in the White List, even if not subject 
to tax in its own country of residence.  
In order to benefit from the tax exemption, non-resident investors who deposited the Products 
with a bank, a SIM or certain authorised financial intermediaries in Italy must withdraw from 
the so-called risparmio amministrato regime - which provides for the application of an imposta 
sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the relevant 
Products - and file with the relevant depositary a statement in which the Investor declares to be 
eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, 
which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy or in the case of foreign Central Banks or 
entities which manage the official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the 
requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001.  
If none of the conditions above are met and the Products are deposited with a bank, a SIM or 
certain authorised financial intermediaries in Italy, income realised by non-Italian resident 
Investors from the sale or redemption of the Products are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at 
the current rate of 26 per cent. In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without 
a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Products are connected, that may benefit from 
a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that income deriving from the Products are to be 
taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient and comply with the relevant 
formalities, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon 
the sale or redemption of Products.  
(d) 
Atypical securities  
In accordance with a different interpretation of current tax law, there is a possibility that the 
Products that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures 
similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) would be considered as 'atypical' securities 
pursuant to Article 8 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 as implemented by Law No. 
649 of 25 November 1983 ("Atypical Securities"). In this event, payments relating to Products 
may be subject to an Italian withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. Such withholding 
is levied by any entities, resident in Italy, which intervene, in any way, in the collection of 
payment or transfer of the Products. 
The 26 per cent. withholding tax mentioned above does not apply to interest payments made to 
a non-Italian resident Investor of Products and to an Italian resident Investor of Products which 
is (i) a company or similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of 
foreign entities), (ii) a commercial partnership, or (iii) a commercial private or public institution. 
Such income might be subject to income tax in the respective Investor's jurisdiction of residence. 
Capital Gains 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Products would be treated as part of the taxable 
income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Investor, also as part of the net 
value of production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity 
(including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Products are connected) 
or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Products are connected.  
Where an Italian resident Investor is (i) an individual not holding the Products in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public 
institution, any capital gain realised by such Investor from the sale or redemption of the Products would 
be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 per cent. Investors of Products may 
set off losses against gains, subject to conditions.  
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below.

--- Page 633 ---
Taxation 
 
632 
 
Under the "tax declaration" regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Investors 
of a Product under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a 
cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian resident 
individuals holding Products not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or 
redemptions of the Products carried out during any given tax year. The relevant Investor of a Product 
must indicate the overall capital gain realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in 
its annual tax return and pay the imposta sostitutiva on such gain together with any balance of income 
tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital 
gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years, subject to certain limits.  
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individuals holding the Products under (i) 
to (iii) above may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or 
redemption of the Products (the "risparmio amministrato" regime). Such separate taxation of capital 
gains is allowed subject to (i) the Products being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised 
financial intermediaries (including permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries); and (ii) 
an express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being punctually made in writing by the 
relevant Investor of Products. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in 
respect of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Products (as well as in respect of capital 
gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay 
the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding 
amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Investor of Products or using funds provided by the 
Investor of Products for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or 
redemption of the Products results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains 
subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following 
tax years up to the fourth, subject to certain limits.  
Any capital gains realised by Italian Investors of a Product under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted 
the management of their financial assets, including the Products, to an authorised intermediary and have 
opted for the so-called "risparmio gestito" regime will be included in the computation of the annual 
increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. 
substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito regime, 
any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against any increase 
in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years., subject to certain limits 
Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Investor of Products is not required to declare the capital gains 
realised in its annual tax return.  
Any capital gains realized by an Investor of Products which is an Italian Fund will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, but will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio. Such result will not be 
taxed with the Fund, but subsequent distributions in favour of unitholders or shareholders may be subject 
to the Collective Investment Fund Tax.  
Any capital gains realised by an Investor of Products which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the 
regime provided for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included 
in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. 
substitute tax.  
Any capital gains realised by an Investor of Products which is an Italian Real Estate Fund will be subject 
neither to substitute tax nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund.  
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Investors of Products from the sale or redemption of the 
Products are not subject to Italian taxation, provided that the Products (i) are traded on regulated markets, 
or (ii) if not traded on regulated markets, are held outside Italy.  
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Investors from the sale or redemption of Products not traded 
on regulated markets and deposited with a bank, a SIM or certain authorised financial intermediary in 
Italy are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective beneficiary: (a) is resident in a 
country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy as listed in the White List; (b) 
is an international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered 
into force in Italy; (c) is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a 
foreign State; or (d) is an institutional investor which is resident in a country which is included in the 
White List, even if not subject to tax in its own country of residence.

--- Page 634 ---
Taxation 
 
633 
 
In order to benefit from the tax exemption, non-resident investors who deposited the Products with a 
bank, a SIM or certain authorised financial intermediaries in Italy must withdraw from the so-called 
risparmio amministrato regime - which provides for the application of an imposta sostitutiva separately 
on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the relevant Products - and file with the relevant 
depositary a statement in which the Investor declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable 
exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not requested for international bodies or 
entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy or in 
the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage the official reserves of a foreign State, must 
comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001.  
If none of the conditions above are met and the Products are deposited with a bank, a SIM or certain 
authorised financial intermediaries in Italy, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Investors are 
subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent. In any event, non-Italian resident 
individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Products are connected, 
that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the 
sale or redemption of Products are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient and 
comply with the relevant formalities, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy. 
Inheritance and gift taxes  
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006 converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, 
as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) 
as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows:  
1.  
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of four per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the 
gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,000,000;  
2. 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of six per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance 
or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the six per cent. inheritance and 
gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €100,000; and  
3. 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of eight 
per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift.  
If the transfer is made in the favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate 
mentioned above on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000. 
Transfer tax 
Following the repeal of the Italian transfer tax contracts relating to the transfer of Products are subject to 
the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at 
the rate of €200.00; (ii) private deeds are subject to registration tax in case of use or voluntary registration.  
Stamp duty  
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 ("Decree 201"), a proportional stamp 
duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which may be sent by a 
financial intermediary to an Investor in respect of any Products which may be deposited with such 
financial intermediary. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and it cannot exceed €14,000, for 
taxpayers who are not individuals. This stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or – if 
no market value figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount of the Products held.  
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations 
issued by the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial 
or insurance activity within the Italian territory.  
The communication is deemed to be sent to the customers at least once a year, even for instruments for 
which it is not mandatory.

--- Page 635 ---
Taxation 
 
634 
 
Wealth Tax on Products deposited abroad  
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree 201, Italian resident individuals holding the Products outside the 
Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.2 per cent. ("IVAFE").  
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Products at the end of the relevant year or – if no market 
value figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside 
the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth 
taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax 
due).  
Pursuant to article 1(710) of Law no. 160 of 27 December 2019, as of fiscal year 2020 the mentioned tax 
is also due by Italian resident non-commercial entities and Italian partnerships (i.e. società semplici and 
assimilated companies) holding the Products outside the Italian territory. 
Tax Monitoring 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August, 1990, as 
amended, individuals (and certain other entities) resident in Italy who hold investments abroad or have 
financial activities abroad must, in certain circumstances, disclose the aforesaid and related transactions 
to the Italian tax authorities in their income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a 
proper form that must be filed within the same time as prescribed for the income tax return). This also 
applies in the case that, at the end of the tax year, Products are no longer held by the above Italian resident 
individuals and entities. 
However, the above reporting obligation is not required in case the financial assets are deposited for 
management with Italian banks, SIMs, fiduciary companies or other professional intermediaries, 
indicated in article 1 of Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, or if one of such intermediaries intervenes, also 
as a counterpart, in their transfer, provided that income deriving from such financial assets is collected 
thorough the intervention of such an intermediary. 
Italian Financial Transaction Tax ("IFTT")  
Italian shares and other participating instruments, as well as depositary receipts representing those shares 
and participating instruments irrespective of the relevant issuer (cumulatively referred to as "In-Scope 
Shares"), received by an Investor upon physical settlement of the Products may be subject to 0.2 per cent. 
IFTT calculated on the higher of the exercise value of the Products as determined according to Article 4 
of the Ministerial Decree of 21 February 2013, as amended (the "IFTT Decree").  
Investors in derivative transactions or transferable securities, including certificates, and, certain equity-
linked notes, mainly having as underlying or mainly linked to In-Scope Shares are subject to IFTT at a 
rate ranging between €0.01875 and €200 per counterparty, depending on the notional value of the 
relevant derivative transaction or transferable securities calculated pursuant to Article 9 of the IFTT 
Decree. IFTT applies upon subscription, negotiation or modification of the derivative transactions or 
transferable securities or the equity linked notes, as described above. The tax rate may be reduced to a 
fifth if the transaction is executed on certain qualifying regulated markets or multilateral trading facilities. 
Products included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from (i) Italian income taxation, including the withholding tax on proceeds relating to Atypical 
Securities, (ii) capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised under 
Securities, or (iii) inheritance taxes on mortis causa transfers of financial instruments, if such Atypical 
Securities or Products are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Law No. 232 
of 11 December 2016 (the "Finance Act 2017") and in Article 1(210-215) of Law No. 145 of 30 
December 2018 (the "Finance Act 2019"), as implemented by the Ministerial Decree of 30 April 2019, 
or, for long-term individual savings accounts (piani individuali di risparmio a lungo termine) established 
as of 1 January 2020, the requirements set forth in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 October

--- Page 636 ---
Taxation 
 
635 
 
2019 (the "Decree No. 124") as converted with amendments into law by Law No. 157 of 19 December 
2019 (the "Fiscal Decree linked to Finance Act 2020"), as amended from time to time. 
Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of Law No. 178, it is further provided that Italian resident 
individuals investing, by 31 December 2021, in long-term individual savings account compliant with 
Article 13- bis, paragraph 2-bis of the Fiscal Decree linked to Finance Act 2020 may benefit from a tax 
credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realized in respect of 
certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided 
that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently 
set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains). 
Implementation in Italy of the EU Savings Directive 
Italy has implemented the EU Savings Directive through Legislative Decree No. 84 of 18 April 2005 
("Decree No. 84"). Under Decree No. 84, subject to a number of important conditions being met, in the 
case of interest paid to individuals which qualify as beneficial owners of the interest payment and are 
resident for tax purposes in another Member State, Italian qualified paying agents shall not apply the 
withholding tax and shall report to the Italian Tax Authorities details of the relevant payments and 
personal information on the individual beneficial owner. Such information is transmitted by the Italian 
Tax Authorities to the competent foreign tax authorities of the State of residence of the beneficial owner. 
On 10 November 2015, the Council of the European Union adopted a Council Directive (EU) 2015/2060 
repealing, with effect from 1 January 2017 in the case of Austria and from 1 January 2016 in the case of 
all EU Member States, the EU Savings Directive ("Repealing Directive") to prevent overlap between 
the Savings Directive and the new automatic exchange of information regime provided for by Council 
Directive 2011/16/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation (implemented in Italy with 
the Legislative Decree No. 29 of 4 March 2014).  
The new regime under the Council Directive 2011/16/EU (as amended by Council Directive 
2014/107/EU and by Council Directive 2015/2376/EU) is in accordance with the Global Standard 
released by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development in July 2014 and is generally 
broader in scope than the Saving Directive, although it does not impose withholding taxes. 
For the purposes of the implementation in Italy of the Directive 2015/2060, Law No. 122 of 7 July 2016 
has repealed the Decree No. 84 with effect from 1 January 2016. 
9. 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following overview is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. It 
is a general description of certain Luxembourg tax considerations relating to the purchasing, holding and 
disposing of Products. 
This description is based on the laws, regulations and applicable tax treaties as in effect in Luxembourg 
on the date hereof, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. It is not intended 
to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. 
The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations that 
may be relevant to a particular prospective holder with regard to a decision to purchase, own or dispose 
of Securities. 
Prospective holders are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences, under the 
tax laws of the country of which they are resident and under the laws of the all relevant jurisdictions, to 
which they may be subject. 
The residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg income tax 
assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other charge 
or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
9.1 
Withholding tax 
(a) 
Non-Luxembourg tax resident holders

--- Page 637 ---
Taxation 
 
636 
 
Under the Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax to be 
withheld by the debtor of Products on payments of principal, premium or arm's length non-profit 
participating interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) to non-Luxembourg tax resident 
holders. Nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of 
Products held by non-Luxembourg tax resident holders to the extent said Products do not (i) 
give entitlement to a share of the profits generated by the issuing company and (ii) the issuing 
company is not thinly capitalised. 
(b) 
Luxembourg tax resident holders 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 
2005, as amended (hereinafter the "Law"), there is no withholding tax to be withheld by the 
debtor of Products on payments of principal, premium or arm's length non-profit participating 
interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) to Luxembourg tax resident holders. Nor is any 
Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Products held by 
Luxembourg tax resident holders to the extent said Products do not (i) give entitlement to a 
share of the profits generated by the issuing company and (ii) the issuing company is not thinly 
capitalised. 
Under the Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to or for the immediate benefit of an individual beneficial owner 
who is tax resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent.  
Luxembourg resident individuals can opt to self-declare and pay a 20 per cent. levy on interest 
payments made or ascribed by paying agents located in a member state of the European Union 
other than Luxembourg or a member state of the European Economic Area. 
In case the individual beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management 
of his/her private wealth, said withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax. 
Responsibility for the withholding tax will be assumed by the Paying Agent. Payments of 
interest under Products coming within the scope of the Law would be subject to withholding tax 
at a rate of 20 per cent. 
9.2 
Registration tax 
Neither the issuance nor the transfer of Products will give rise to any Luxembourg stamp duty, issuance 
tax, registration tax, transfer tax or similar taxes or duties. Notwithstanding, documents relating to the 
Products, other than the Products themselves, attached to a notarial deed may require registration. In this 
case, and based on the nature of such documents, registration duties may apply. 
9.3 
Automatic exchange of information 
Under the law of 18 December 2015 implementing the Directive on Administrative Cooperation 
("DAC2") and the OECD Common Reporting Standard (the "CRS") (the "Law"), since 1 January 2016, 
the Luxembourg financial institutions are required to provide to the fiscal authorities of other EU member 
states and jurisdictions participating to the CRS details of payments of interest, dividends and similar 
type of income, gross proceeds from the sale of financial assets and other income, and account balances 
held on reportable accounts, as defined in the DAC2 and the CRS, of account holders residents of, or 
established in, an EU member state and certain dependent and associated territories of EU member states 
or in a jurisdiction which has introduced the CRS in its domestic law. 
Payment of interest and other income derived from the Products will fall into the scope of the Law and 
are therefore subject to reporting obligations. 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisor with respect to the application of the DAC2 
and the CRS to such investor in light of such investor's individual circumstances.

--- Page 638 ---
Taxation 
 
637 
 
10. 
Swiss Taxation 
10.1 
Swiss Federal Stamp Duties 
Neither the issuance of Products nor the trade of Products which classify as pure derivatives for Swiss 
Federal Stamp Duty purposes are normally subject to Swiss Federal Issuance Tax (Emissionsabgabe) 
and/or Swiss Federal Securities Transfer Tax (Umsatzabgabe) even if an Issuer resident in Switzerland 
issues the Products. Exemptions to these rules apply to Products which, due to specific features, are 
considered debt financing instruments (bonds or money market securities), share-like or fund-like 
products, as well as Low Exercise Price Options ("LEPO") on shares (with a maturity exceeding one 
year) for purposes of Swiss Federal Stamp Duty law. These specific types of products are in general 
subject to Swiss Federal Securities Transfer Tax. If upon the exercise or redemption of a Product an 
underlying security is delivered to the investors, the transfer of the underlying security may be subject to 
Swiss Securities Transfer Tax (i) of 0.15% in the case of an underlying security which has been issued 
by a Swiss resident issuer or (ii) of 0.3% in the case of an underlying security which has been issued by 
an issuer resident abroad, provided in both cases that a Swiss securities dealer (Effektenhändler), as 
defined in art. 13 para. 3 of the Swiss Federal Act on Stamp Duties (Bundesgesetz über die 
Stempelabgaben), is a party to the transaction with the Products or acts as an intermediary thereto. Certain 
exemptions may, inter alia, apply regarding certain institutional investors such as mutual funds, life 
insurance companies and social security institutions. 
On 14 April 2021, the Swiss Federal Council agreed on its dispatch regarding the reform of the Swiss 
Federal Withholding Tax. As part of this dispatch, the Swiss Federal Council proposed to abolish the 
Swiss Federal Securities Transfer Tax of 0.15% on domestic bonds. Please refer to the below Swiss 
Federal Withholding Tax section for further details on the expected timeline for the implementation of 
the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax reform. 
10.2 
Swiss Federal Withholding Tax (Verrechnungssteuer) 
Payments by the Issuer of interest on, and repayment of principal of, the Products are, in principle, not 
subject to Swiss Federal Withholding Tax, provided that the Issuer does not qualify at any time as a 
Swiss tax resident for Swiss Federal Withholding Tax purposes and the proceeds of the Products will be 
used outside of Switzerland unless use in Switzerland is permitted under applicable Swiss Federal 
Withholding Tax rules (all as interpreted by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration). 
According to a confirmation obtained from the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, subject to certain 
conditions being met, the payments made from Products issued by Leonteq Securities AG, Guernsey 
Branch, and Leonteq Securities AG, Amsterdam Branch, will not be subject to the Swiss Federal 
Withholding Tax.  
For Products subject to Swiss Federal Withholding Tax, the Issuer will arrange for withholding of taxes 
at the source. The Investor who is resident in Switzerland may be entitled to a full refund of or a full tax 
credit for the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax, subject to conditions being met. 
A non-Swiss resident Investor may be able to claim a full or partial refund of the Swiss Federal 
Withholding Tax if such an investor is entitled to claim the benefits with regard to such a payment of a 
double taxation treaty concluded between Switzerland and his or her country of residence. 
The above mentioned dispatch by the Swiss Federal Council dated 14 April 2021 largely abolishes Swiss 
Federal Withholding Tax on interest bearing investments (also for Swiss resident individuals) except for 
deposits held by Swiss resident individuals at banks and insurance companies. The Swiss parliament is 
expected to discuss and (potentially) approve the draft legislation in 2021. Due to necessary amendments 
of ordinances, the new law is in any case not expected to enter into force before 1 January 2024. 
10.3 
Swiss Income Taxes at interest payment or repayment of principal 
The Swiss Federation, Cantons and Communes in Switzerland are entitled to impose Swiss Income 
Taxes. 
Payments of interest on the Products and repayment of principal of the Products to an investor who is a 
non-resident of Switzerland and who, during the tax period, has not engaged in a trade or business 
through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business within Switzerland and who is not subject

--- Page 639 ---
Taxation 
 
638 
 
to income taxation in Switzerland for any other reason ("Non-Resident Holders of the Products") will 
not be liable to Swiss Income Taxes. 
Holders of the Products who are individuals resident in Switzerland who hold the Products as private 
assets ("Resident Holders of the Products") and who receive payments of interest on Products are 
required to include such amounts in their personal income tax return and will be taxable on any net 
taxable income (including the payments of interest on the Products) for the respective tax period. In the 
case of Products with a "predominant one-time interest payment" (Obligationen mit überwiegender 
Einmalverzinsung), the increase in the value of the Products at sale or maturity, being the positive amount 
of the sales price less the issuance or later purchase price or, in the case of Products purchased after 
issuance and held to maturity, the positive amount of the redemption amount less the purchase price, is 
also taxable income and does not qualify as a tax-free capital gain. The offsetting of losses realised on 
the sale of Products with a 'predominant one-time interest payment' is, according to the practice of the 
Swiss Federal Tax Administration, limited to gains on the sale of any Products with a 'predominant one-
time interest payment' within the same tax period. 
Individual taxpayers who hold Products as part of Swiss business assets, and corporate taxpayers holding 
Products as part of Swiss business assets ("Domestic Commercial Holders of the Products") who 
receive payments of interest on Products, are required to recognize the payments of interest on Products 
as earnings in their profit and loss statement for the respective tax period, and will be taxable on any net 
taxable earnings (including the payments of interest on the Products) for such period. The same applies 
to Swiss resident individual investors who qualify as so-called professional securities dealer for income 
tax purposes (gewerbsmässiger Wertschriftenhändler). 
10.4 
Swiss Income Taxes at sale or redemption 
Products held by Non-Resident Holders of the Products will not be liable to Swiss Income Taxes on 
gains realized from the sale or redemption of the Products. 
Resident Holders of the Products who sell or otherwise dispose of the Products in principle realize a tax-
free capital gain or a tax-neutral capital loss, respectively for Swiss Income Tax purposes. In the case of 
gains or losses realized on Products with a "predominant one-time interest payment" please refer to the 
explanations above relative to income taxation of principal or interest. 
Domestic Commercial Holders of the Products are required to recognize capital gains or losses realized 
on the sale of the Products in their profit and loss statement for the respective tax period, and will be 
liable to Swiss Income Tax on any net profit from such sale. The same applies to Swiss resident individual 
investors who qualify as so-called professional securities dealer for Swiss Income Tax purposes 
(gewerbsmässiger Wertschriftenhändler). 
10.5 
Wealth Tax / Capital Tax 
Cantons and Communes in Switzerland are entitled to impose a Wealth and/or Capital Tax. At federal 
level, no such tax is levied. 
Non-Resident Holders of the Products are not liable to Wealth Tax or Capital Tax. 
Resident Holders of the Products or individuals that are Domestic Commercial Holders of the Products 
are required to report the Products as part of their private wealth or as part of their Swiss business assets, 
as the case may be, and are liable to Wealth Tax on any net taxable wealth (including the Products). In 
the case of individuals that are Domestic Commercial Holders of the Products, however, they are only 
liable to Wealth Tax to the extent aggregate taxable wealth is allocable to Switzerland.  
Corporate Domestic Commercial Holders of the Products are required to report the Products as part of 
their assets in their financial statements and are subject to Capital Tax on net taxable equity. In the case 
of a non-Swiss resident corporate Domestic Commercial Holders of the Products holding Products as 
part of a Swiss permanent establishment, however, they are only liable to Capital Tax to the extent 
aggregate taxable equity is allocable to Switzerland.

--- Page 640 ---
Taxation 
 
639 
 
10.6 
International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
On 19 November 2014, Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement. Such 
Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement is based on article 6 of the Organization for Economic 
Cooperation and Development/Council of Europe administrative assistance convention and is intended 
to ensure the uniform implementation of Automatic Exchange of Information ("AEOI"). The Federal 
Act on the International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters ("AEOI Act") entered into 
force on 1 January 2017. The AEOI Act is the legal basis for the implementation of the AEOI standard 
in Switzerland. 
The AEOI is being introduced in Switzerland through bilateral agreements or multilateral agreements. 
The agreements have, and will be, concluded on the basis of guaranteed reciprocity, compliance with the 
principle of specialty (i.e., the information exchanged may only be used to assess and levy taxes (and for 
criminal tax proceedings)) and adequate data protection. 
Based on such multilateral or bilateral agreements and the implementation of Swiss law, Switzerland 
collects and exchanges data in respect of financial assets, including, as the case may be, the Products, 
held in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in 
Switzerland for the benefit of individuals resident in a European Union member state or in a treaty state. 
As regards the United Kingdom, as of 1 January 2021, the AEOI between Switzerland and the United 
Kingdom is continued on the basis of a Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement. 
10.7 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the implementation 
of the U.S. Foreign Tax Compliance Act (FATCA). The agreement ensures that the accounts held by 
U.S. persons with Swiss financial institutions are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the 
consent of the account holder or by means of group requests within the scope of administrative assistance. 
Information will not be transferred automatically in the absence of consent, and instead will be exchanged 
only within the scope of administrative assistance on the basis of the double taxation agreement between 
the U.S. and Switzerland. On 8 October 2014, the Swiss Federal Council approved a mandate for 
negotiations with the U.S. on changing the current direct-notification-based regime to a regime where 
the relevant information is sent to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, which in turn provides the 
information to the U.S. tax authorities. 
11. 
Swedish Taxation 
Swedish withholding tax 
There is no Swedish withholding tax at source (källskatt) applicable on payments made by the issuer in 
respect of the Products. However, Sweden operates a system of preliminary tax (preliminärskatt) to 
secure payment of taxes. In the context of the Products a preliminary tax of 30 per cent. will be deducted 
from all payments of interest in respect of the Products made to any individuals, or estates, that are 
resident in Sweden for tax purposes provided the paying entity is subject to reporting obligations. A 
preliminary tax of 30 per cent. will also be deducted from any other payments in respect of the Products 
not treated as capital gains, if such payments are paid out together with payments treated as interest. 
Depending on the relevant holder's overall tax liability for the relevant fiscal year the preliminary tax 
may contribute towards, equal or exceed the holder's overall tax liability with any balance subsequently 
to be paid by or to the relevant holder, as applicable. 
12. 
United Kingdom Taxation 
The following comments are of a general nature, relating only to the position of persons who are absolute 
beneficial owners of the Products and is based on United Kingdom law and what is understood to be the 
current practice of Her Majesty's Revenue & Customs ("HMRC"), in each case at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, which may change at any time, possibly with retrospective effect. The following is a general 
overview only of the United Kingdom withholding taxation treatment at the date hereof in relation to 
income payments in respect of the Products. The overview also contains some very general statements 
about stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax ("SDRT"). The comments are not exhaustive, and do not 
deal with other United Kingdom tax aspects of acquiring, holding, disposing of, abandoning, exercising 
or dealing in the Products.

--- Page 641 ---
Taxation 
 
640 
 
Interest payments 
Interest will only be subject to a deduction on account of United Kingdom income tax if it has a United 
Kingdom source in which case it may fall to be paid under deduction of United Kingdom income tax at 
the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.) subject to such relief as may be available under the provisions of 
any applicable double taxation treaty or to any other exemption which may apply. 
Whether or not interest has a United Kingdom source will depend on the facts. The most important factor 
will be the residence of the debtor and the location of its assets. Interest on securities issued by a United 
Kingdom resident issuer or an issuer acting out of the United Kingdom are likely to have a United 
Kingdom source. 
Where interest has a United Kingdom source, any payment of interest may nonetheless be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax where any of the following 
conditions are satisfied: 
(i) 
if the Products are and continue to be "quoted Eurobonds" as defined in section 987 of the 
Income Tax Act 2007. The Products will constitute "quoted Eurobonds" if they carry a right to 
interest and are and continue to be listed on a recognised stock exchange within the meaning of 
section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007. Products admitted to trading on a recognised stock 
exchange outside the United Kingdom will be treated as "listed" on a recognised stock exchange 
if (and only if) they are admitted to trading on that exchange and they are officially listed in 
accordance with provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in European Economic 
Area states in a country outside the United Kingdom in which there is a recognised stock 
exchange;  
(ii) 
so long as the respective Issuer is authorised for the purposes of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 and its business consists wholly or mainly of dealing in financial instruments 
(as defined by section 984 of the Income Tax Act 2007) as principal, provided the payment is 
made in the ordinary course of that business; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant interest is paid on Products with a maturity date of less than one year from the 
date of issue and which are not issued under arrangements the effect of which is to render such 
Products part of a borrowing with a total term of a year or more. 
The references to "interest" above mean "interest" as understood in United Kingdom tax law and in 
particular any premium element of the redemption amount of any Products redeemable at a premium 
may constitute a payment of interest subject to the withholding tax provisions discussed above. The 
statements above do not take any account of any different definitions of "interest" or "principal" which 
may prevail under any other law or which may be created by the terms and conditions of the Products or 
any related documentation. 
13. 
United States Taxation 
The following is an overview of certain of the material US federal income tax consequences of the 
acquisition, ownership and disposition of Products by a non-US holder that has no connection to the 
United States other than holding the Products. For purposes of this section, a "non-US holder" is a 
beneficial owner of Products that is: (i) a non-resident alien individual for US federal income tax 
purposes; (ii) a foreign corporation for US federal income tax purposes; or (iii) an estate or trust whose 
income is not subject to US federal income tax on a net income basis. If a partnership (including any 
entity treated as a partnership for US federal income tax purposes) holds Products, the tax treatment of a 
partner generally will depend on the status of the partner and upon the activities of the partnership. 
Investors that are not non-US holders or investors that are partnerships, should consult their tax advisers 
with regard to the US federal income tax considerations of an investment in the Products. 
This summary is based on interpretations of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code"), 
Treasury regulations issued thereunder, and rulings and decisions currently in effect (or in some cases 
proposed), all of which are subject to change. Any of those changes may be applied retroactively and 
may adversely affect the US federal income tax consequences described herein. Prospective investors 
should consult their own tax advisers concerning the application of US federal income tax laws to their

--- Page 642 ---
Taxation 
 
641 
 
particular situations as well as any consequences of the purchase, beneficial ownership and disposition 
of Products arising under the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction. 
INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISERS AS TO THE US FEDERAL, STATE, 
LOCAL, AND OTHER TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP 
AND DISPOSITION OF PRODUCTS.  
Withholding Under Section 871(m) 
Under section 871(m) of the Code and regulations thereunder, a payment on a financial instrument that 
directly or indirectly references a US company may be treated as a "dividend equivalent" payment from 
sources within the United States. Such payments generally will be subject to US withholding tax at a rate 
of 30 per cent. The regulations provide that a payment includes a dividend equivalent payment whether 
there is an explicit or implicit reference to a dividend with respect to the underlying security. An 
underlying security is any interest in an entity if a payment with respect to that interest could give rise to 
a US source dividend. Certain exceptions may apply to an issue of Products that references an index that 
is treated as a "qualified index". 
Final regulations and administrative guidance provide that with respect to a financial instrument issued 
on or after 1 January 2017 and before 1 January 2023, an instrument that has a delta of one with respect 
to an underlying security will be subject to withholding. With respect to a financial instrument issued on 
or after 1 January 2023, (a) a "simple" financial instrument that has a delta of 0.8 or greater with respect 
to an underlying security and (b) a "complex" financial instrument that meets the "substantial equivalence 
test" with respect to an underlying security will be subject to withholding under section 871(m). The 
delta of a simple instrument is determined, and the substantial equivalence test for a complex instrument 
is performed, on the earlier of the date that the financial instrument is priced and the date when the 
financial instrument is issued; however, the issue date must be used if the financial instrument is priced 
more than 14 calendar days before it is issued. In addition, the delta or substantial equivalence of Products 
that are sold or acquired after their initial issuance may, in certain cases, be required to be retested at the 
time of sale. If such Products are determined to be section 871(m) transactions, it is possible that all 
holders of Products, including holders of Products sold at their initial issuance, may be adversely affected 
if the Issuer or a withholding agent does not, or is unable to, identify and distinguish Products sold at 
initial issuance and thereafter. 
Certain events may cause previously issued Products to be deemed to be new issuances for purposes of 
the effective dates provided in the regulations. For example, it is possible that the IRS could assert that a 
reconstitution or rebalancing of an underlying basket or index is a significant modification of a Product 
due to an exercise of discretion with respect to such reconstitution or rebalancing and a deemed 
reissuance upon the occurrence of such event. It is also possible that US withholding tax could apply to 
the Products under these rules if a holder enters, or has entered, into certain other transactions in respect 
of the underlying equity or the Products. A holder that enters, or has entered, into other transactions in 
respect of the underlying or the Products should consult its own tax advisor regarding the application of 
section 871(m) to its Products in the context of its other transactions. 
Withholding on payments will be based on actual dividends or, if otherwise notified by the Issuer in 
accordance with applicable regulations, on estimated dividends used in pricing the Product. If a Product 
provides for any payments in addition to estimated dividends to reflect dividends on the underlying 
security, withholding will be based on total payments. If the Products are subject to withholding under 
section 871(m), information regarding the amount of each dividend equivalent and any other information 
necessary to apply the regulations in respect of such Products will be provided, communicated, or made 
available to holders of the Products in a manner permitted by the applicable regulations. Withholding tax 
may apply even where holders do not receive a concurrent payment on the Products in respect of 
dividends on a reference asset. US tax will be withheld on any portion of a payment or deemed payment 
on the Products treated as a dividend equivalent. 
If payments on the Products are subject to withholding under section 871(m), the Issuer expects to 
withhold at 30 per cent. even if a holder is otherwise eligible for a reduction under an applicable treaty. 
Non-US holders that are entitled to a lower rate of withholding under a tax treaty may be able to claim a 
refund for any excess amounts withheld by filing a US tax return. However, holders may not receive the 
necessary information to properly claim a refund for any withholding in excess of the applicable treaty-
based amount. In addition, the IRS may not credit a holder for withholding taxes remitted in respect of a

--- Page 643 ---
Taxation 
 
642 
 
Product for purposes of claiming a refund. Finally, a holder's resident tax jurisdiction may not permit the 
holder to take a credit for US withholding taxes related to dividend equivalent amounts. The Issuer will 
not pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts withheld. 
The relevant Issue Terms may indicate if the Issuer has determined that a Product is subject to 
withholding under section 871(m). Although the Issuer's determination generally is binding on holders, 
it is not binding on the IRS. The IRS may successfully argue that a Product is subject to withholding 
under section 871(m), notwithstanding the Issuer's determination to the contrary. The section 871(m) 
regulations are extremely complex. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the US federal 
income tax consequences to them of section 871(m) and regulations thereunder, and whether payments 
or deemed payments on the Products constitute dividend equivalent payments. 
Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax  
Under Section 897 of the Code, commonly referred to as the US Foreign Investment in Real Property 
Tax Act ("FIRPTA"), a Non-US Holder may be subject to US federal income tax on a disposition of a 
United States real property interest (a "USRPI"). Very generally, a USRPI may be an interest in US real 
property or an interest in a United States real property holding corporation (a "USRPHC") within the 
meaning of Section 897 of the Code. However, an interest in a USRPHC that does not exceed generally 
5 per cent. (10 per cent. in the case of a real estate investment trust) of the corporation's regularly traded 
stock is not a USRPI, after taking into account shares or interests of the underlying issuer that are directly, 
indirectly or constructively owned by such Non-US Holder. In addition, holding Products may also 
impact the taxation of such other shares or interests. 
The Issuer will not attempt to ascertain whether an issuer of reference shares, or an issuer of shares that 
are components of an index or basket, is a USRPHC. If a Product is a USRPI, any gain from the 
disposition thereof generally would be subject to US federal income tax and required to be reported by 
the Non-US Holder on a US federal income tax return, and the amount realised on such disposition would 
in certain cases be subject to withholding at a rate of 15 per cent. Even if the Issuer does not withhold, 
there can be no assurance that a withholding agent will not withhold in respect of a Product. A Non-US 
Holder may have US income tax liability that exceeds amounts withheld, if any. Neither the Issuer nor a 
withholding agent will pay any additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld or any tax liability 
arising under section 897 of the Code. Non-US Holders should consult with their tax advisors regarding 
the application of section 897 to an investment in the Products. 
US Federal Estate Tax 
Products may be subject to US federal estate tax if an individual holds the Products at the time of his or 
her death. The gross estate of a holder domiciled outside the United States includes only property situated 
in the United States. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the US federal estate tax 
consequences of holding the Products at death. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
A holder may be subject to backup withholding with respect to certain amounts paid to such holder unless 
it provides a correct taxpayer identification number, complies with certain certification procedures 
establishing that it is not a US person or establishes proof of another applicable exemption, and otherwise 
complies with applicable requirements of the backup withholding rules. Backup withholding is not an 
additional tax. A holder can claim a credit against its US federal income tax liability for amounts withheld 
under the backup withholding rules, and amounts in excess of its liability are refundable if such holder 
provides the required information to the IRS in a timely fashion. A holder may also be subject to 
information reporting to the IRS with respect to certain amounts paid to such holder unless it (1) provides 
a properly executed IRS Form W-8 (or other qualifying documentation) or (2) otherwise establishes a 
basis for exemption. If such withholding applies, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to amounts withheld. 
13.1 
FATCA 
Under sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any final current or future regulations or official 
interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to section 1471(b) of the Code, or any US 
or non-US fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental

--- Page 644 ---
Taxation 
 
643 
 
agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code or any other 
non-US tax information reporting regimes ("FATCA"), a 30 per cent. withholding tax may be imposed 
on "withholdable payments" and certain "passthru payments" made to (i) a "foreign financial institution" 
unless the financial institution complies with, among other things, certain information reporting and 
withholding obligations with respect to its accounts in accordance with applicable rules, and (ii) any 
other holder or beneficial owner that does not comply with the Issuer's or an intermediary financial 
institution's request for ownership certifications and identifying information. The failure to provide such 
information, or the failure of certain non-US financial institutions to comply with FATCA, may compel 
the Issuer or an intermediary to withhold 30 per cent. on payments on the Products to such holders. 
Neither the Issuer nor any other person will pay any additional amounts with respect to such withholding.  
Withholding under FATCA applies currently to "withholdable payments" and with respect to "foreign 
passthru payments," will apply no earlier than the date that is two years after the date on which final US 
Treasury regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are published. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
the withholding provisions of FATCA discussed above generally will not apply to any obligation (other 
than an obligation that is treated as equity for US tax purposes or that lacks a stated expiration or term) 
that is outstanding on 30 June 2014 (a "grandfathered obligation"), unless the obligation is materially 
modified after such date. 
The discussion above reflects recently proposed US Treasury regulations. The US Treasury have 
indicated that taxpayers may rely on the proposed regulations until final regulations are issued, and the 
discussion above assumes that the proposed regulations will be finalised in their current form.  
No assurance can be given that payments on the Products will not be subject to withholding under 
FATCA. Each potential investor in Products should consult its own tax advisor to determine how FATCA 
may affect an investment in the Products in such investor's particular circumstance.

--- Page 645 ---
Purchase and Sale 
 
644 
 
PURCHASE AND SALE 
No representation is made that any action has been or will be taken by the Issuer or the Lead Manager in 
any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Products or possession or distribution 
of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Issue Terms in relation to any Products in 
any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required (other than actions by the Issuer to 
meet the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
for offerings contemplated in this Base Prospectus and/or the Final Terms). No offers, sales, resales or 
deliveries of any Products, or distribution of any offering material relating to any Products, may be made 
by the Lead Manager or any dealer ("Dealer") appointed by the Issuer or any other offeror in or from 
any jurisdiction and/or to any individual or entity except in circumstances which will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations and which will not impose any obligation on the Issuer and/or 
the Lead Manager.  
Subject to the restrictions and conditions set out in this Base Prospectus, the categories of potential 
investors to which the Products are intended to be offered are retail and institutional investors. 
Selling Restrictions 
European Economic Area 
If the Final Terms specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in 
relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant State"), each offeror 
appointed pursuant to the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Products which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except 
that it may make an offer of such Products to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms expressly specifies that an offer of those Products may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Public 
Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Products which has 
been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved 
in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided 
that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating 
such Public Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning 
and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer 
has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer;  
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the EU 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the offeror(s) nominated by the 
Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Products referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or the Lead 
Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression 'an offer of Products to the public' in relation to any 
Products in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Products to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Products and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Investors 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of the Products specifies the 'Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors' as 'Not Applicable', each offeror appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise

--- Page 646 ---
Purchase and Sale 
 
645 
 
make available any Products which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "EEA Retail Investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Products to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Products. 
Czech Republic  
For selling restrictions in respect of the Czech Republic, please see under "European Economic Area" 
above, with the following exceptions: 
"Qualified investors" for the purpose of a Czech offering are (a) persons specified in Article 2a 
paragraph 1 and 2 of Act No. 256/2004 Coll., on Capital Markets Undertakings, as amended (the "Czech 
Capital Markets Act") and/or (b) persons which are considered as professional customers under Article 
2b of the Czech Capital Markets Act, to the extent of trading or investment instruments relating to the 
offered securities. 
The monetary amount relevant for the exemption from the obligation to publish a prospectus under 
Article 1(4)(c) and 1(4)(d) of the EU Prospectus Regulation is determined by the applicable 
governmental regulations, as amended and/or replaced from time to time. 
Finland  
For selling restrictions in respect of Finland, please see "European Economic Area" above. 
This Base Prospectus has not been subjected to the approval of the Finnish Financial Supervisory 
Authority. The Products may only be offered or sold in compliance with all applicable provisions of the 
laws of Finland and especially in compliance with the Finnish Securities Market Act 
(arvopaperimarkkinalaki (746/2012), as amended) and any regulation or rule made thereunder, as 
supplemented and amended from time to time. 
Germany  
For selling restrictions in respect of Germany, please see "European Economic Area" above. 
Hong Kong  
This document has not been reviewed by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong, nor has 
a copy of it been registered by the Registrar of Companies in Hong Kong.  
Each offeror of the Products has represented and agreed that  
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer and sell such Products in Hong Kong (excluding 
products defined as "structured products" in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of 
Hong Kong), by means of any document, to any person other than to "professional investors" 
within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that 
Ordinance, or in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" 
within the meaning of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance 
(Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of 
that Ordinance; and

--- Page 647 ---
Purchase and Sale 
 
646 
 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in 
its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Products issued under this Base Prospectus which is 
directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong 
Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with 
respect to the Products issued under this Base Prospectus which are or are intended to be 
disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" within the 
meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made thereunder. 
Ireland  
Each offeror appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has 
not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the Products, or do 
anything in Ireland in respect of the Products, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of: 
(a) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended), 
including, without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation and certain 
provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, any rules and codes of conduct made 
thereunder and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended);  
(b) 
the Irish Central Bank Acts 1942 – 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under 
Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended);  
(c) 
the EU Prospectus Regulation (2017/1129/EU), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980 (PR Regulation), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/989 (RTS 
Regulation), the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 (S.I. No. 380 of 2019) (as 
amended) and any rules and guidance issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 by 
the Central Bank of Ireland;  
(d) 
the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), the European Union (Market 
Abuse) Regulations 2016 and any rules and guidance issued under Section 1370 of the 
Companies Act 2014 by the Central Bank of Ireland; 
(e) 
the Companies Act 2014 (as amended); 
(f) 
in relation to any Products with a maturity of less than one year, the terms of the Central Bank 
of Ireland's implementation notice for credit institutions BSD C 01/02 of 12 November 2002 (as 
may be amended, replaced or updated from time to time) issued pursuant to Section 8(2) of the 
Irish Central Bank Act 1971 (as amended); and 
(g) 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 
2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance based investment 
products (PRIIPs). 
Italy  
Each offeror appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that no 
Products may be offered, sold, promoted, advertised or delivered, directly or indirectly, to the public in 
the Republic of Italy, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other document 
relating to the Products be distributed, made available or advertised in the Republic of Italy if the offering 
of the Products has not been registered and will not be registered with the Italian Financial Regulator 
(Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa or "CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities 
legislation except: 
(a) 
if it is specified within the relevant Final Terms that a not Exempt offer may be made to the 
public in the Republic of Italy, that it may offer, sell or deliver Products or distribute copies of 
any prospectus relating to the Products, provided that such prospectus has been (i) approved in 
another Member State and notified to CONSOB, and (ii) completed by final terms (if applicable) 
expressly contemplating such non-exempt offer, in the twelve months period of validity of this 
Base Prospectus commencing on the date of its approval, in accordance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, as implemented in the Republic of Italy under the Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 
of 24th February, 1998 as amended from time to time ("Italian Financial Services Act") and

--- Page 648 ---
Purchase and Sale 
 
647 
 
CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14th May, 1999, as amended from time to time ("CONSOB 
Regulation No. 11971"); 
(b) 
to "Qualified Investors" (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of the Italian Financial Services Act and 
CONSOB Regulations No. 11971 and No. 20307 of 15th February, 2018, as amended from time 
to time ("CONSOB Regulation No. 20307"); or 
(c) 
in any other circumstances where an express exemption from compliance with offering 
restrictions applies, as provided under the Italian Financial Services Act and/or CONSOB 
Regulation No. 11971 and any other applicable laws and regulations. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Products or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus (including 
the applicable Final Terms) or any other document relating to the Products in the Republic of Italy under 
(b) or (c) above must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act, the Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1st September 1993 (the "Italian Banking Act") and CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 (each as amended from time to time); and 
(b) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any other applicable 
requirement or limitation which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank 
of Italy or any other Italian competent authority (including the reporting requirements set forth 
by article 129 of the Italian Banking Act and relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy requires periodic post-offering information on the 
issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy). 
In relation to the secondary market in Italy, investors should also note that, in accordance with Article 
100-bis of the Italian Financial Services Act: 
(a) 
if any of the Products have been initially placed pursuant to an exemption to publish a 
prospectus, the subsequent distribution of such Products on the secondary market in Italy which 
is not carried out under an exemption pursuant to (b) or (c) above must be made in compliance 
with the rules on offer of securities to the public provided under the Italian Financial Services 
Act and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971;  
(b) 
if any of the Products which have been initially placed with Qualified Investors in Italy or abroad 
are then systematically resold to non-qualified investors in the 12 months following the 
placement, such resale would qualify as an offer of securities to the public if no exemption under 
(c) above applies. Where this occurs, if a prospectus compliant with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation has not been published, the purchasers of such Products (who are acting outside of 
the course of their business or profession) may be entitled to obtain that the resale is declared 
null and void and the authorised entities ("soggetti abilitati" as defined in the Italian Financial 
Services Act) transferring the Products may be held liable for any damages suffered by the non-
qualified investors; and 
(c) 
any intermediary subsequently reselling the Products is entitled to rely upon the prospectus 
published by the issuer or the person responsible for drawing up a prospectus as long as this is 
valid, duly supplemented in accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act and CONSOB 
Regulation No. 11971 and provided that the issuer or the person responsible for drawing up a 
prospectus gives its written consent to its use. 
Luxembourg  
For selling restrictions in respect of Luxembourg, please see under "European Economic Area" above. 
Singapore  
This Base Prospectus is not a prospectus as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of 
Singapore ("SFA"), and has not been registered and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content

--- Page 649 ---
Purchase and Sale 
 
648 
 
of prospectuses does not apply, and the offeree should consider carefully whether the investment is 
suitable for him. Any investment for Products issued under this Base Prospectus will be offered pursuant 
to exemptions under the SFA. Accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of Products issued under this 
Base Prospectus may not be circulated or distributed, nor may Products issued under this Base Prospectus 
be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly 
or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined under 
Section 4A of the SFA) under Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined under section 
275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) (which term includes an accredited investor (as defined 
in Section 4A of the SFA) ("accredited investor")), or to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the 
SFA, and in accordance with the conditions, specified in Section 275 of the SFA, and (where applicable) 
Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 of Singapore, or (iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA. Where Products issued under this Base Prospectus are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 
of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor) the sole business of which is to hold 
investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of 
whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) or securities-based derivatives contracts (as defined in 
Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) 
in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the 
Products issued under this Base Prospectus under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or (in the case of such corporation) 
where the transfer arises from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or (in the case of 
such trust) where the transfer arises from an offer referred to in Section 276(4)(i)(B) of 
the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Switzerland  
If and to the extent the Products will be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland in the 
meaning of the FinSA, or if the Products were admitted to trading to a Swiss trading venue (e.g. SIX 
Swiss Exchange), a prospectus pursuant to the requirements of Article 40 et seq. FinSA would be 
required as from 1 December 2020. Such requirement may be met on the basis of (i) an automatic 
recognition of this Programme in Switzerland under the rules of the FinSA by way of a notification of, 
and a registration of the Programme with, a FinSA Prospectus Office pursuant to the rules of the FinSA, 
as implemented by the relevant FinSA Prospectus Office and (ii) depositing the relevant Final Terms 
with the FinSA Prospectus Office. Such a registration pursuant to (i) would be possible for a Base 
Prospectus that is approved by the by the CSSF, as competent authority under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, i.e. for any Products other than Exempt Products. 
Except where the Programme is registered with the FinSA Prospectus Office under the rules of the 
FinSA, neither this Programme nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Products 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Programme nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Products may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly 
available in Switzerland, unless the requirements of FinSA and FinSO for such public distribution are 
complied with or, for the transitional period until 1 December 2020, unless either (1) the Products are 
structured products in the sense of Article 70 FinSA offered to Retail Clients on the basis of a Swiss

--- Page 650 ---
Purchase and Sale 
 
649 
 
Simplified Prospectus prepared according to the rules of the CISA or (2) if the Products are not structured 
products in the sense of Article 70 FinSA, they are offered on the basis of a prospectus prepared in 
accordance with Article 1156 in connection with 652a of the Swiss Code of Obligations (as such articles 
were in effect immediately prior to the entry into effect of FinSA). 
Without a registration of the Programme with a FinSA Prospectus Office pursuant to the rules of the 
FinSA, from 1 December 2020, the Products may only be offered, sold or advertised, directly or 
indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland if the Products (a.) are addressed solely at investors classified as 
professional or institutional clients (professionelle und institutionelle Kunden) in the sense of Article 4 
para. 3, 4 and 5 and Article 5 para. 1 and 2 FinSA ("Professional or Institutional Clients"); (b.) are 
addressed at fewer than 500 clients other than Professional or Institutional Clients; (c.) are addressed at 
investors acquiring securities to the value of at least CHF 100,000; (d.) have a minimum denomination 
per unit of CHF 100,000; or (e.) do not exceed a total value of CHF 8 million over a 12-month period. 
Professional or Institutional Clients include: (a) financial intermediaries regulated pursuant to the Swiss 
Federal Banking Act of 8 November 1934, the Swiss Federal Financial Institutions Act of 15 June 2018 
("FinIA") or the CISA; (b) regulated insurance undertakings pursuant to the Swiss Federal Insurance 
Supervision Act of 17 December 2004; (c) foreign financial intermediaries or insurance undertakings 
subject to a similar prudential supervision as the financial intermediaries or insurance undertakings 
pursuant to (a) and (b); (d) central banks; (e) public entities with professional treasury operations; (f) 
pension funds and occupational pension schemes with professional treasury operations; (g) undertakings 
with professional treasury operations; (h) large companies that exceed two of the following thresholds: 
(i) a balance sheet total of CHF 20 million, (ii) turnover of CHF 40 million, and/or (iii) own capital of 
CHF 2 million; (i) private investment structures for high-net worth individuals with professional treasury 
operations; and (j) Opting-out Clients. 
An "Opting-out Client" (vermögende Privatkundinnen und -kunden) is a Retail Client who confirms (i) 
that, based on the education/professional experience or based on comparable experience in the financial 
sector, he/she/it has the necessary knowledge to understand the risks resulting from an investment in the 
Products and who owns, directly or indirectly, eligible financial assets of at least CHF 500,000, or (ii) 
that he/she/it owns, directly or indirectly, eligible financial assets of at least CHF 2 million. 
Products qualifying as structured products pursuant to Article 70 of the FinSA may be offered to 
Retail Clients in Switzerland only if a FinSA-KID or a EU PRIIPs-KID has been prepared and 
provided to the relevant Retail Clients. Before 1 January 2022, the issuer may prepare a Swiss 
Simplified Prospectus instead of a FinSA-KID or a EU PRIIPs-KID and such Swiss Simplified 
Prospectus may be provided to Retail Clients instead of a FinSA-KID or a EU PRIIPs-KID. If the 
Products may only be offered to Retail Clients in the context of asset management mandates, such 
obligation to provide a FinSA-KID, a EU PRIIPs-KID or a Swiss Simplified Prospectus would not 
apply. 
Sweden 
For selling restrictions in respect of Sweden, please see under "European Economic Area" above. 
The Netherlands 
For selling restrictions in respect of the Netherlands, please see "European Economic Area" above. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Investors: Unless the Issue Terms in respect of the Products specifies the 
'Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors' as 'Not Applicable', each offeror appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Products which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to any 
UK Retail Investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 651 ---
Purchase and Sale 
 
650 
 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
of the United Kingdom (as amended, the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 of the United Kingdom (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Products to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Products. 
If the Issue Terms specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in 
relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant State"), each offeror 
appointed pursuant to the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Products which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except 
that it may make an offer of such Products to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Issue Terms in relation to the Products specify that an offer of those Products may be 
made other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of 
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Securities which either (i) has been approved by 
the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the 
Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of 
the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in 
the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the offeror(s) nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or the Lead 
Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Products to the public" in relation to any 
Products means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Products to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Products and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder. 
Other regulatory restrictions: Each offeror has represented and agreed, and each further offeror 
appointed under this Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
Financial Promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Products in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, 
if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 652 ---
Purchase and Sale 
 
651 
 
(b) 
General Compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA and the Financial Conduct Authority Handbook with respect to anything done by it in 
relation to any Products in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
United States of America  
US Tax Selling Restrictions 
Products issued in bearer form for US tax purposes ("Bearer Instruments") with respect to which the 
Issue Terms specifies that they are subject to US Treasury Regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of section 4701 of the 
Code) (the "D Rules") may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions 
or to a United States person except as permitted under the D Rules. 
The Issuer and each offeror named in a set of Final Terms will be required to represent and agree that in 
addition to the relevant US Securities Selling Restrictions set out below:  
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (x) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
restricted period it will not offer or sell, Bearer Instruments to a person who is within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person and (y) the offeror has not delivered and 
agrees that it will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Bearer 
Instruments that will be sold during the restricted period; 
(b) 
it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably 
designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Bearer 
Instruments are aware that Bearer Instruments may not be offered or sold during the restricted 
period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person 
(except to the extent permitted under the D Rules); 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring the Bearer Instruments for purposes of resale in 
connection with their original issuance, and, if it retains Bearer Instruments for its own account, 
it will do so in accordance with the requirements of the D Rules; 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate or distributor that acquires Bearer Instruments from the offeror for 
the purpose of offering or selling such Bearer Instruments during the restricted period, the 
offeror either repeats and confirms the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses 
(a), (b) and (c) above on such affiliate's or distributor's behalf or agrees that it will obtain from 
such affiliate or distributor for the benefit of the Issuer and the offeror the representations and 
agreements contained in such sub-clauses; and 
(e) 
it has not entered into and agrees that it will not enter into any written contract (other than 
confirmation or other notice of the transaction) pursuant to which any other party to the contract 
(other than one of its affiliates or another offeror) has offered or sold, or during the restricted 
period will offer or sell, any Bearer Instruments except where pursuant to the contract the offeror 
has obtained or will obtain from that party, for the benefit of the Issuer and the offeror, the 
representations contained in, and that party's agreement to comply with, the provisions of sub-
clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d). 
Terms used in the paragraphs above shall, unless the context otherwise requires, have the meanings given 
to them by the Internal Revenue Code and the US Treasury Regulations thereunder, including the D 
Rules. 
To the extent that the Issue Terms relating to Bearer Instruments specify that the Products are subject to 
US Treasury Regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of section 4701 of the Code) (the "C Rules"), such Bearer 
Instruments must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection 
with their original issuance by an issuer that (directly or indirectly through its agents) does not 
significantly engage in interstate commerce with respect to the issuance. Each offeror named in a set of 
Issue Terms will be required to represent and agree that: (i) it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will 
not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any such Bearer Instruments within the United States or 
its possessions within the United States or its possessions; (ii) it has not communicated, and will not 
communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either of them is within the United

--- Page 653 ---
Purchase and Sale 
 
652 
 
States or its possessions; and (iii) it will not otherwise involve its US office in the offer and sale of such 
Bearer Instruments. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and 
regulations thereunder, including the C Rules. 
Unless 'Not Applicable' is specified in respect of "US Tax Selling Restriction" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities, Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities, and any 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto will contain a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States Persons (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of the United States) who holds 
this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the 
limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287 (a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended." 
US Securities Selling Restrictions 
The Products and, in certain cases, the Entitlements have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act, or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons, except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
and applicable state securities laws. Trading in the Products and the Entitlements has not been approved 
by the US Commodities Futures Trading Commission under the Commodity Exchange Act and the rules 
and regulations promulgated thereunder. Terms used in this section (US Securities Selling Restrictions) 
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each offeror named in the Final Terms will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered and 
sold and will not offer or sell Products (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 
40 calendar days after the completion of the distribution of an identifiable tranche of which such Products 
are part, as determined and certified to the Agent by such offeror (in the case of a non-syndicated issue) 
or the relevant offeror (in the case of a syndicated issue, who shall notify the managers when all managers 
participating in that syndicated issue have so certified in respect of the Products purchased by or through 
it), within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to 
the offeror to which it sells Products during the Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or other 
notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Products within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Neither the offeror nor its affiliates, nor any persons acting on its 
or their behalf, have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts (as defined in Regulation S) 
with respect to the Products, and the offeror, its affiliates and all persons acting on its or their behalf have 
complied and will comply with any applicable offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 calendar days after the completion of the distribution of an identifiable tranche of 
Products, any offer or sale of Products or Entitlements within the United States by any offeror (whether 
or not participating in the offering of such Products or Entitlements) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Products, and, as applicable, the Entitlements, are being offered and sold outside the United States 
to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S.  
The Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of 
Products, and, as applicable, the Entitlements, outside the United States and for the listing of Products 
on the Relevant Stock Exchange. The Issuer and the offeror reserve the right to reject any offer to 
purchase the Products, in whole or in part, for any reason. The Base Prospectus does not constitute an 
offer to any person in the United States or to any U.S. person. Distribution of the Base Prospectus by any 
non-U.S. person outside the United States is unauthorised, and any disclosure without the prior written 
consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any of such U.S. person or other person within the United 
States is prohibited. 
US Retirement Plan Selling Restrictions 
The Products may not be sold or transferred to, and each acquirer by its acquisition of Products shall be 
deemed to have represented and covenanted that it is not acquiring the Products for or on behalf of, and 
will not transfer Products to, any pension plan or welfare plan, as defined in section 3 of the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act ("ERISA"), that is subject to Title I of ERISA, any plan or arrangement 
that is subject to section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, an entity the assets of which are considered

--- Page 654 ---
Purchase and Sale 
 
653 
 
assets of such a plan or arrangement, or a government, church or other plan subject to any law or 
regulation substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code.  
Guernsey  
The Products may only be offered or sold in or from within Guernsey either (i) by persons licensed to do 
so under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 1987, as amended (the "POI Law"); 
or (ii) to persons licensed under the POI Law or persons licensed under the Insurance Business (Bailiwick 
of Guernsey) Law, 2002, as amended, the Banking Supervision (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 1994, as 
amended, the Insurance Managers and Intermediaries (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2002, as amended, 
or the Regulation of Fiduciaries, Administration Businesses and Company Directors, etc., (Bailiwick of 
Guernsey) Law, 2000, as amended. 
General 
The selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Lead Manager, including 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Products, 
or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Issue Terms, in 
any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each offeror named in the Final Terms will be required to agree that it will comply with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, and obtain all relevant consents, approvals or permissions, in each jurisdiction 
in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Products or has in its possession or distributes the Base 
Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms, and neither the Issuer nor the Lead Manager 
shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 655 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
 
654 
 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL LEGAL INFORMATION 
Responsibility  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Issue 
Terms. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
any Issue Terms is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Public Offers and Consent 
Public Offers 
Certain Products may, subject as provided below, be subsequently resold, finally placed or otherwise 
offered by financial intermediaries in circumstances where there is no exemption from the requirement 
to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation. Any such resale, placement or offer is 
referred to in this Base Prospectus as a 'Public Offer'. Any person making or intending to make a Public 
Offer of Products must do so only with the consent of the Issuer and subject to and in accordance with 
the relevant conditions to such consent – see 'Consent to the use of this Base Prospectus' below. 
Other than as set out immediately below, neither the Issuer nor the Lead Manager has authorised 
(nor do they authorise or consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (or Issue Terms) in connection 
with) the making of any Public Offer of Products by any person in any circumstances. Any such 
unauthorised offers are not made on behalf of the Issuer or Lead Manager or Authorised Offerors 
(as defined below) and none of the Issuer, Lead Manager or Authorised Offerors has any 
responsibility or liability for the actions of any person making such offers. Any Public Offer made 
without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and none of the Issuer, the Lead Manager or 
Authorised Offerors accepts any responsibility or liability for the actions of the persons making 
any such unauthorised offer. Any persons to whom an offer of any Products is made should enquire 
whether a financial intermediary is an Authorised Offeror. 
Consent to the use of this Base Prospectus 
In connection with a Public Offer of Products as described in the Final Terms, the Issuer consents or (in 
the case of (ii) (General Consent)) offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented from time to time) and Final Terms (and accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time) and Final Terms in relation to any 
person who purchases Products in such Public Offer made by an Authorised Offeror) by or to (as 
applicable) each of the following financial intermediaries, in each case subject to compliance by such 
financial intermediary with the Conditions to Consent (as described below) (each, an "Authorised 
Offeror"):  
(a) 
Specific Consent: each financial intermediary which either: 
(i) 
is expressly named as an Initial Authorised Offeror in the Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
is expressly named as an Authorised Offeror on the website of Leonteq Securities AG: 
(www.leonteq.com) (in which case, its name and address will be published on the website 
of Leonteq Securities AG); and  
(b) 
General Consent: if Part C of the Final Terms specifies 'General Consent' as applicable, each 
financial intermediary which both: 
(i) 
is authorised to make such offers under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); and 
(ii) 
if such confirmation is requested by the Issuer or the Lead Manager, accepts the offer by 
the Issuer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in 
square brackets duly completed with the relevant information) (the "Acceptance 
Statement"): 
'We, [specify name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [specify title of 
products] (the "Products") described in the Final Terms dated [specify date] (the "Final

--- Page 656 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
 
655 
 
Terms") published by Leonteq Securities AG which may also be acting through its 
Guernsey branch (Leonteq Securities AG, Guernsey Branch) or its Amsterdam branch 
(Leonteq Securities AG, Amsterdam Branch) (the "Issuer"). In consideration of the 
Issuer offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the 
Final Terms) in connection with the Public Offer of the Products in the Public Offer 
Jurisdiction(s) during the Offer Period and subject to and in accordance with the 
conditions set out in the Final Terms and Base Prospectus, we accept the offer by the 
Issuer. We confirm that we are authorised under MiFID to make, and are using the Base 
Prospectus in connection with, the Public Offer accordingly. Terms used herein and 
otherwise not defined shall have the same meaning as given to such terms in the Base 
Prospectus and Final Terms.'  
The consent of the Issuer referred to in (i) and (ii) above is subject to compliance by the relevant financial 
intermediary with the following conditions (the "Conditions to Consent"):  
(a) 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s): the Public Offer is only made in Luxembourg, Germany, Austria, 
Czech Republic, Finland, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands and/or Sweden as specified in the Final 
Terms (the "Public Offer Jurisdiction(s)"); Offer Period: the Public Offer is only made during 
the offer period specified in the Final Terms (the "Offer Period"); and 
(b) 
Other: each of the other conditions (if any) provided in the Final Terms.  
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods occurring within 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer may give consent to one or more additional Authorised Offerors in respect of a Public Offer 
after the date of the Final Terms, discontinue or change the Offer Period, and/or remove or add conditions 
to consent and, if it does so, such information will be published at: www.leonteq.com and by way of 
notice which will be available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (www.bourse.lu). Any new 
information with respect to Authorised Offerors unknown at the time of the approval of this Base 
Prospectus or the filing of the Final Terms will be published and can be found at: www.leonteq.com. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Lead Manager has any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised 
Offeror, including their compliance with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory 
requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to an offer. 
Any offer or sale of Products to an investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made in accordance 
with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such 
investor, including as to price, allocations and settlement arrangements. It will be the responsibility 
of the applicable financial intermediary at the time of such offer to provide the investor with that 
information and neither the Issuer nor the Lead Manager or other Authorised Offeror has any 
responsibility or liability for such information. 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within (ii) (General Consent) above using this Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Public Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish 
on its website the Acceptance Statement. 
Approval and passporting of the Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF"), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The CSSF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer 
that is the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Products. Such approval relates only to Products which are to be offered to 
the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. 
On the approval of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation by the CCSF, application for the notification of such approval has been made to 
the competent authority of Germany, Austria, Czech Republic, Finland, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands and 
Sweden.

--- Page 657 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
 
656 
 
An electronic copy of this Base Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Ratings 
The credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus or any document incorporated by 
reference are, for the purposes of Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended 
by Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011 (the "CRA Regulation"), issued by Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch"), 
and Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. has been certified under the 
CRA Regulation. Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the European Union and has been 
registered under the CRA Regulation and currently endorses the international credit ratings published by 
Fitch for regulatory purposes in the European Union in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Fitch is 
established in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation").  
Aspects relating to specific customer goals and needs, such as a green or sustainable investment 
With respect to Products issued with specific client objectives and needs, such as a green or sustainable 
investment, no guarantee or representation can be made that these client objectives and needs are 
appropriate for an investor's investment criteria. The target market defined by the Issuer as the 
manufacturer of the product may provide for certain Products to meet specific client objectives and needs, 
such as the client's objective and need for a "green", "sustainable", "ecological", "ESG" (Environmental, 
Social and Governance) or similarly labelled investment which, in the case of an "ecological" or "green" 
investment, may also be capable of making a significant contribution to a particular environmental 
objective for a particular economic activity ("ESG Contribution"). Prospective investors should take 
into account the information contained in the relevant target market about these specific client objectives 
and needs, and should determine themselves the relevance of such information for the purposes of 
investing in such Products, as well as undertake any other investigation that the investor deems necessary. 
In particular, the Issuer gives no assurance that the identification of client objectives and needs will fully 
or partially satisfy investors' current or future expectations or requirements for investment criteria or 
policies that the investor or its investments must comply with, whether as a result of current or future 
laws or regulations or its own statutes or other regulations or mandates, particularly in relation to direct 
or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impacts of projects or uses that are the subject of or 
form part of an ESG Contribution. Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently neither a clearly 
defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) nor a market consensus on what constitutes a "green", 
"sustainable", "environmental", "ESG" or similar labelled project, nor on the precise attributes required 
for a particular project to be defined as "green", "sustainable" or any other equivalent label, nor can it be 
guaranteed that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, there can be 
no assurance to investors that projects or uses that are the subject of, or related to, an ESG Contribution 
will meet investors' expectations of such "green", "sustainable", "environmental", "ESG" or other 
similarly labelled objectives, or that there will be no negative environmental, social and/or other impacts 
during the life of a particular Product, the conduct of an economic activity or the use of the subject of an 
ESG Contribution, or in connection therewith. No guarantee or representation is given in connection with 
the suitability or admissibility for any purpose of any classification or certification by a third party 
(whether or not requested by the Issuer) that may be provided in connection with the issue of Products 
and in particular with an ESG contribution to the fulfilment of environmental, sustainability, social and/or 
other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, such classification or certification shall not be included in 
and/or form part of the Base Prospectus. Such classification or certification does not constitute, and 
should not be construed as a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold such 
Products. Any such classification or certification is only valid at the time of the first issuance of the 
opinion. Prospective investors must determine for themselves whether such classification or certification 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such classification or certification is 
relevant for the purposes of investing in such Products. Currently, providers of such classifications and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other system or supervision. Potential investors 
may access the latest version of the framework relating to the issuance of green or sustainable Products 
on the Issuer's website at https://www.leonteq.com/ . 
Type of Products 
The Products have repayment terms that are linked to one or more Underlyings and will be 'derivative 
securities' for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation (and, as such, specific items of information

--- Page 658 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
 
657 
 
will be included in this Base Prospectus that may not be included for Products that are not 'derivative 
securities'). 
No equity securities falling under article 19 (Securities that are exchangeable for or convertible into 
shares) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 will be issued under this Base Prospectus. 
No Products issued under this Base Prospectus are securities linked to any index composed by the Issuer 
or any legal entity belonging to the Leonteq Group. 
Products with offer periods continuing beyond the validity of the June 2020 Base Prospectus 
The offer period during which a Non-Exempt Offer of the Products identified in the table below (the 
"Legacy Products") will be made extends beyond the validity of the June 2020 Base Prospectus. 
Following the approval of this Base Prospectus by the CSSF, such Non-Exempt Offers will continue 
under this Base Prospectus until the later of the end of the relevant offer period or, if applicable, the date 
of listing of the Products on a regulated market (such later date in respect of the relevant Series of Legacy 
Products, the "Relevant Later Date").  
ISIN 
Issue Date 
Offer Period 
End Date 
ISIN 
Issue Date 
Offer Period 
End Date 
CH0546953123 
09/07/2020 
30/06/2025 
CH0562310042 
14/09/2020 
09/03/2022 
CH0555288379 
15/07/2020 
10/07/2024 
CH0572902242 
22/10/2020 
21/10/2024 
CH0555289344 
20/07/2020 
15/07/2021 
CH0572907381 
05/11/2020 
02/11/2023 
CH0562307022 
31/08/2020 
26/08/2025 
CH0579770253 
14/12/2020 
24/05/2023 
CH0562304540 
27/08/2020 
26/08/2024 
CH0579770758 
23/11/2020 
20/11/2023 
CH0594787415 
01/03/2021 
16/02/2024 
CH0579774396 
11/12/2020 
04/12/2024 
CH0594787548 
09/03/2021 
23/02/2024 
CH0579772465 
03/12/2020 
02/12/2024 
CH0546951242 
01/07/2020 
24/06/2021 
CH0579772994 
23/11/2020 
18/11/2025 
CH0546953297 
15/07/2020 
10/07/2023 
CH0579775930 
27/11/2020 
24/11/2025 
CH0562307196 
04/09/2020 
19/08/2024 
CH0584948142 
11/12/2020 
08/12/2025 
CH0590644685 
11/02/2021 
31/12/2099 
CH0584948258 
17/12/2020 
01/06/2023 
CH0555289575 
17/07/2020 
14/07/2025 
CH0584948191 
11/12/2020 
09/12/2024 
CH0559567679 
03/08/2020 
29/07/2021 
CH0584950775 
09/12/2020 
05/06/2023 
CH0562308517 
04/09/2020 
01/09/2023 
CH0587327062 
15/01/2021 
13/01/2025 
CH0559572323 
02/09/2020 
26/08/2025 
CH0587327617 
22/01/2021 
19/01/2022 
CH0555288387 
15/07/2020 
10/07/2024 
CH0587333706 
02/02/2021 
28/01/2026 
CH0555289658 
17/07/2020 
14/07/2023 
CH0587334563 
08/02/2021 
01/08/2025 
CH0594780576 
15/02/2021 
10/02/2026 
CH0587335230 
29/01/2021 
22/01/2025 
CH0546950459 
02/07/2020 
01/07/2021 
CH0587335651 
01/02/2021 
29/01/2024 
CH0555289328 
20/07/2020 
15/07/2025 
CH0590635881 
10/02/2021 
05/02/2025 
CH0555289393 
15/07/2020 
10/07/2024 
CH0590639123 
12/02/2021 
09/02/2024

--- Page 659 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
 
658 
 
ISIN 
Issue Date 
Offer Period 
End Date 
ISIN 
Issue Date 
Offer Period 
End Date 
CH0562307139 
04/09/2020 
01/09/2023 
CH0590641962 
19/02/2021 
16/02/2024 
CH0559567687 
03/08/2020 
29/07/2022 
CH0590643604 
24/02/2021 
17/02/2025 
CH0559573586 
29/09/2020 
24/09/2024 
CH0590643760 
25/02/2021 
22/02/2024 
CH0555289542 
16/07/2020 
13/07/2023 
CH0594781269 
26/02/2021 
22/08/2025 
CH0566282049 
17/09/2020 
15/09/2025 
CH0594784974 
11/03/2021 
09/03/2026 
CH0570344496 
19/10/2020 
14/10/2025 
CH0594784982 
11/03/2021 
09/03/2026 
CH0572904826 
26/10/2020 
21/10/2025 
CH0594789270 
10/03/2021 
03/03/2025 
CH0573174130 
19/11/2020 
18/11/2024 
CH0599554539 
24/03/2021 
19/03/2024 
CH0570341815 
06/10/2020 
01/10/2025 
CH0599555825 
29/03/2021 
24/03/2022 
CH0559573610 
06/10/2020 
01/10/2024 
CH0599555841 
29/03/2021 
24/03/2022 
CH0562308194 
07/09/2020 
04/09/2023 
CH0599555924 
29/03/2021 
24/03/2023 
CH0566282676 
14/09/2020 
09/09/2022 
CH0599556187 
30/03/2021 
25/03/2025 
CH0573174205 
19/11/2020 
18/11/2024 
CH0599556914 
22/03/2021 
19/03/2025 
CH0566283989 
21/09/2020 
16/09/2025 
CH0599557631 
23/03/2021 
19/09/2022 
CH0579772895 
27/11/2020 
25/11/2024 
CH0599558779 
24/03/2021 
15/12/2022 
CH0584955550 
02/02/2021 
26/01/2026 
CH0599560122 
06/04/2021 
28/03/2024 
CH0579776045 
27/11/2020 
24/11/2025 
CH0599560130 
06/04/2021 
28/03/2024 
CH0587326981 
15/01/2021 
12/01/2024 
CH1107632312 
16/04/2021 
15/04/2024 
CH0587327146 
15/01/2021 
12/01/2024 
CH1107635315 
22/04/2021 
22/04/2025 
CH0587327393 
15/01/2021 
12/01/2024 
CH1107635604 
23/04/2021 
21/04/2023 
CH0579776763 
07/12/2020 
01/12/2023 
CH1107636057 
23/04/2021 
22/04/2025 
CH0579772903 
27/11/2020 
25/11/2024 
CH1107637154 
27/04/2021 
15/04/2025 
CH0559573719 
17/11/2020 
12/11/2024 
CH1107644788 
12/05/2021 
07/05/2025 
CH0579776615 
09/12/2020 
04/12/2025 
CH1111678152 
14/05/2021 
11/05/2023 
CH0587327187 
15/01/2021 
13/01/2025 
CH1111679002 
20/05/2021 
17/05/2022 
CH0587327054 
15/01/2021 
12/01/2026 
CH1111679465 
21/05/2021 
17/05/2024 
CH0587331981 
29/01/2021 
27/01/2025 
CH1117917000 
24/06/2021 
23/06/2025 
CH0587333672 
02/02/2021 
16/01/2024 
CH1117917505 
25/06/2021 
24/06/2024 
CH0594784537 
10/03/2021 
06/03/2023 
CH0522711016 
10/08/2020 
05/08/2025 
CH0594784966 
11/03/2021 
10/03/2025 
CH0522712196 
09/09/2020 
04/09/2023

--- Page 660 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
 
659 
 
ISIN 
Issue Date 
Offer Period 
End Date 
ISIN 
Issue Date 
Offer Period 
End Date 
CH0590643828 
25/02/2021 
22/08/2025 
CH0522712154 
09/09/2020 
04/09/2023 
CH0599553895 
19/03/2021 
18/03/2024 
CH0562309895 
14/09/2020 
09/09/2022 
CH0590639396 
15/02/2021 
10/02/2023 
CH0566283948 
11/09/2020 
08/09/2025 
CH0559577173 
19/02/2021 
12/02/2025 
CH0570345634 
09/10/2020 
07/10/2024 
CH0599558985 
26/03/2021 
23/03/2026 
CH0570345840 
09/10/2020 
07/10/2024 
CH0590643612 
24/02/2021 
17/02/2025 
CH0572901897 
16/11/2020 
09/11/2023 
CH1107633237 
15/04/2021 
12/04/2024 
CH0572904834 
26/10/2020 
21/10/2025 
CH0594785476 
11/03/2021 
03/03/2025 
CH0584948597 
11/12/2020 
08/12/2025 
CH0588509916 
18/03/2021 
15/03/2024 
CH0584953050 
18/12/2020 
15/12/2025 
CH0594789981 
17/03/2021 
12/09/2024 
CH0587327104 
15/01/2021 
12/01/2026 
CH0599553903 
19/03/2021 
18/03/2024 
CH0587327401 
15/01/2021 
12/01/2024 
CH0594787472 
01/03/2021 
18/08/2022 
CH0587327005 
15/01/2021 
12/01/2024 
CH0594780311 
09/02/2021 
04/02/2026 
CH0587331973 
29/01/2021 
26/07/2022 
CH0594787498 
01/03/2021 
18/08/2022 
CH0590639198 
15/02/2021 
10/02/2023 
CH0594783828 
04/03/2021 
01/03/2023 
CH0590641806 
18/02/2021 
18/08/2025 
CH0599561609 
29/03/2021 
25/03/2024 
CH0590641822 
18/02/2021 
16/02/2026 
CH0599559504 
01/04/2021 
31/03/2025 
CH0590642945 
23/02/2021 
18/08/2022 
CH0590639149 
12/02/2021 
09/02/2024 
CH0590644107 
25/02/2021 
22/02/2024 
CH0599563118 
13/04/2021 
08/04/2025 
CH0590641830 
18/02/2021 
15/02/2024 
CH0594781913 
01/03/2021 
26/02/2025 
CH0594783737 
04/03/2021 
01/03/2023 
CH0599562490 
12/04/2021 
07/04/2026 
CH0594787431 
01/03/2021 
16/02/2024 
CH0599558126 
26/03/2021 
10/12/2021 
CH0594787456 
01/03/2021 
16/02/2024 
CH0594780394 
12/02/2021 
09/02/2022 
CH0599553788 
18/03/2021 
17/03/2023 
CH0599554687 
25/03/2021 
24/03/2025 
CH0599554059 
20/04/2021 
13/04/2022 
CH1111681057 
25/05/2021 
20/05/2025 
CH0599554950 
31/03/2021 
18/03/2024 
CH1111681511 
26/05/2021 
14/05/2025 
CH0599555932 
29/03/2021 
24/03/2023 
CH1107637675 
27/04/2021 
16/04/2025 
CH0599562656 
13/04/2021 
08/04/2024 
CH1107634342 
20/04/2021 
17/04/2023 
CH0599563159 
13/04/2021 
08/04/2026 
CH1111684655 
02/06/2021 
21/05/2024 
CH1107636263 
05/05/2021 
28/04/2022 
CH1111678103 
14/05/2021 
13/05/2024 
CH1107642741 
11/05/2021 
29/04/2024

--- Page 661 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
 
660 
 
ISIN 
Issue Date 
Offer Period 
End Date 
ISIN 
Issue Date 
Offer Period 
End Date 
CH0588510583 
26/04/2021 
20/03/2026 
CH1111685322 
04/06/2021 
01/06/2023 
CH1111679424 
20/05/2021 
19/05/2025 
CH1117919055 
22/06/2021 
17/06/2025 
CH1111679580 
16/07/2021 
07/07/2026 
CH0522712147 
09/09/2020 
04/09/2023 
CH1117917034 
24/06/2021 
23/06/2025 
CH0522712162 
09/09/2020 
04/09/2023 
CH1107634862 
21/04/2021 
16/04/2026 
CH0542380800 
02/11/2020 
24/10/2022 
CH1111683392 
26/05/2021 
21/05/2025 
CH0555289401 
15/07/2020 
10/07/2024 
CH1107639473 
07/05/2021 
04/05/2026 
CH0559573750 
19/10/2020 
16/10/2023 
CH1107644903 
12/05/2021 
05/05/2025 
CH0570343951 
05/10/2020 
30/09/2025 
CH1111681800 
27/05/2021 
24/05/2024 
CH0570343886 
02/10/2020 
30/09/2024 
CH1111684903 
03/06/2021 
24/05/2024 
CH0572905716 
05/11/2020 
02/11/2023 
CH1111684887 
03/06/2021 
31/05/2024 
CH0572903729 
06/11/2020 
30/10/2023 
CH1111681107 
24/05/2021 
19/05/2025 
CH0573174122 
19/11/2020 
18/11/2024 
CH1107642139 
03/05/2021 
28/04/2022 
CH0572907274 
17/11/2020 
10/11/2023 
CH1111680851 
20/05/2021 
18/05/2026 
CH0573174155 
19/11/2020 
18/11/2024 
CH1117917497 
23/06/2021 
16/06/2023 
CH0579772663 
27/11/2020 
24/11/2025 
CH1107634672 
27/04/2021 
22/04/2025 
CH0579772770 
26/11/2020 
23/11/2023 
CH1111685439 
07/06/2021 
02/06/2025 
CH0579773901 
02/12/2020 
27/11/2025 
CH1107644739 
12/05/2021 
08/05/2023 
CH0579773984 
11/12/2020 
04/12/2024 
CH1107644762 
12/05/2021 
07/05/2025 
CH0579772648 
27/11/2020 
24/11/2023 
CH1107644549 
17/05/2021 
13/05/2024 
CH0579777498 
09/12/2020 
05/06/2023 
CH1111679010 
20/05/2021 
17/05/2022 
CH0579776862 
07/12/2020 
04/12/2023 
CH1117919469 
06/07/2021 
01/07/2024 
CH0587327070 
15/01/2021 
12/01/2026 
CH0588511250 
07/07/2021 
30/06/2025 
CH0587327179 
15/01/2021 
12/01/2024 
CH0522712170 
09/09/2020 
04/09/2023 
CH0587327138 
15/01/2021 
12/01/2024 
CH0522710976 
06/08/2020 
03/08/2023 
CH0587330124 
26/01/2021 
21/01/2022 
CH0555289559 
16/07/2020 
13/07/2023 
CH0587335362 
03/02/2021 
30/01/2023 
CH0555288791 
16/07/2020 
14/07/2025 
CH0590635600 
08/02/2021 
03/02/2023 
CH0562309648 
11/09/2020 
26/08/2024 
CH0590637309 
09/02/2021 
06/02/2023 
CH0579773950 
02/12/2020 
27/11/2025 
CH0590639131 
12/02/2021 
09/02/2024 
CH0584950809 
09/12/2020 
05/06/2023 
CH0590635295 
02/02/2021 
28/01/2026

--- Page 662 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
 
661 
 
ISIN 
Issue Date 
Offer Period 
End Date 
ISIN 
Issue Date 
Offer Period 
End Date 
CH0587330959 
11/01/2021 
06/01/2025 
CH0590643729 
25/02/2021 
22/02/2024 
CH0587335693 
01/02/2021 
27/01/2023 
CH0590644990 
12/02/2021 
07/02/2025 
CH0590635287 
02/02/2021 
28/01/2026 
CH0590645005 
12/02/2021 
09/02/2023 
CH0590636384 
10/02/2021 
05/02/2024 
CH0594783786 
04/03/2021 
02/03/2026 
CH0590636574 
08/02/2021 
03/02/2026 
CH0594784933 
11/03/2021 
10/03/2025 
CH0590639206 
15/02/2021 
10/02/2025 
CH0594780303 
09/02/2021 
05/02/2024 
CH0590643745 
25/02/2021 
22/02/2024 
CH0599554265 
15/03/2021 
11/03/2024 
CH0594783844 
04/03/2021 
01/03/2023 
CH0599554968 
31/03/2021 
18/03/2024 
CH0594787449 
01/03/2021 
16/02/2024 
CH0599557946 
23/03/2021 
12/03/2026 
CH0594787480 
01/03/2021 
18/08/2022 
CH0599558738 
23/03/2021 
18/09/2024 
CH0594788959 
15/03/2021 
11/03/2024 
CH0599558977 
26/03/2021 
23/03/2026 
CH0599554547 
24/03/2021 
19/03/2025 
CH0599559728 
06/04/2021 
23/03/2023 
CH0599555700 
29/03/2021 
24/03/2026 
CH0599562680 
13/04/2021 
08/04/2024 
CH0599557904 
24/03/2021 
19/03/2026 
CH0599563142 
13/04/2021 
11/04/2023 
CH0599559173 
01/04/2021 
31/03/2025 
CH1107634144 
15/04/2021 
13/04/2026 
CH0599559272 
01/04/2021 
02/04/2024 
CH1107634573 
21/04/2021 
16/04/2026 
CH1107637642 
27/04/2021 
16/04/2025 
CH1107637659 
27/04/2021 
16/04/2025 
CH1107637667 
27/04/2021 
16/04/2025 
CH1107637998 
28/04/2021 
23/04/2025 
CH1107640067 
04/05/2021 
03/05/2023 
CH1107638038 
28/04/2021 
23/04/2024 
CH1107642592 
11/05/2021 
06/11/2024 
CH1107638368 
29/04/2021 
28/04/2025 
CH1107645587 
14/05/2021 
13/05/2024 
CH1107638434 
29/04/2021 
26/04/2024 
CH1111678970 
19/05/2021 
12/05/2025 
CH1107639259 
30/04/2021 
27/04/2027 
CH1111682048 
27/05/2021 
25/05/2026 
CH1107644515 
17/05/2021 
13/05/2024 
CH1111684416 
01/06/2021 
22/05/2023 
CH1111677857 
19/05/2021 
14/05/2024 
CH1111685025 
03/06/2021 
02/06/2025 
CH1111678947 
17/05/2021 
10/11/2023 
CH1111685199 
03/06/2021 
25/05/2026 
CH1111679416 
20/05/2021 
19/05/2025 
CH1111686528 
07/06/2021 
02/06/2025 
CH1111680307 
12/05/2021 
08/05/2023 
CH1117917018 
24/06/2021 
23/06/2025 
CH1111682105 
27/05/2021 
24/05/2023 
CH1117917562 
25/06/2021 
16/06/2023 
CH1117916721 
23/06/2021 
18/06/2026 
CH0522712188 
09/09/2020 
04/09/2023 
CH0599559967 
06/04/2021 
31/03/2025

--- Page 663 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
 
662 
 
ISIN 
Issue Date 
Offer Period 
End Date 
ISIN 
Issue Date 
Offer Period 
End Date 
CH0546950434 
02/07/2020 
01/07/2021 
CH0522712204 
09/09/2020 
04/09/2023 
CH0573174148 
19/11/2020 
18/11/2024 
CH0522710968 
06/08/2020 
03/08/2023 
CH0579773943 
02/12/2020 
28/11/2025 
CH0562307162 
04/09/2020 
01/09/2023 
CH0579773968 
02/12/2020 
28/11/2025 
CH0562304953 
28/08/2020 
14/08/2023 
CH0579776789 
07/12/2020 
02/12/2024 
CH0566284649 
17/09/2020 
14/09/2022 
CH0584947169 
15/12/2020 
08/12/2023 
CH0566287113 
28/09/2020 
25/09/2023 
CH0584950783 
09/12/2020 
05/06/2023 
CH0566285521 
18/09/2020 
15/09/2022 
CH0587326999 
15/01/2021 
16/01/2024 
CH0572903711 
06/11/2020 
30/10/2023 
CH0587328193 
15/02/2021 
08/02/2027 
CH0572907472 
06/11/2020 
03/11/2023 
CH0590639172 
15/02/2021 
14/02/2022 
CH0584947151 
15/12/2020 
09/12/2024 
CH0590641814 
18/02/2021 
15/02/2024 
CH0584947904 
11/12/2020 
08/12/2025 
CH0594782366 
03/03/2021 
26/02/2025 
CH0584948175 
11/12/2020 
08/12/2022 
CH0594787423 
01/03/2021 
16/02/2024 
CH0587335503 
01/02/2021 
27/01/2026 
CH0594787506 
01/03/2021 
18/08/2022 
CH0587335511 
01/02/2021 
27/01/2026 
CH0594789502 
12/03/2021 
05/03/2025 
CH0587335685 
01/02/2021 
29/01/2026 
CH0594789510 
12/03/2021 
05/03/2025 
CH0590641707 
19/02/2021 
16/08/2022 
CH0599553879 
19/03/2021 
16/03/2022 
CH0594787464 
01/03/2021 
18/08/2022 
CH0599553887 
19/03/2021 
18/03/2024 
CH0599556948 
22/03/2021 
20/03/2023 
CH0599554380 
17/03/2021 
12/03/2024 
CH0599556963 
22/03/2021 
19/03/2024 
CH0599556393 
30/03/2021 
29/03/2022 
CH0599563308 
14/04/2021 
09/04/2025 
CH0599559280 
01/04/2021 
02/04/2024 
CH1107637147 
27/04/2021 
15/04/2025 
CH0599559421 
01/04/2021 
02/04/2024 
CH1107638459 
29/04/2021 
27/04/2026 
CH0599559488 
01/04/2021 
29/03/2022 
CH1107638913 
30/04/2021 
28/10/2022 
CH0599561591 
29/03/2021 
25/03/2024 
CH1107640422 
06/05/2021 
25/04/2025 
CH0599561617 
29/03/2021 
25/03/2024 
CH1107641198 
07/05/2021 
06/05/2024 
CH1107632361 
19/04/2021 
14/04/2025 
CH1107642584 
05/05/2021 
24/04/2023 
CH1107632379 
19/04/2021 
14/04/2023 
CH1107644531 
17/05/2021 
13/05/2024 
CH1107633658 
08/04/2021 
08/04/2024 
CH1107645090 
12/05/2021 
05/05/2025 
CH1107635703 
23/04/2021 
21/04/2023 
CH1107646171 
19/05/2021 
14/05/2024 
CH1107638004 
28/04/2021 
23/04/2024 
CH1111680299 
12/05/2021 
07/05/2024

--- Page 664 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
 
663 
 
ISIN 
Issue Date 
Offer Period 
End Date 
ISIN 
Issue Date 
Offer Period 
End Date 
CH1107638533 
05/05/2021 
30/04/2027 
CH1111681529 
26/05/2021 
14/05/2025 
CH1107638921 
30/04/2021 
28/10/2022 
CH1111685405 
07/06/2021 
02/06/2025 
CH1107644556 
17/05/2021 
13/05/2024 
CH1111686833 
07/06/2021 
02/06/2025 
CH1107645553 
14/05/2021 
13/05/2024 
CH1117914775 
18/06/2021 
17/06/2024 
CH1111681792 
27/05/2021 
26/05/2026 
CH1117919063 
22/06/2021 
17/06/2025 
CH1111682832 
28/05/2021 
26/05/2025 
CH0535742883 
23/04/2020 
20/04/2023 
CH1111685355 
04/06/2021 
01/06/2023 
CH0539860590 
08/05/2020 
05/05/2023 
CH1111685447 
07/06/2021 
02/06/2025 
CH0518340127 
31/01/2020 
16/01/2025 
CH1117914783 
23/06/2021 
11/06/2025 
CH0511106988 
03/01/2020 
30/12/2022 
CH0599559447 
01/04/2021 
29/03/2023 
CH0513006707 
24/01/2020 
21/01/2025 
CH0522712139 
09/09/2020 
04/09/2023 
CH0522706743 
05/03/2020 
03/03/2025 
CH0559573768 
19/10/2020 
16/10/2023 
CH0546657500 
19/06/2020 
16/06/2025 
CH0506332185 
30/12/2019 
23/12/2024 
 
 
 
 
Hyper-links to websites 
For the avoidance of doubt, the content of any website to which a hyper-link is provided shall not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. The information on any of the websites to which a hyper-link is provided 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF in its role as competent authority.

--- Page 665 ---
General Information 
 
664 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation and Consents 
An internal general resolution on the issue of Products under the European Programme was passed by 
the Issuer on 18 April 2012. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with 
establishing this Programme and will obtain all such consents, approvals and authorisations in connection 
with the issue and performance of each Product issued pursuant to this Programme. 
Use of proceeds 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Issuer intends to apply the net proceeds from 
the sale of any Products for the hedging and payment and delivery obligations arising from the issue of 
the Products and for the purposes of the Issuer's ordinary business activities.  
The applicable Final Terms will specify the use of proceeds. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Applications may be made for the listing of Products on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admission to trading of Products on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, the listing and admission to trading on the multilateral trading facility of securitised derivative 
financial instruments organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the "SeDeX Market"), the 
multilateral trading facility EuroTLX (managed by EuroTLX SIM S.p.A), the Open Market 
(Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt Zertifikate AG), SIX Swiss Exchange, 
Nasdaq Stockholm AB, Nasdaq Helsinki and/or any other exchange or multilateral trading facility 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
Relevant Clearing Systems 
The Products issued pursuant to the Programme may be accepted for clearance through SIX SIS, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Euroclear Sweden, Monte Titoli and any other Relevant Clearing System as set 
out in the Issue Terms. The appropriate International Securities Identification Number (the "ISIN") for 
each Series allocated by Euroclear, Clearstream Euroclear Sweden or SIX SIS will be set out in the Issue 
Terms. Transactions will be effected for settlement in accordance with the Relevant Rules. 
As sat the date of this Base Prospectus, the address of SIX SIS is AG, Pfingstweidstrasse 110, 8021 
Zurich, Switzerland. The address of Clearstream is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L–1855 Luxembourg. The 
address of Euroclear Sweden is Klarabergsviadukten 63, Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden. The 
address of Monte Titoli S.p.A. is Piazza Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy. The address of any additional 
clearing system will be set out in the Final Terms. 
Documents Available 
For as long as this Base Prospectus remains in effect or any Products remain outstanding, copies of the 
following documents will, when available, be made available during usual business hours on a weekday 
(Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) for inspection and, in the case of (a), (b), (c), and (h) 
below, shall be available for collection free of charge at the registered office of Leonteq Securities AG: 
(a) 
The 
constitutional 
documents 
of 
the 
Issuer; 
which 
are 
also 
available 
at 
https://ch.leonteq.com/contact-us/regulatory-information#leonteq-securities-ag 
(the 
information on such website does not form part of the prospectus and has not been scrutinized 
or approved by the CSSF);  
(b) 
the documents set out in the 'Information Incorporated by Reference' section of this Base 
Prospectus; 
which 
are 
also 
available 
at 
https://structuredproducts-
ch.leonteq.com/services/prospectuses and, https://ch.leonteq.com/investors/results-center/full-
year-results;  
(c) 
all future annual reports and interim financial statements of the Issuer;

--- Page 666 ---
General Information 
 
665 
 
(d) 
the Agency Agreement, as amended from time to time; 
(e) 
the Deed of Covenant, as amended from time to time; 
(f) 
the current Base Prospectus in respect of the Programme and any future supplements thereto 
which is also available at https://structuredproducts-ch.leonteq.com/services/prospectuses; 
(g) 
any Final Terms issued in respect of Products admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any listing authority, stock exchange, and/or quotation system since the most recent base 
prospectus was published; 
(h) 
any other future documents and/or announcements issued by the Issuer. 
The Issue Terms, in respect of any Series, shall also be available at the registered office of Leonteq 
Securities AG. 
Publication on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
With respect to any issue of the Products admitted to the Official List and traded on the Regulated Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, this Base Prospectus, each supplement hereto, any document 
incorporated by reference herein and the relevant Final Terms will be published on and available 
electronically from the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.bourse.lu) free of charge during 
the life of this Base Prospectus. For so long as any Products are listed on any other stock exchange or 
listing authority, such documents shall be published in accordance with the rules of such stock exchange 
or listing authority. 
Post-issuance Information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any of the Products or 
the performance of any Underlying or any other underlying relating to Products, except if required by 
any applicable laws and regulations. 
Issue Price 
Products will be issued by the Issuer at the Issue Price specified in the Issue Terms. The Issue Price will 
be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the relevant Lead Manager at the time of the relevant 
offer and will depend, amongst other things, on prevailing market conditions at that time. The offer price 
of such Products will be the Issue Price or such other price as may be agreed between an Investor and 
the Authorised Offeror making the offer of the Products to such Investor. The Issuer will not be party to 
arrangements between an Investor and an Authorised Offeror, and the Investor will need to look to the 
relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at which such Authorised Offeror is offering the 
Products to such Investor.

--- Page 667 ---
General Information 
 
666 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
Page 
Page 
$ .................................................................... 75 
€ .................................................................... 69 
2019 Annual Report ..................................... 44 
2020 Annual Report ..................................... 44 
2022 Base Prospectus ................................. 359 
30/360 ......................................................... 269 
30E/360 ...................................................... 270 
ABS ............................................................ 261 
Acceptance Statement ................................ 654 
Accountholder ........................................ 52, 67 
accredited investor ...................................... 648 
Accumulated Dividends ............................. 215 
Accumulated Dividendsi .................... 211, 213 
Actual/360 .................................................. 269 
Actual/365 .................................................. 269 
Actual/365 (Fixed)...................................... 269 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ................................ 269 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ................................. 269 
Additional Disruption Event280, 289, 298, 306, 
314, 320, 328, 334, 342, 351, 356 
Adjustment Event ....................... 320, 328, 334 
Adjustment Factor ...................................... 254 
Administrator.............................................. 617 
AEOI .......................................................... 639 
AEOI Act .................................................... 639 
AF ............................................................... 254 
Affected Assets ....................................... 58, 67 
Affected Basket Component279, 288, 297, 319, 
327, 333, 340, 350 
Affected Commodity .......................... 312, 313 
Affected Currency ...................................... 319 
Affected Currency Exchange Rate ............. 318 
Affected Depositary Receipt .............. 303, 305 
Affected ETF Share .................................... 339 
Affected Fund Unit ..................................... 349 
Affected Futures Contract .......................... 326 
Affected Index ............................................ 296 
Affected Instrument .................................... 332 
Affected Participation Certificate ............... 287 
Affected Share ............................................ 278 
Affiliate ........................................................ 67 
Agency Agreement ....................................... 49 
Agents ........................................................... 67 
Alternative Currency .................................. 225 
American Barrier Bonus Products .............. 161 
American Barrier Twin Win Product ......... 120 
American Barrier Yield Enhancement Product
 ...................................................................... 94 
AMF (Final) ............................................... 215 
AMF (t) ...................................................... 215 
AMF (t-1) ................................................... 215 
APF (Final) ................................................. 215 
APF (t) ........................................................ 215 
APF (t-1) .................................................... 216 
Atypical Securities...................................... 631 
Authorised Offeror ...................................... 654 
Authorised Offeror(s) .................................. 487 
Autocall Basket Performance ........................ 94 
Autocall Coupon Amount ..... 94, 120, 191, 259 
Autocall Event94, 120, 131, 138, 178, 192, 259 
Autocall Fixing Basket Level ....... 96, 121, 192 
Autocall Fixing Level96, 121, 131, 139, 179, 
192, 260 
Autocall Fixing Leveli .................. 96, 121, 192 
Autocall Maximum Redemption Percentage
 .................................................................... 193 
Autocall Observation Date96, 121, 131, 139, 
178, 192, 260 
Autocall Observation Period ................. 96, 260 
Autocall Period Observation Date ........ 96, 260 
Autocall Provisions ..................................... 268 
Autocall Redemption Amount96, 
121, 131, 
139, 179, 193, 260 
Autocall Redemption Date97, 122, 131, 139, 
179, 193, 260 
Autocall Redemption Table97, 122, 131, 139, 
179, 193, 261 
Autocall Trigger Basket Level97, 122, 193, 
261 
Autocall Trigger Level97, 122, 131, 139, 179, 
193 
Average ....................................................... 268 
Banking Act .......................................... 78, 617 
Barrier Basket Level ..... 97, 122, 140, 161, 193 
Barrier Event ................. 97, 122, 140, 161, 193 
Barrier Fixing Basket Level99, 123, 141, 162, 
194 
Barrier Fixing Level ...... 99, 123, 142, 162, 194 
Barrier Fixing Leveli ..... 99, 123, 141, 162, 194 
Barrier Level ................. 99, 124, 142, 162, 194 
Barrier Observation Date99, 124, 142, 163, 194 
Barrier Observation Period99, 124, 142, 163, 
194 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style 194 
Base Currency ............................................. 321 
Base Currency/Cross Currency Price .......... 321 
Base Prospectus .............................. 1, 360, 491 
Basket Component280, 289, 298, 306, 314, 
321, 328, 334, 342, 351 
Basket Performance .................................... 261 
Bearer Instruments ...................................... 651 
Bearish Final Basket Return ............... 142, 244 
Bearish Final Basket Return (Strike) .. 142, 245 
Benchmarks Regulation ............................ 5, 35 
Best Performing Underlying99, 124, 143, 163, 
236, 245 
Bonus Basket Level .................................... 163 
Bonus Event ................................................ 163 
Bonus Level ................................................ 163 
Bonus Percentage ........................................ 163

--- Page 668 ---
General Information 
 
667 
 
Bonus Product Style ................................... 164 
BP ............................................................... 164 
Business Centre ............................................ 67 
business day .................................................. 53 
Business Day ........................................ 67, 616 
Business Day Convention ............................. 67 
C Rules ....................................................... 651 
CA ............................... 143, 164, 225, 236, 245 
Calculated Coupon Amount ......................... 99 
Calculation Agent ............................... 7, 49, 68 
Calculation Amount...................................... 68 
Calculation Period ...................................... 269 
Cap ......................................100, 124, 143, 194 
Cap Level ................................................... 227 
Cap Percentage ............ 100, 126, 143, 166, 195 
Certificates.............................................. 49, 68 
Change in Law281, 289, 298, 306, 314, 321, 
328, 334, 342, 351, 356 
CISA ......................................... 5, 15, 361, 492 
Cleared Product ............................................ 68 
Cleared Products ........................................... 68 
Clearing System Business Day ..................... 68 
Clearstream ................................................... 68 
Clearstream Rules ......................................... 68 
Closing Index Level ................................... 299 
Closing Price .......................290, 306, 335, 342 
Closing Share Price .................................... 281 
CNY ............................................................. 68 
CNY Financial Centre .................................. 69 
CNY FX Disruption Event ........................... 68 
CNY Governmental Authority ..................... 69 
CNY Illiquidity Event .................................. 68 
CNY Inconvertibility Event.......................... 68 
CNY Non-Transferability Event .................. 68 
CO ................................................................ 50 
Code ......................................6, 18, 63, 69, 640 
Collateral .............................................. 77, 616 
Collateral Account ................................ 77, 616 
Collateral Agent ............................. 49, 77, 616 
Collateral Provider................................ 78, 616 
Collateral Taker .................................... 78, 616 
Collective Investment Fund Tax................. 629 
Commodity ................................................. 314 
Commodity Exchange Act ............................. 6 
Commodity Linked Products ........................ 74 
Commodity Reference Price ....................... 314 
Common Autocall Period Observation Date
 ............................................................ 100, 261 
Common Depositary ..................................... 69 
Common Lock-In Event100, 194, 377, 427, 
506, 556 
Conditional Coupon Amount100, 124, 164, 
195 
Conditional Coupon Provisions100, 124, 164, 
195 
Conditions .............................................. 49, 69 
Conditions to Consent ................................ 655 
CONSOB .................................................... 646 
CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 ................ 647 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 ................ 647 
Constitutional Document(s) ........................ 342 
Conversion Ratio ........................................ 268 
Conversion Ratio (Discount) ...................... 227 
Conversion Ratio (Mini Future) .................. 236 
Conversion Ratio (Rounded) ...................... 269 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) ........................ 216 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) ........................ 236 
Corrected Level ........................................... 298 
Corrected Price280, 289, 305, 314, 328, 334, 
341 
Corrected Rate .................................... 320, 356 
Corrected Value .......................................... 351 
Corresponding Redemption Amount .......... 269 
Coupon .......................................................... 56 
Coupon Amount100, 124, 132, 143, 164, 180, 
195, 236, 265, 269 
Coupon Fixing Basket Level....... 100, 124, 164 
Coupon Fixing Level101, 124, 132, 143, 164, 
195, 236, 265 
Coupon Fixing Leveli ................. 100, 124, 164 
Coupon Observation Date101, 124, 132, 143, 
164, 195, 236, 265 
Coupon Observation Period ................ 101, 265 
Coupon Payment Date101, 125, 132, 143, 165, 
180, 195, 236, 265 
Coupon Payment Table101, 125, 132, 143, 195, 
237, 266 
Coupon Period .................................... 180, 195 
Coupon Provisions ...................................... 269 
Coupon Rate101, 125, 132, 143, 165, 180, 196, 
225 
Coupon Ratei100, 109, 128, 133, 150, 173, 201 
Coupon Spread ............................................ 266 
Coupon Style ............................................... 180 
Coupon Trigger Basket Level ..... 101, 125, 165 
Coupon Trigger Event101, 125, 132, 144, 165, 
196 
Coupon Trigger Level102, 126, 133, 144, 166, 
196 
Coupons ........................................................ 69 
CP ....................................... 100, 126, 143, 195 
CPP ..................................................... 102, 144 
CR (Warrant) .............................................. 237 
CRA Regulation .......................................... 656 
Cross Currency ........................................... 321 
Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price . 321 
CRS ............................................................. 636 
CSSF ....................................................... 1, 655 
Currency Exchange Rate ............................. 321 
Currency Exchange Rate Business Day ...... 321 
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Products.... 74 
Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Time ... 321 
Currency Exchange Reference Rate............ 321 
Currency Replacement Event ........................ 70 
Current Value ........................................ 78, 617 
Custodian .............................................. 49, 616 
Custody Bank ................................................ 69 
Czech Capital Markets Act ......................... 645 
Czech ITA ................................................... 621 
D Rules ....................................................... 651

--- Page 669 ---
General Information 
 
668 
 
D1 ............................................................... 270 
D2 ............................................................... 270 
DAC2 ......................................................... 636 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount ....... 102 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions ... 102 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event
 .................................................................... 102 
Day Count (t) .............................................. 216 
Day Count Fraction .................................... 269 
DCF .....................................180, 196, 257, 266 
DCFDCN .................................................... 225 
Dealer ......................................................... 644 
Dealer Poll .................................................... 69 
Decree 201 .................................................. 633 
Decree 239 .................................................. 628 
Decree 351 .................................................. 629 
Decree No. 124 ........................................... 635 
Decree No. 84 ............................................. 635 
Deed of Covenant ......................................... 49 
Definitive Euroclear/Clearstream Securities 50, 
69 
Delisting ...................... 281, 290, 306, 335, 342 
deliver ........................................................... 57 
deliverable .................................................... 57 
delivered ....................................................... 57 
delivery ......................................................... 57 
Delivery Date69, 103, 126, 166, 180, 196, 228, 
270 
Delivery Entitlement Instruction .................. 69 
Delivery Underlying ................................... 270 
Denomination Currency ............................. 351 
Deposit Agreement ..................................... 306 
Depositary Receipt ..................................... 306 
Depositary Receipt Linked Products ............ 74 
Depositary Receipts ...................................... 28 
Derivative Instrument ................................. 335 
Derivative Instrument Linked Products ........ 74 
Derived Exchange Rate .............................. 321 
Discount Products ....................................... 228 
Disrupted Day281, 290, 299, 306, 315, 321, 
328, 335, 342, 351 
Dividend Amount ....................................... 216 
Dividend Amount (FX) .............................. 216 
Dividend Fixing Level ................................ 216 
Dividend Payment Day ............................... 216 
Dividend Reinvestment Day ....................... 216 
Domestic Commercial Holders of the Products
 .................................................................... 638 
Downside Participation Percentage103, 
166, 
245, 254 
DPP......................................103, 166, 245, 254 
Dual Currency Product Style ...................... 225 
Dual Exchange Rate ..................................... 70 
Early Closure ............... 281, 290, 299, 306, 342 
Early Closure of the Reference Market321, 335 
EDSP .......................................................... 299 
EEA ............................................ 1, 4, 359, 490 
EEA Retail Investor .................................... 645 
Entitlement69, 103, 126, 166, 180, 196, 228, 
270 
ERISA ......................................................... 652 
ESG Contribution........................................ 656 
ESMA ............................................................. 5 
ESMA Register ............................................. 36 
ETF ....................................................... 32, 342 
ETF Linked Products .................................... 75 
ETF Share ................................................... 342 
EU PRIIPs Regulation .................... 4, 359, 490 
EU Prospectus Regulation1, 359, 490, 491, 644 
EUR .............................................................. 69 
euro ............................................................... 69 
Eurobond Basis ........................................... 270 
Euroclear ....................................................... 69 
Euroclear Rules ............................................. 69 
Euroclear Sweden ......................................... 69 
Euroclear Sweden Register ..................... 52, 69 
Euroclear Sweden Rules ............................... 70 
Euroclear Sweden Securities ................... 51, 70 
Euroclear Sweden System ............................. 70 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities ............ 50, 70 
European Barrier Bonus Products ............... 166 
European Barrier Twin Win Product .......... 126 
European Barrier Yield Enhancement Product
 .................................................................... 103 
EUWA ........................................................ 650 
Event of Default ...................................... 60, 70 
Exchange ............. 281, 290, 299, 306, 328, 342 
Exchange Business Day281, 290, 299, 307, 328 
Exchange Date .............................................. 70 
Exchange Delivery Settlement Price ........... 299 
Exchange Disruption ... 281, 290, 299, 307, 342 
Exchange Event ............................................ 70 
Exchange Trading Day ............................... 342 
Exempt Products ....................................... 1, 49 
Extraordinary Event ............ 281, 290, 307, 343 
Failure to Deliver ................................ 281, 307 
FATCA ................................................. 70, 643 
FCA ............................................................... 36 
FFL ..................................................... 216, 237 
Final Basket Dispersion .............................. 261 
Final Basket Return............................. 144, 245 
Final Basket Return (Strike) ............... 145, 246 
Final Fixing Averaging Date....................... 270 
Final Fixing Basket Level103, 126, 145, 166, 
196, 237, 246 
Final Fixing Date ................................ 217, 271 
Final Fixing Level ....................................... 271 
Final Fixing Level (Best)104, 126, 145, 166, 
237, 246 
Final Fixing Level (Long) ........................... 196 
Final Fixing Level (Short)........................... 197 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)104, 126, 145, 166, 
180, 197, 237, 246 
Final Fixing Leveli104, 126, 142, 144, 145, 
149, 166, 196, 211, 212, 213, 214, 237, 245, 
246, 256, 261 
Final Performance104, 126, 145, 166, 197, 247, 
255 
Final Performance (Downside) ................... 168 
Final Performance (Long) ........................... 255

--- Page 670 ---
General Information 
 
669 
 
Final Performance (Short) .......................... 255 
Final Performance (Upside)........................ 170 
Final Redemption Cap ........................ 250, 262 
Final Redemption Event ............................. 248 
Final Redemption Percentage ..................... 105 
Final Return .........................105, 146, 197, 249 
Final Return (Inverse)................................. 148 
Final Return (Worst)................................... 197 
Final Return Cap ........................................ 149 
Final Return Cap Percentage ...................... 149 
Final Spread ................................................ 266 
Final Spread Level ...................................... 180 
Final Strategy Level ................................... 255 
Final Terms..........................2, 49, 70, 360, 655 
Finance Act 2017 ........................................ 634 
Finance Act 2019 ........................................ 634 
financing costs .............................................. 22 
FinIA .......................................................... 649 
FINMA ........................ 5, 15, 78, 361, 491, 617 
FinSA ............................................. 4, 361, 491 
FinSA Prospectus Office ................................ 4 
FinSA-KID ..................................................... 5 
FinSO ............................................................. 5 
FIRPTA ...................................................... 642 
First Entity .................................................... 67 
First Lock-In Barrier Level................. 217, 237 
FISA ............................................... 50, 70, 618 
Fiscal Decree linked to Finance Act 2020 .. 635 
Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount105, 127, 
198, 261 
Fixed Rate Instrument ................................ 335 
Fixed Rate Instrument Linked Products ....... 74 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount105, 127, 
171, 180, 198 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions ... 105, 
127, 171, 198 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style ............ 198 
Fixing Leveli .............................................. 261 
Floor ....................................127, 149, 198, 266 
Floor Percentage ..................127, 149, 198, 266 
FMIA .............................................................. 4 
FP ........................................127, 149, 198, 266 
FRC .................................................... 250, 262 
FRP ............................................................. 105 
FSMA ......................................................... 650 
Fund ............................................ 343, 351, 629 
Fund Linked Products................................... 75 
Fund Reference Index ................................. 343 
Fund Reference Index Sponsor................... 343 
Fund Replacement Date ............................. 340 
Fund Unit .................................................... 351 
Fungible Products ......................................... 66 
Futures Contract ......................................... 329 
Futures Contract Linked Products ................ 74 
FX Disruption Event..................................... 70 
FX Performance ......................................... 105 
FX Rate .............................................. 105, 218 
FX Rate (Final) ........................... 106, 218, 228 
FX Rate (Final)i .................................. 213, 214 
FX Rate (Initial) ................................. 106, 218 
FX Rate (t) .......................................... 106, 218 
FX Rate Valuation Time ..................... 106, 228 
Gearing........................................................ 198 
General Conditions ................................. 49, 71 
German tax residents ................................... 625 
Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities 50, 71 
Governmental Authority ............................... 71 
Governmental Authority Event ..................... 70 
Hedge Positions .................................... 71, 237 
Hedge Unwind Costs (t) .............................. 218 
Hedging Disruption281, 290, 299, 307, 315, 
322, 329, 335, 343, 351, 357 
Hedging Entity218, 237, 282, 290, 299, 307, 
315, 322, 329, 335, 343, 352, 357 
High Watermark Fixing Level ............ 218, 237 
High Watermark Level ....................... 218, 237 
High Watermark Observation Date ..... 218, 238 
High Watermark Observation Period .. 218, 238 
Highest Lock-In Barrier Level ............ 218, 238 
Highest Recorded Performance .................. 106 
HMRC ......................................................... 639 
Hurdle Rate ................................................. 223 
Hypothetical Investor .................................. 218 
i96, 99, 100, 104, 106, 109, 121, 123, 124, 126, 
128, 133, 141, 142, 144, 145, 149, 150, 162, 
164, 166, 172, 173, 174, 192, 194, 196, 198, 
201, 211, 212, 213, 214, 237, 238, 245, 246, 
250, 256, 257, 261, 263, 264 
IBORs ........................................................... 36 
IFL ...................................................... 218, 238 
IFTT ............................................................ 634 
IFTT Decree ................................................ 634 
Illiquidity ...................................................... 70 
Illiquidity Event282, 291, 300, 307, 315, 322, 
329, 335, 343, 352 
Inconvertibility .............................................. 70 
Increased Cost of Hedging282, 291, 300, 307, 
315, 322, 329, 335, 343, 352, 357 
Increment Percentage .......................... 218, 238 
Index ........................................................... 300 
Index Adjustment Event ............................. 300 
Index Cancellation .............................. 298, 300 
Index Disruption ......................................... 300 
Index Linked Products .................................. 74 
Index Modification...................................... 300 
Index Rules ................................................. 300 
Index Sponsor ............................................. 300 
Index Sponsor Exit Event ........................... 298 
Indices ......................................................... 300 
Initial Authorised Offeror(s) ....................... 487 
Initial Fixing Basket Level106, 127, 149, 171, 
198, 238, 250 
Initial Fixing Date ....................................... 272 
Initial Fixing Level ..................................... 272 
Initial Fixing Level (Best)106, 128, 150, 172, 
238, 251 
Initial Fixing Level (Long) ......................... 198 
Initial Fixing Level (Short) ......................... 198 
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)106, 128, 150, 172, 
198, 238, 251

--- Page 671 ---
General Information 
 
670 
 
Initial Fixing Leveli106, 128, 142, 144, 149, 
172, 198, 238, 245, 246, 250, 256, 261 
Initial Lookback Observation Date ............. 273 
Initial Lookback Observation Period .......... 273 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date . 273 
Initial Product Value................................... 255 
Initial Spread Level .................................... 180 
Insolvency ...........................282, 291, 307, 343 
Insolvency Filing ........................ 282, 291, 307 
Instrument ................................................... 335 
Insurance Distribution Directive4, 359, 490, 
645 
Interest Record Date ..................................... 56 
Intermediary ............................................... 629 
Intermediated Securities ......................... 50, 71 
Intraday Level ............................................. 300 
Intraday Price ...... 282, 291, 308, 329, 335, 344 
Inverse Percentage ...............106, 128, 150, 172 
Inverse Percentage (Final Performance) ..... 251 
Inverse Percentage (Final Return) .............. 251 
Investment Currency .................................. 225 
Investor ............................................. 51, 52, 71 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date
 .................................................................... 219 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Notice Period
 .................................................................... 219 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption 
Date ............................................................ 219 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption 
Notice ......................................................... 203 
Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Exercise 
Date ............................................................ 219 
Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption 
Date ............................................................ 219 
Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption 
Notice ......................................................... 204 
Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption 
Notice Period .............................................. 219 
Investors ......................................................... 3 
IP ......................... 106, 128, 142, 149, 150, 172 
IP (FP) ........................................................ 251 
IP (FR) ................................................ 245, 251 
IRAP ........................................................... 628 
IRES ........................................................... 628 
IRPEF ......................................................... 629 
ISIN ............................................................ 664 
Issue Date ..................................................... 71 
Issue Price..................................................... 71 
Issue Size ...................................................... 71 
Issue Terms......................................... 2, 49, 71 
Issuer .....................................1, 2, 71, 360, 655 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date
 .................................................................... 219 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Notice Period
 .................................................................... 219 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption 
Date ............................................................ 219 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption 
Notice ......................................................... 203 
Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date
 .................................................................... 219 
Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Notice Period
 .................................................................... 219 
Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Redemption 
Date ............................................................. 219 
Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Redemption 
Notice .......................................................... 204 
Issuer Jurisdiction ......................................... 71 
Italian Banking Act ..................................... 647 
Italian Financial Services Act ............. 620, 646 
IVAFE ......................................................... 634 
June 2020 Base Prospectus ........................... 44 
June 2020 Form of Final Terms .................... 45 
Knock-Out Event ........................................ 238 
Knock-Out Fixing Level ............................. 239 
Knock-Out Level ........................................ 239 
Knock-Out Observation Date ...................... 239 
Knock-Out Observation Period ................... 239 
Law ............................................................. 636 
Lead Manager ............................................... 71 
Legacy Products .......................................... 657 
Leonteq ........................................................... 2 
Leonteq Securities AG, Amsterdam Branch ... 2 
Leonteq Securities AG, Guernsey Branch ...... 2 
LEPO .......................................................... 637 
Level273, 282, 291, 300, 308, 315, 322, 329, 
335, 344, 352, 357 
Leverage Factor .................................. 107, 266 
Leverage Final Performance ....................... 198 
Leverage Product ........................................ 239 
Leverage Product Style ............................... 239 
LF ........................................................ 107, 266 
Linked Products ............................................ 38 
Liquidation Proceeds ............................ 78, 618 
Liquidation Value ................................. 78, 618 
Lock-In Barrier Level ......... 107, 199, 219, 239 
Lock-In Event ..................... 107, 199, 219, 239 
Lock-In Fixing Level .......... 107, 199, 219, 239 
Lock-In Observation Date ... 107, 199, 219, 239 
Lock-In Provisions .............. 107, 200, 219, 239 
Long Underlying ................................. 200, 255 
Long/Short Final Fixing Basket Level ........ 256 
Long/Short Initial Fixing Basket Level ....... 256 
Long/Short Product ..................................... 255 
Long/Short Product Style ............................ 255 
Long/Short Strike Basket Level .................. 257 
Lower Barrier Level .................................... 150 
Lower Coupon Trigger Basket Level .......... 107 
Lower Coupon Trigger Level ..................... 108 
LS Final Fixing Basket Level ..................... 256 
LS Initial Fixing Basket Level .................... 256 
LS Strike Basket Level ............................... 257 
Luxembourg Prospectus Law .......................... 1 
M1 ............................................................... 270 
M2 ............................................................... 270 
Management Company ............................... 344 
Management Fee ......................... 219, 220, 257 
Management Fee Deduction ............... 220, 257 
Management Fee Multiplier ........................ 220

--- Page 672 ---
General Information 
 
671 
 
Manager ...................................................... 352 
margin ........................................................... 40 
Market Disruption Event282, 291, 300, 308, 
315, 322, 329, 336, 344, 352 
Market Maker ............................................... 41 
Market Value ................................................ 75 
Max............................................................. 273 
Maximum Days of Disruption282, 291, 301, 
308, 316, 323, 330, 336, 344, 352 
Maximum Redemption Amount . 200, 239, 251 
Merger Date .........................282, 291, 308, 345 
Merger Event .......................282, 291, 308, 345 
MERP ......................................................... 108 
MF .............................................................. 219 
MiFID II ................................. 4, 359, 490, 654 
Min ............................................................. 273 
Mini Future Product ................................... 239 
Minimum Early Redemption Percentage.... 108 
Minimum Tradable Lot ................................ 71 
Monte Titoli ................................................ 620 
MRP ........................................................... 200 
Multichance Barrier Event ................. 108, 200 
n96, 99, 100, 104, 106, 109, 110, 121, 123, 124, 
126, 128, 133, 141, 145, 149, 150, 162, 164, 
166, 172, 173, 174, 192, 194, 196, 198, 201, 
211, 212, 213, 214, 237, 238, 246, 250, 256, 
257, 261, 263, 264 
N .. 100, 109, 110, 129, 133, 151, 173, 174, 201 
Nationalisation ............................ 283, 292, 308 
NAV ........................................................... 352 
Net Liquidation Proceeds ............................. 78 
New Issuer .............................................. 65, 71 
Non-Resident Holders of the Products ....... 638 
Non-Transferability ...................................... 70 
non-US holder ............................................ 640 
Normal Performance Participation Percentage
 .................................................................... 172 
Normal Performance Upside Cap ............... 172 
Normal Performance Upside Cap Percentage
 .................................................................... 172 
Notes ....................................................... 49, 71 
Notice Website ............................................. 71 
Notional Amount .......................................... 71 
Notional Certificates ..................................... 51 
NPP............................................................. 172 
NUCi96, 99, 100, 104, 106, 121, 123, 124, 126, 
128, 141, 142, 144, 145, 149, 162, 164, 166, 
172, 174, 192, 194, 196, 198, 237, 245, 246, 
250, 256, 257 
NUC𝑖 .......................................................... 238 
Number of Underlying Components96, 
99, 
101, 104, 106, 121, 123, 124, 126, 128, 142, 
144, 145, 149, 150, 162, 164, 166, 172, 174, 
192, 194, 196, 198, 237, 238, 245, 246, 250, 
256, 257 
offer .................................................... 645, 650 
offer of Products to the public .................... 650 
Offer Period .......................................... 71, 655 
Opening Index Level .................................. 301 
Opening Price ......................292, 308, 336, 345 
Opening Share Price ................................... 283 
OPP ............................................................. 172 
Optimal Tracker Observation Date ............. 108 
Opting-out Client ........................................ 649 
Ordinary Shares .......................................... 292 
Original Base Prospectus ............................ 360 
Other Disruption ......................................... 301 
Outperformance Participation Percentage ... 172 
Outperformance Upside Cap ....................... 172 
Outperformance Upside Cap Percentage .... 172 
Partial Redemption Amount.......................... 71 
Partial Redemption Date(s) ........................... 72 
Partial Redemption Product .................... 57, 72 
Participation Certificate .............................. 292 
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) ... 292 
Participation 
Certificate 
(Genussscheine) 
Linked Products ............................................ 74 
Participation Certificate Issuer .................... 292 
Participation Percentage108, 133, 150, 239, 
257 
Paying Agent ........................................... 49, 72 
paying office ............................................... 625 
Payment Date ................................................ 72 
Payout Conditions ......................................... 79 
Payout Style ................................................ 273 
Performance Fee ......................................... 220 
Performance Fee Deduction ........................ 220 
Permanent Market Disruption Event ... 316, 330 
PF ................................................................ 220 
POI Law ...................................................... 653 
Pool Account ............................................... 617 
Potential Adjustment Event283, 292, 308, 345, 
352 
PP ................ 108, 133, 150, 239, 251, 257, 266 
Preceding Barrier Fixing Level ................... 110 
Price Source 108, 220, 228, 274, 316, 323, 330 
Price Source Disruption .......................... 71, 72 
Pricing Supplement ............................. 3, 49, 72 
Principal Programme Agent .......................... 49 
Product .......................................... 72, 361, 492 
Product Direction ........................................ 150 
Products ............................ 1, 72, 361, 492, 654 
Professional or Institutional Clients361, 
492, 
649 
Programme ............................ 1, 11, 49, 72, 360 
Proprietary Index ........................................ 301 
Prospectus Supplement No.1 ................ 44, 360 
Prospectus Supplement No.2 ...................... 360 
Protection Percentage .......... 102, 144, 251, 266 
Protection Product Style ............................. 150 
Protection with Twin Win Product ............. 150 
Public Offer ......................................... 644, 650 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) ......................... 655 
Public Offer Jurisdictions(s) ....................... 488 
Quotation Rounding .................................... 357 
RCP ............................................................. 150 
Real Estate Funds ........................................ 629 
Real Estate SICAFs..................................... 629 
Realization Event .................................. 78, 617 
Realization Event Date ................................. 78

--- Page 673 ---
General Information 
 
672 
 
Rebate Coupon Percentage ......................... 150 
Rebate Percentage ...................................... 239 
Record Date .................................................. 56 
Redemption Amount72, 108, 128, 200, 228, 
240, 266, 274 
Redemption Date ................................ 220, 274 
Redemption Determination Style ............... 181 
Redemption Style ....................................... 220 
Reduced Number of Shares ................ 283, 309 
Reference Banks ......................................... 357 
Reference Currency .................................... 323 
Reference Dealers ......................................... 72 
Reference Market ................316, 323, 330, 336 
Reference Market Business Day ................. 316 
Reference Rate ........................................... 357 
Reference Rate Linked Products .................. 75 
Registration Document ................................. 44 
Regulation S ................................................... 6 
Related Dividend Amount .......................... 220 
Related Exchange ......................................... 72 
Related Exchange(s) .... 283, 293, 301, 309, 346 
Relevant Autocall Fixing Basket Level ...... 108 
Relevant BOD ............................................ 110 
Relevant Clearing System ............................ 72 
Relevant Country ........................................ 323 
Relevant Coupon Payment Date100, 109, 110, 
128, 129, 133, 151, 173, 180, 195, 201 
Relevant Currency ...................................... 323 
Relevant Date ............................................... 72 
Relevant Financial Centre .......................... 357 
Relevant Index .............................................. 37 
Relevant Later Date .................................... 657 
Relevant Level ............................................ 301 
Relevant Number of Shares ................ 284, 309 
Relevant Rate ..................................... 323, 357 
Relevant Rules .............................................. 72 
Relevant Settlement Day .............................. 72 
Relevant SPL .............................................. 108 
Relevant Stability Performance Level ........ 108 
Relevant State ............................................. 644 
Relevant Stock Exchange ............................. 73 
Relevant Time ............................................ 357 
Relevant Underlying Price284, 293, 309, 316, 
330, 336, 346 
Relevant Value ........................................... 353 
Repealing Directive .................................... 635 
Replacement Fund .............................. 340, 349 
Resident Holders of the Products ............... 638 
Residual Cash Amount109, 128, 172, 181, 200, 
228, 274 
Residual Fraction ........................................ 274 
Retail Clients .................................. 5, 361, 492 
retail investor .............................................. 649 
Reverse Convertible Product Style ............. 181 
Reverse Merger .......................... 283, 292, 308 
risparmio amministrato ............................... 632 
roll-over ........................................................ 29 
Scheduled Closing Time284, 293, 301, 309, 
324, 330, 336, 346 
Scheduled Trading Day284, 293, 301, 309, 
316, 324, 330, 336, 346, 353 
Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date ....... 284, 
293, 301, 309, 316, 324, 330, 336, 346, 353 
Screen Page ................................................. 357 
Screen Rate ................................................. 357 
SCSDFIA Act ............................................... 73 
SDRT .......................................................... 639 
Securities Act .................................................. 6 
SeDeX Market ............................ 486, 613, 664 
Series ............................................................. 73 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates ............ 109, 173 
Settlement Currency .............................. 73, 323 
Settlement Disruption Amount ..................... 73 
Settlement Disruption Date ........................... 73 
Settlement Disruption Event ......................... 73 
Settlement Expenses ..................................... 73 
Settlement Fixing Level .............................. 274 
Settlement FX Exchange Rate Valuation Time
 .................................................................... 274 
Settlement FX Fixing Date ......................... 274 
Settlement FX Rate ..................................... 274 
Settlement Initial Level ............................... 274 
Settlement Price .......................................... 330 
SFA ............................................................. 647 
Share ................................................... 284, 309 
Share Issuer ......................................... 284, 310 
Share Linked Products .................................. 74 
Short Underlying ................................. 200, 258 
SICAF ......................................................... 629 
SICAV ........................................................ 629 
Single Lock-In Event109, 200, 377, 427, 506, 
556 
SIS ........................................................... 50, 73 
SIS Rules....................................................... 73 
SIX SIS Securities................................... 50, 73 
SOFR ............................................................ 36 
soggetti abilitati ........................................... 647 
SONIA .......................................................... 36 
Specified Conditional Coupon Amount ...... 200 
Specified Coupon Amount109, 128, 133, 150, 
173 
Specified Currency........................................ 73 
Specified Denomination ................................ 73 
Specified 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Amount ....................................................... 201 
Specified Multichance Barrier Number of 
Underlyings ......................................... 110, 201 
Specified Number of Business Days ............. 74 
Specified Product Value ......................... 60, 74 
Specified Sub-Unit ........................................ 74 
Spread ................................................. 181, 266 
Spread Strike Level ..................................... 266 
Spread Underlying ...................................... 181 
Spreadi ................................................. 263, 264 
Stability Disruption Barrier Event ........ 99, 110 
Stability Disruption Barrier Percentage ...... 110 
Stability Performance Level........................ 110 
Steepener Product Style .............................. 266 
Stop Loss Barrier Level .............................. 258

--- Page 674 ---
General Information 
 
673 
 
Stop Loss Event .................................. 240, 258 
Stop Loss Fixing Level ............................... 240 
Stop Loss Level .......................................... 240 
Stop Loss Observation Date ............... 240, 258 
Stop Loss Observation Period ............ 240, 258 
Stop Loss Product Value ............................ 258 
Stop Loss Redemption Amount .................. 258 
Stop Loss Redemption Date ............... 240, 258 
Strike Barrier Amount ........................ 151, 251 
Strike Barrier Basket Level ........ 110, 151, 201 
Strike Barrier Level .............111, 151, 201, 251 
Strike Basket Level111, 129, 174, 240, 251, 
262 
Strike Event . 111, 151, 201, 225, 228, 240, 251 
Strike Fixing Basket Level ......................... 201 
Strike Level .........................181, 225, 266, 274 
Strike Level (Best)111, 129, 151, 174, 241, 252 
Strike Level (Worst)111, 129, 151, 174, 181, 
202, 241, 252 
Strike Leveli ........ 142, 145, 174, 245, 246, 257 
Strike Percentage . 112, 129, 144, 145, 241, 246 
Strike Spread Denominator ........................ 181 
Strike Spread Level .................................... 181 
Substitute Price Source ....................... 312, 326 
Substitute Reference Market312, 319, 326, 333 
Sub-Unit ....................................................... 54 
Successor Basket Component279, 289, 297, 
305, 313, 319, 327, 333, 341, 350 
Successor Commodity ................................ 313 
Successor Currency .................................... 319 
Successor Futures Contract ........................ 327 
Successor Index .......................................... 296 
Successor Index Sponsor ............................ 296 
Successor Instrument .................................. 333 
Successor Reference Rate ........................... 355 
Swiss Public Offering/FMIA Admission to 
Trading (via FinSA Prospectus Recognition) . 4 
Swiss Simplified Prospectus ........................... 5 
t ........................................................... 220, 257 
T ................................................. 110, 112, 174 
TARGET Business Day ............................... 74 
Target Level ............................................... 112 
Target One Barrier Level ............................ 112 
Target One Barrier Observation Date ......... 112 
Target One Barrier Observation Period ...... 112 
Target One Event ........................................ 112 
Target One Fixing Level ............................ 112 
Target One Underlying ............................... 112 
TARGET System ......................................... 74 
Tax ................................................................ 74 
Taxes ............................................................ 74 
TCM Secured Product .................................. 74 
TCM Secured Product Early Redemption 
Amount ................................................... 77, 78 
TCM Secured Product Early Redemption Date
 ................................................................ 77, 78 
TCM Security Agreement .................... 78, 616 
TCM Security Agreement Termination Event
 ...................................................................... 78 
Tender Offer ............................... 284, 293, 310 
Tender Offer Date ....................... 284, 293, 310 
Termination of the Trust ............................. 346 
Tracker Fixing Level ................................... 221 
Tracker Fixing Level (t) .............................. 221 
Tracker FX Rate Valuation Time ................ 221 
Tracker Observation Date ........................... 221 
Tracker Product ........................................... 221 
Tracker Product Style ................................. 221 
Tracker Products ......................................... 275 
Trading Day ........................................ 336, 353 
Trading Disruption ...... 284, 293, 301, 310, 346 
Tranche ................................................... 49, 74 
Transfer Documentation ............................... 74 
Trust ............................................................ 347 
Trustee(s) .................................................... 347 
TUIR ........................................................... 630 
Twin Win Event .................................. 129, 152 
Twin Win Percentage .................................. 129 
Twin Win Product Style .............................. 129 
TWP ............................................................ 129 
U.S. persons .................................................... 6 
UK CRA Regulation ................................... 656 
UK Prospectus Regulation .......................... 650 
Underlying ............................................ 74, 181 
Underlying 1 ....................................... 181, 266 
Underlying 2 ....................................... 181, 267 
Underlying Currency .................................. 275 
Underlying Event ........................................ 357 
Underlying Fixing Level ..................... 181, 267 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date .................... 275 
Underlying Level ................................ 181, 267 
Underlying Performance112, 129, 152, 174, 
182, 202, 252 
Underlying Performance (Long) ................. 202 
Underlying Performance (Short) ................. 202 
Underlying Share ........................................ 310 
Underlying Specific Conditions .................... 74 
Underlying Trading Day112, 129, 152, 174, 
202, 241, 258, 276, 284, 293, 301, 310, 316, 
324, 330, 336, 347, 353, 357 
Underlying Valuation Date284, 293, 301, 310, 
316, 324, 330, 337, 347, 353, 357 
Unit ......................................................... 54, 75 
Unit Certificates ............................................ 51 
Units (Final) ................................................ 221 
Units (Initial) ............................................... 221 
Units (t) ....................................................... 221 
Units (t-1) .................................................... 222 
Units Fixing Level (t) .................................. 222 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount ...... 75 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Date ........... 75 
Unsecured Products ...................................... 15 
Unwind Liquidation Price ........................... 241 
UPP ............................................. 174, 252, 258 
Upper Barrier Level .................................... 152 
Upper Coupon Trigger Basket Level .......... 112 
Upper Coupon Trigger Level ...................... 113 
Upside Cap .......................................... 174, 241 
Upside Cap Percentage ............................... 174 
Upside Participation Percentage . 174, 252, 258

--- Page 675 ---
General Information 
 
674 
 
US Dollars .................................................... 75 
US Tax Selling Restriction ......................... 652 
US$ ............................................................... 75 
USD .............................................................. 75 
USRPHC .................................................... 642 
USRPI ......................................................... 642 
Valuation Time284, 293, 301, 310, 330, 337, 
347 
Value (t) ...................................................... 222 
Value (t-1) .................................................. 223 
Volume Weighted Average Price 284, 294, 310 
W ................................................................ 261 
W (Current) ................................................ 223 
W (Dividend Reinvestment Day) ............... 223 
W (Final Sum of Reinvested Dividends) .... 223 
W (Final) .................................................... 223 
W (Final)i ............................................ 212, 213 
W (Initial) ................................................... 223 
W (Initial)i .......................... 211, 212, 213, 214 
W (Sum of Reinvested Dividends) ............. 223 
Watermark (t -1) ......................................... 223 
White List ................................................... 631 
Worst Performing Underlying113, 129, 152, 
174, 182, 202, 242, 252 
X ................................................................. 113 
Y ................................................................. 113 
Y1 ....................................................... 269, 270 
Y2 ............................................................... 270 
Yield Enhancement Product Style .............. 113 
Yield Enhancement Without Barrier Product
 .................................................................... 113

--- Page 676 ---
675 
 
ISSUER 
Leonteq Securities AG 
Europaallee 39, 8004 Zurich, 
Switzerland 
 
which may be acting through its 
Guernsey branch (Leonteq Securities AG, Guernsey Branch) 
Block F - Level 1, Hirzel Court, 
St Peter Port, Guernsey, 
GY1 2NH, Channel Islands 
 
or its Amsterdam branch (Leonteq Securities AG, Amsterdam Branch) 
Level 9, ITO Tower, 
Gustav Mahlerplein 66A, 1082 MA Amsterdam, 
The Netherlands
LEAD MANAGER 
 
Leonteq Securities AG 
Europaallee 39, 8004 Zurich, 
Switzerland
PAYING AGENT (in respect of SIX SIS Securities) 
Leonteq Securities AG 
Europaallee 39, 8004 Zurich, 
Switzerland
Principal Programme Agent and Paying Agent 
 
Citibank Europe Plc 
1 North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, 
Ireland
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE LEAD MANAGER 
 
in respect of English law 
 
Ashurst LLP 
London Fruit & Wool Exchange 
1 Duval Square 
London E1 6PW 
United Kingdom