--- Page 1 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA 
 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Global Coordinators, Green Bond Advisors and Joint Lead Managers: 
 
 
 
 
 
Joint Lead Manager: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bergen, 15 February 2022

--- Page 2 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
2
Important information 
 
The Base Propectus is based on sources such as annual reports and publicly available information and forward-
looking information based on current expectations, estimates and projections about global economic conditions, as 
well as the economic conditions of the regions and industries that are major markets for Lerøy Seafood Group 
ASA’s (the Company) lines of business. 
 
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in Chapter 1 Risk factors, and elsewhere in the 
Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability of an investment in the bonds. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any bonds includes a legend 
titled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and/or "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the bonds 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) and/or in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) (and for UK, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation)) 
for offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA and/or the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA and/or the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation and/ or the UK PRIIPS Regulation. 
 
MiFID II product governance and/or UK MiFIR product governance – The Final Terms in respect of any bonds 
will include a legend titled “MiFID II product governance” and/or “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the bonds and which channels for distribution of the bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
This Base Propectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Lead Managers, available at their websites 
(www.danskebank.no, www.dnb.no and www.paretosec.com).  
 
The Joint Lead Managers and/or any of their affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees may be 
a market maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this Base Prospectus and 
may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such instruments. The Joint Lead 
Managers' corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager for this Company in private and/or 
public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly known.   
 
Copies of this Base Propectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or into or made available in 
the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not 
distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or into the United States. 
 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being made or will be 
made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from 
registration requirements. 
 
The distribution of the Base Propectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example in non-EEA 
countries. Approval of the Base Propectus by Finanstilsynet (the Norwegian FSA) implies that the Base Propectus 
may be used in any EEA country. No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to distribute the Base 
Propectus in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
 
The Base Propectus dated 15 February 2022 together with the Final Terms and any supplements to these 
documents constitute the Prospectus. 
 
The content of this Base Propectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential investors should 
seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
 
Unless otherwise stated, this Base Propectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute regarding the 
Base Propectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS:  
 
1 RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................4 
2 DEFINITIONS ...................................................................................................................8 
3 PERSONS RESPONSIBLE ....................................................................................................9 
4 STATUTORY AUDITORS ................................................................................................... 10 
5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER ................................................................................... 11 
6 BUSINESS OVERVIEW ..................................................................................................... 12 
7 TREND INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... 14 
8 ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ............................................. 16 
9 MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS .................................................................................................. 19 
10 FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES ...................................................... 20 
11 REGULATORY DISCLOSURES .......................................................................................... 22 
12 DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE ................................................................................................ 23 
13 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS THAT CAN BE ISSUED UNDER THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................ 24 
CROSS REFERENCE LIST .................................................................................................... 33 
JOINT LEAD MANAGERS’ DISCLAIMER ................................................................................. 34 
ANNEX 1 ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION FOR LERØY SEAFOOD GROUP ASA................................. 35 
ANNEX 2 TEMPLATE FOR FINAL TERMS FOR FIXED AND FLOATING RATE BONDS ...................... 36

--- Page 4 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
4
1 Risk factors   
Investing in bonds issued by Lerøy Seafood Group ASA involves inherent risks.   
 
As the Company is the parent company of the Group, and primarily a holding company, the risk factors for the 
Group are deemed to be equivalent for the purpose of this Base Prospectus. 
 
The risks and uncertainties described in the Prospectus are risks of which the Company is aware and that the 
Company considers to be material to its business. If any of these risks were to occur, the Company’s business, 
financial position, operating results or cash flows could be materially adversely affected, and the Company could 
be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the bonds.  Prospective investors 
should carefully consider, among other things, the risk factors set out in this Base Propectus, before making an 
investment decision.  
 
An investment in the bonds is suitable only for investors who understand the risk factors associated with this type 
of investment and who can afford a loss of all or part of their investment. 
 
Risk factors related to the Issuer 
Market risks:  
The developments in global salmon, trout and white fish product prices have a considerable impact on the results 
achieved by the Group. The prices of the Group’s products have fluctuated significantly over the past years, as 
have the prices of important raw materials. Such fluctuations are beyond the Group's control and cannot be 
predicted. Other market risks include the supply and demand for salmon, trout and white fish products.  
 
Biological risk:  
The Group's operations are subject to biological risks which could have a negative impact on profitability and cash 
flows. Biological risks include for instance diseases, viruses, bacteria, parasites, algae blooms, jelly fish, oxygen 
depletion and other contaminants, which may adversely affect fish survival, health, growth and welfare. In the 
case of disease outbreak, the farmer will in addition to the direct loss of fish, incur substantial costs in the form of 
lost growth on biomass, accelerated harvesting, loss of quality of harvested fish and a subsequent period of 
reduced production capacity and loss of income.  
 
The most severe diseases may require culling and disposal of the entire stock, disinfection of the farm and a long 
subsequent fallow period as preventative measures to stop the disease from spreading. Market access could be 
impeded by strict border controls, not only for salmon from the infected farm, but also for salmon originating from 
a wider geographical area surrounding the site of an outbreak. Continued disease problems may also attract 
negative media attention and public concerns. Salmon farming has historically experienced several episodes with 
extensive disease problems and no assurance can be given that this will not also happen in the future. 
 
Resource risk:  
The Group's whitefish operation is dependent on access to wild fish stocks, mainly in the North Sea and Barents 
Sea. Wild fish is a natural resource that fluctuates over time and geographically, both due to human impact 
through harvesting and environmental changes, and for natural reasons such as food supply, spawning 
conditions, currents and sea temperature. The extent of the fish resources exploited by the Group is monitored by 
the Norwegian government and international organisations. Fluctuations in the fish resource in areas in which the 
Group operates can adversely affect its profitability, and cannot be predicted or foreseen. The supply may also be 
limited by actions by other human interference like illegal fishing. No assurance can be given that adequate fish 
resources will be available to the Group, whether from proprietary harvesting or other sources.  
 
Other operational risks:  
Perceived health concerns, food safety issues and risk of negative impact on the surrounding environment also 
represent potential risk factors related to the industry. In addition, the Norwegian fish farming, catching and 
processing industry is exposed to the risk represented by long-term political trade barriers imposed by the EU and 
other markets of importance to the Group. Operational risk also involves risk related to the Group’s sales activities 
as lower economic growth or a downturn in the Group’s export markets could negatively affect the Group’s sales. 
Also, there can be no assurance that the Group will be able to respond to existing and new sources of 
competition. The Group’s operations are also dependent on its key personnel, and a loss of some of these could 
have a negative effect on the Group. Other operational risks relate to jointly controlled entities, insurance 
coverage, conflicts of interest and restrictions on international trade. There is also operational risk relating to the 
observance of legislation, regulations and licence terms that provide the basis for the Group's operations. 
 
The Group's vessels operate year round in rough weather conditions and are dependent on experienced 
personnel on board, modern technology and advanced equipment. The Group's operations are  
industrial in nature requiring manual labour of a strenuous and often repetitive nature in a harsh working 
environment. This results in higher than average absences from the workplace due to sickness and

--- Page 5 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
5
injuries. 
 
Financial risk:  
Financial risk includes among others risk related to covenants in loan agreements, foreign exchange risk, interest- 
and credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group has international operations requiring a number of currencies, and is 
thus exposed to currency risk. The main foreign currencies for the Group are EUR, USD, SEK and JPY. The 
Group makes use of currency derivatives combined with withdrawals/deposits in multicurrency accounts in order 
to minimise currency risk on outstanding customer receivables, signed sales contracts and ongoing contractual 
negotiations. A weakning of the Norwegian krone will cause a reduction of turnover since a considerable part of 
turnover is in foreign currency.  
 
The Group’s long-term liabilities are mainly in Norwegian krone. The Group’s long-term liabilities are mainly based 
upon agreements for floating rates of interest, representing exposure to increases in the market interest rate. The 
most significant individual factor related to liquidity risk is fluctuations in salmon prices. Liquidity is also affected by 
fluctuations in production and slaughter volumes and changes in feed prices, which is the most prominent single 
factor on the cost side. 
 
The Group's business and future plans are capital intensive and, to the extent the Group does not generate 
sufficient cash from operations in the long term, the Group may need to raise additional funds through public or 
private debt or equity financing to execute the Group's growth strategy and to fund capital expenditures. Adequate 
sources of capital funding might not be available when needed or may only be available on unfavorable terms. If 
funding is insufficient at any time in the future, the Group may be unable to fund maintenance requirements and 
acquisitions, take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could 
adversely impact the Group's results, financial condition, cash flow and prospects. 
 
Production factors, feed costs and supply: 
Fish farming is depending on a number of different production factors, including but not limited to fry, smolt, fish 
feed and well boat services. An increase of prices or reduced supply of critical production factors, could have 
significant impact on the profitability. Feed costs account for a significant portion of the Group's total production 
costs, and an increase in feed prices could, thus, have a major impact on the Group's future profitability. The feed 
industry is characterized by large global suppliers operating under cost plus contracts, and feed prices are 
accordingly directly linked to the global markets for fishmeal, vegetable meal, animal proteins and 
fish/vegetable/animal oils which are the main ingredients in fish feed. Increases in the prices of these raw 
materials will accordingly result in an increase in feed prices. As the main feed suppliers normally enter into fixed 
contracts and adapt their production volumes to prevailing supply commitments, there is limited excess of fish 
feed available in the market. If one or more of the feed contracts the Group has entered into were to be 
terminated on short notice prior to their respective expiration dates, the Group could not be able to find alternative 
suppliers in the market. Shortage in feed supply may lead to starving fish, accelerated harvesting, loss of biomass 
and reduced income. 
 
Regulatory risk:  
The Group is to a significant extent dependent on maintaining its current licenses (also known as concessions) 
and being granted future licenses from the relevant governmental authorities to operate its fish farms and to 
sustain and expand its revenues and business. There are strict requirements relating to the granting of such 
licenses. Once a license is granted, the relevant Group company is from that point and onwards subject to strict 
regulations when it comes to the operation of the licensed fish farms. However, there can be no assurances that 
the relevant Group company will maintain all of its current licenses or be granted the necessary future licenses in 
order to sustain or expand its operations in the future. Any failure to maintain or be granted necessary license 
may have a material adverse impact on the Group's business, financial conditions, results of operation and 
liquidity. 
 
The Group is, furthermore, subject to numerous national and supra-national environmental, health and safety 
laws, regulations, treaties and conventions. The Group's production facilities, both on board vessels and on shore, 
are also subject to local regulations, most importantly in the area of food control. Such regulations typically set 
standards for production facilities, and the competent authorities carry out regular inspections and may issue 
orders instructing the Company or its relevant affiliate to upgrade facilities to meet current requirements. There 
can be no assurance that the applicable regulations will remain unaltered. The investments necessary to meet 
new regulatory standards may be significant, and adversely impact on the Group’s future results. 
 
The Group's whitefish operations require licensing from Norwegian authorities. Licences are granted for 
participation in commercial fisheries on a vessel by vessel basis. The Norwegian government also  
sets annual catch limits (quotas) for participants in commercial fisheries based on research into the biomass for a 
given species and guidelines from international bodies. However, no assurance can be given that adequate 
quotas will continue to be available to the Group, nor that licences will continue to be in place. A number of the 
Group's licenses are held on the condition that they remain linked to specific processing plants, and that a scaling 
down or winding up of such plants may lead to the withdraw al of the license inquestion. A license may be 
withdrawn whether or not it is connected with the affected plant.

--- Page 6 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
6
 
In Norway, only private individuals that are active fishermen can as a starting point own vessels participating in 
Norwegian commercial fisheries. A long-standing practice has developed, however, whereby industrial owners 
have been permitted to acquire stakes in and control fishing companies. The Group is allowed to hold the licences 
sufficient for its current operations. However, there can be no assurance that this regime will stay in place over 
time. No company operating in Norwegian regulated fisheries can be owned as to more than 40 % by non-
Norwegian persons or entities. If the limit is exceeded, the Group may lose all of its fishing licences, thereby 
significantly affecting its value. 
 
Law:  
Adverse regulatory action or judgment in litigation could result in expensive fees and legal costs, as well as 
sanctions of various types for the Group, including, but not limited to, the payment of fines, damages or other 
amounts, the invalidation of contracts, restrictions or limitations on its operations, any of which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's reputation, profitability and/or financial condition. Refer to point 10.3 
regarding investigations by competition authorities and law suits filed against the Group.  
 
Covid-19:  
After the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic, authorities worldwide have implemented strict measures to reduce 
and slow its spread. These measures are likely to impact global economic activity, which might also affect global 
demand for fish. Furthermore, Lerøy might experience disruptions to its supply chain upstream or downstream. 
Air traffic restrictions with respect to jurisdictions heavily hit by the Covid-19 outbreak may impact the aquaculture 
industry's capacity to transport products to end-markets globally, which may have different impacts on fish prices 
in different markets, and on Lerøy's operations, e.g. by causing a reduction in the price and/or volume of export 
due to e.g. severe delays on border areas because of passport and custom checks as well as increases in 
transportation cost. There are great uncertainties regarding the definite consequences of the Covid-19 outbreak 
and should the global demand for fish and/or the Group's supply chain experience disruptions, it may adversely  
affect the Group's revenue, operations, financial condition and business. 
 
Price developments for Atlantic salmon have been very volatile in 2021, substantially influenced by the ripple effects 
of the COVID-19 pandemic. It is not possible for the management and Board of Directors to form any precise opinion 
on the duration or consequences of the pandemic, but developments in 2021 provide grounds for optimism. There 
are indications that seafood is gaining in popularity with consumers, and we are therefore optimistic with a view to 
the underlying future trend in demand for seafood, and consequently for the Group’s operations and value creation. 
 
The whitefish industry still faces significant challenges in relation to the impact on demand of COVID19. It is 
naturally not possible for the Group to know how long the restrictions will last, but Lerøy’s long term plans remain 
the same. 
 
The Board of Directors underlines that uncertainties related to assessments of future developments remain higher 
than normal, but believes that the strong development in demand for seafood gives grounds for optimism. 
 
 
Other risk factors:  
Reputational risks as operations may be considered harmful to the environment or animal welfare, potentially 
impacting the image and reputation of the Group’s underlying business. Environmental risks related to changes in 
water temperature, drastic weather conditions, major climatic trends, or incidents involving environmental damage 
or pollution may disrupt the Group’s operations and supplies. 
Risk factors related to the bonds 
The Bonds may not qualify as "green bond" under the forthcoming EU Taxonomy and EU Green Bond 
Standard:  
The Bonds are expected to be registered as green bonds on the Oslo Stock Exchange´s Green Bond List based 
on the current ICMA Green Bond Principles ("GBP") and the current rules for listing green bonds at the Oslo 
Stock Exchange, involving the delivery and publication by the Issuer of a green bond framework and an 
independent second opinion assessment by DNV Business Assurance Services Norway AS (“DNV") of such 
framework and relevant governance procedures of the Issuer.  
 
Neither the Issuer, the Managers or DNV have considered whether the activities described in the Issuer's green 
bond framework will qualify as sustainable activities under the forthcoming EU Taxonomy Regulation 
(2020/852/EU) (the “Taxonomy”) or qualify as EU Green Bonds as per the most recent proposal for the EU Green 
Bond Standard linking the use-of-proceeds to the Taxonomy and requiring minimum safeguards to be met such 
as external verification of use of proceeds.  
The Taxonomy identifies six environmental objectives (climate change mitigation, climate change adaptation, 
sustainable use of water resources, contribution to circular economy, pollution prevention and  
protection of biodiversity). In order to be classified as sustainable, an activity must contribute substantially to at 
least one of these objectives, do no significant harm to any the others and meet technical screening criteria set by

--- Page 7 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
7
the Commission. The Taxonomy is expected to enter into force in 2022 with regard to the first two objectives and 
2023 with regard to for the remaining four objectives. Financing of activities for which there are no technical 
screen criteria when the Taxonomy enters into force (for the relevant environmental objective) will not qualify as a 
sustainable investment for EEA financial law purposes, and may as a consequence possibly be delisted from the 
Green Bond List.  
 
No screening criteria has yet been proposed for the seafood industry. Thus, the Issuer and the Manager cannot 
provide any representations or warranties that the Bonds will qualify as green bonds under the forthcoming EU 
Green Bond Standard. Please also observe that a delisting from the Green Bond List at the Oslo Stock Exchange 
will not qualify as a Listing Failure under the Bond Terms. 
 
The Bonds are unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank behind certain lenders:  
The Bonds are unsecured obligations ranking at least on equal terms with all other unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and ahead of subordinated debt. Thus, the Bonds will not have any security over any of the Issuer's assets 
or be guaranteed by any other entity. Additionally, the Bonds are in all material aspects subordinated certain other 
secured financial indebtedness of the Group, as permitted by the Bond terms. Because of the unsecured nature 
of the Bonds and other secured and structurally senior indebtedness of the Group, there is a risk that the 
bondholders’ potential claims against the Issuer in an event of insolvency or liquidation may not be covered in full, 
partly or at all. 
 
Defaults or insolvency of subsidiaries:  
Defaults by, or the insolvency of, certain subsidiaries of the Group could result in the obligation of the Group to 
make payments under parent company financial or performance guarantees in respect of such subsidiaries’ 
obligations, or cause cross-defaults on certain borrowings of the Group. There can be no assurance that the 
Group and its assets would be protected from any actions by the creditors of any subsidiary of the Group, whether 
under bankruptcy law, by contract or otherwise. 
 
The terms and conditions of the Bond Terms allow for modification of the Bonds or waivers or 
authorizations of breaches and substitution of the Issuer which, in certain circumstances, may  
be affected without consent of all bondholders:  
The Bond Terms will contain provisions for calling meetings of bondholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all bondholders, including bondholders who 
did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and bondholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Nordic Trustee AS, as trustee on behalf of the bondholders, may without the consent of bondholders, agree to 
certain modifications of the Bond Terms and other finance documents which, in the opinion of the Trustee, are 
proper to make. 
 
Enforcement of rights as a bondholder across multiple jurisdictions may prove difficult:  
It may be difficult or impossible for Nordic Trustee as bond trustee on behalf of the bondholders to bring an action 
against the Group or the assets of the Group. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under the Bond Terms, 
any enforcement proceedings could be subject to lengthy delays resulting in, inter alia, increased custodial costs 
or adverse tax consequences. The costs of enforcement in foreign jurisdictions, particularly if proceedings are on-
going simultaneously in different jurisdictions, can be high. Even if the bondholders are successful in bringing an 
action in these jurisdictions, local laws may prevent or restrict the bondholders from enforcing a judgment against 
the Group's assets or the assets of its officers.

--- Page 8 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
8
2 Definitions 
 
Annual Report 2020 
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA’s annual report of 2020 
 
Articles of Association 
The articles of association of Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, as amended and 
currently in effect 
 
Base Propectus 
This document dated 15 February 2022. The Base Propectus has been 
approved by the Norwegian FSA, as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian FSA only approves this Base Propectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval shall 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subjet of 
this Base Propectus. The Base Propectus has been drawn up as part of a 
simplified prospectus in accordance with Article 14 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129.  
 
Board or  
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of Lerøy Seafood Group ASA 
 
Companies Registry 
The Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises (Foretaksregisteret) 
 
Company/Issuer/Lerøy/ 
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA 
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, a Norwegian public limited liability company 
incorporated under the laws of Norway, including the public limited 
companies act 
 
Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
The consolidated financial statements and notes included in the Annual 
Report 2020 
 
EEA 
European Economic Area 
 
Final Terms 
Document to be prepared for each new issue of bonds under the 
Prospectus. The template for Final Terms is included in the Base 
Prospectus as Annex 2. 
 
 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this template for Final Terms as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this 
template for Final Terms. Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
First half-year Report 2021 
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA’s report for first half-year of 2021 
 
Group 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time 
 
IFRS 
International Financial Reporting Standards 
 
ISIN 
International Securities Identification Number 
 
NOK 
Norwegian kroner 
 
Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus together with a Final Terms constitutes the 
Prospectus. 
 
VAP 
Value-added processing 
 
VPS or VPS System 
The Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA

--- Page 9 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
9
3 Persons responsible  
3.1 Persons responsible for the information 
Persons responsible for the information given in the Base Propectus are as follows: 
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, Thormøhlens gate 51 B, N-5006 Bergen, Norway 
 
3.2 Declaration by persons responsible 
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA declares that to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in the Base 
Propectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Propectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.    
 
 
Bergen, 15 February 2022 
 
 
 
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA

--- Page 10 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
10
4 Statutory Auditors   
The statutory auditor for the Issuer for the period covered by the historical financial information in this Base 
Prospectus has been PricewaterhouseCoopers AS, independent public accountants.  
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS is member of The Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Norwegian: Den 
Norske Revisorforeningen).

--- Page 11 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
11
5 Information about the Issuer 
5.1 Legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
The legal name of the Issuer is Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, and the commercial name of the Issuer is Lerøy. 
 
5.2 Domicile, legal form and contact details 
The Company is domiciled and incorporated in Norway. The Company is a public limited liability company 
incorporated under the laws of Norway, including the Public Limited Companies Act.  
 
The Company's registered address is Thormøhlens gate 51 B, N-5006 Bergen, Norway. The Company’s LEI code 
is 5967007LIEEXZXJ2JK50.  
 
The Company's telephone number is +47 55 21 36 50. 
 
The Company’s website is http://www.leroyseafood.com. The information on the website does not form part of the 
Base Propectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Propectus.

--- Page 12 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
12
6 Business overview    
 
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA is a global seafood corporation with its head office in Bergen. The Group’s approx. 
5,000 employees process between 350,000 and 400,000 tonnes of seafood every year via our value chain, 
corresponding to around 5 million meals every day. The Group has a vertically integrated value chain for red fish 
and whitefish, and significant activities using third-party products. 
The Group's values - open, honest, responsible and creative - shall represent the very foundations of everything 
we do, and we work hard to achieve the goal of creating the world's most efficient and sustainable value chain for 
seafood. The target for return on capital employed (ROCE) is 18% p.a.. The Group has set a number of targets 
within sustainability, including cutting greenhouse gas emissions by 46% by 2030. 
 
6.1 Operating segments 
Lerøy is involved in every stage of the production of salmon and trout, catch, and processing of whitefish and 
shellfish. The Group is involved not only in catches and fish farming, but also package and process fish at its 
plants and distribute thousands of different seafood products to retailers, restaurants, canteens and hotels - in 
more than 80 countries worldwide. 
 
The Group reports within three main segments; Wild catch, Farming and VAP, Sales and Distribution. 
 
 
6.1.1 Wild catch 
The Wild Catch segment comprises businesses acquired in 2016, when Lerøy Seafood Group became the sole 
owner of both Havfisk AS and Norway Seafoods Group AS. These are businesses with substantial operations 
within the catch and processing of whitefish in Norway. Lerøy Havfisk currently has ten trawlers, while Lerøy 
Norway Seafoods operate factories in Berlevåg, Båtsfjord, Forsøl, Kjøllefjord, Melbu, Stamsund, Sørvær and 
Tromvik. 
 
The wholly owned subsidiary Lerøy Havfisk’s primary business is wild catches of whitefish. Lerøy Havfisk has 
licence rights to harvest just above 10% of the total Norwegian cod quotas in the zone north of 62 degrees 
latitude, corresponding to around 30% of the total quota allocated to the trawler fleet. Lerøy Havfisk also owns 
several processing plants, which are mainly leased to its sister company Lerøy Norway Seafoods (LNWS) on 
long-term contracts. Under the trawler licences, Lerøy Havfisk have an obligation to operate these processing 
plants.  
 
LNWS’s primary business is processing wild-caught whitefish. The company has 12 processing plants and 
purchasing stations in Norway, five of which are leased from Lerøy Havfisk.

--- Page 13 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
13
6.1.2 Farming 
The Farming segment comprises the Group's production of salmon, trout and cleaner fish up to the time of 
harvest. The Group has three fully integrated value chains for production of salmon and trout, located in North 
Norway, Central Norway and West Norway. The Group's companies in this segment - Lerøy Aurora (North 
Norway), Lerøy Midt (Central Norway) and Lerøy Sjøtroll (West Norway) - are major employers along the 
Norwegian coastline and strive to be visible and active in all the regions in which they operate. 
 
The Group is among the world’s largest producers of salmon and trout. 
6.1.3 VAP, Sales and Distribution 
Lerøy has a global reach within the VAP, Sales & Distribution segment. The company works with sales, market 
and product development, distribution and simple processing of the Group’s own raw materials, but also a large 
volume of raw materials from partners and a network of suppliers. Lerøy Seafood Group has wholesalers, 
factories and fish-cuts in a number of different markets worldwide. 
 
The VAP, Sales & Distribution segment is involved in processing of mainly salmon and trout, as well as other 
species. The groups facilities are located in Norway, Sweden, Finland, the Netherlands, Spain, France, Portugal, 
Italy and Turkey. The segment's products are increasingly sold to the global market. 
 
 
6.2 Product range 
Lerøy Seafood is a full range seafood solution provider within the retail, horeca and industry segments. Below is a 
description of some of the different products. 
 
Fillets & portions: Lerøy offer a wide selection, both farmed and wild catches both fresh and frozen in 
many different varieties 
 
Wholefish: Lerøy offer a wide selection of whole fish, both farmed and wild caught 
 
Ready-to eat: Lerøy offers a wide selection of ready-to-eat products such as sushi, sashi and poke 
 
Smoked&graved: Lerøy offer a wide selection of smoked and graved products, mainly based on salmon 
and trout 
 
Organic products: Lerøy offers organic salmon 
 
Ready to cook: Lerøy offer a wide range of ready to cook products, e.g. in oven ready packaging 
 
Shellfish: Lerøy offers a wide range of different shellfish 
 
Seaweed: Lerøy grows and offers Seaweed

--- Page 14 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
14
7 Trend information 
7.1 Prospects and financial performance 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited 
financial statements.  
 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which financial information has been published to the date of the Base Propectus. 
 
7.2 Known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events 
Price developments for Atlantic salmon have been very volatile in 2021, substantially influenced by the ripple effects 
of the COVID-19 pandemic. It is not possible for the management and Board of Directors to form any precise opinion 
on the duration or consequences of the pandemic, but developments in 2021 provide grounds for optimism. There 
are indications that seafood is gaining in popularity with consumers, and we are therefore optimistic with a view to 
the underlying future trend in demand for seafood, and consequently for the Group’s operations and value creation.  
 
The Group’s production of red fish currently takes place mainly in Norway. Norwegian and global salmon and trout 
production are experiencing relatively modest growth, which – combined with a weaker Norwegian krone – has 
resulted in very high prices. This provides an incentive to start production of salmon in new areas using alternative 
technologies. These incentives have existed for several years now, but with long lead times for developing the 
industry, sea-based production in Norway has remained dominant. The harvest volume from land-based production 
of salmon remains insignificant on the end markets. The market share for Norwegian Atlantic salmon may, in the 
long term, be affected by production of salmon and trout in new regions and locations. Through business 
development, investments and a clear operational focus on competitiveness, the Group shall ensure that its value 
chain stands strong in the face of competition in the years to come. As well as developing existing farming 
operations, the Group is accumulating knowledge and/or expertise within both land-based and offshore salmon 
production.  
 
In recent years, Lerøy has made significant investments in several parts of the value chain, including the 
construction of facilities for smolt/post-smolt capacity in all the Group’s regions. Lerøy Sjøtroll’s Kjærelva facility is 
now completed and has an annual biomass production of around 4,000 tonnes. In the fourth quarter of 2020, Lerøy 
Aurora completed the final stages of construction for their smolt facility in Laksefjord. Lerøy Midt can report that the 
second stage of development of the Belsvik facility is going to schedule. The plan is for completion in the first quarter 
of 2022, and the facility will produce around 5 thousand tonnes of biomass. The schedule is to introduce the first 
roe in the first quarter of 2022, and the results produced by the facility are expected to gradually materialise from 
2023. The Group’s investments in improved smolt production and post-smolt production, combined with a number 
of other initiatives, will support the Group’s ambition for continued growth in volume and improved competitiveness 
by means of lower production costs.  
 
The Group has recently worked on a project in Årskog in Fitjar for further development of large smolt. Based on 
several factors the Group has decided to postpone the final decision regarding commissioning.  
 
The Group achieved significant improvements in production in the sea in 2020. The harvest volume was up from 
approximately 158 thousand tonnes in 2019 to 171 thousand tonnes in 2020. Moreover, standing biomass increased 
from 111 thousand tonnes at year-end 2019 to 119 thousand tonnes at year-end 2020. The first months of 2021 
were cold, affecting growth conditions negatively. Growth was good in the second quarter, while the late autumn of 
2021 had slightly lower growth than expected. Since November 2020, the Group has reported a projected harvest 
volume for 2021, including associates, of between 205 and 210 thousand tonnes. At the time of writing, our best 
estimate is approximately 204 thousand tonnes.  
 
For its consolidated operations, Lerøy Seafood Group currently estimates a harvest volume of 190 thousand tonnes 
in 2022. The Group's share from associates is forecast to be 17 thousand tonnes. This does not include the 
increased share from associates following Scottish Sea Farms Ltd.’s acquisition of Grieg Seafood Hjaltland. The 
estimated total harvest volume in 2022 is expected to be approximately 207 thousand tonnes.  
 
The Group has made substantial investments in whitefish in recent years. One new vessel was added to the fleet 
in 2018 – Nordtind – and another in early 2020 – Kongsfjord. Further improvements to fish quality were priority 
design criteria for Kongsfjord. Consumers are making ever-increasing demands and expectations on quality. High 
quality and competitiveness are essential for success when competing for consumers’ preferences.  
 
The whitefish industry still faces significant challenges in relation to the impact on demand of COVID19. It is naturally 
not possible for the Group to know how long the restrictions will last, but Lerøy’s longterm plans remain the same. 
The work on and investments in making the factories less seasonally dependent continue, along with well-organised

--- Page 15 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
15
and meticulous work on making improvements to each unit. We believe that this process will generate results with 
time.  
 
In June 2021, ICES (the International Council for the Exploration of the Sea) published its recommendations for the 
total quotas of cod, haddock and saithe in 2022. These recommendations entail reductions in the cod and haddock 
quotas of 20% and 23% respectively. For saithe north of 62 degrees latitude, a quota roughly equivalent to that in 
2021 is recommended, while a 24% reduction in the total quota is recommended for North Sea catches. In October, 
Norway and Russia ratified a quota agreement for 2022 that mainly complies with the ICES recommendations.  
 
Lerøy works to develop an efficient and sustainable value chain for seafood. This not only provides costefficient 
solutions, but also quality, availability, a high level of service, traceability, and competitive climate-related and 
environmental solutions. Investments in recent years, e.g., in a new industrial facility for Lerøy Midt, a new factory 
in Stamsund and new factories in Spain, the Netherlands and Italy, close to being commissioned, will make a 
positive contribution in the years to come. The management and Board of Directors are confident that Lerøy is well-
positioned for continued profitable growth and development of Group operations.  
 
The Group’s products are healthy and tasty. Production is sustainable from a financial, climate and environmental 
perspective. The management and Board of Directors continue to expect good underlying growth in demand in the 
years ahead.   
 
The Board of Directors underlines that uncertainties related to assessments of future developments remain higher 
than normal, but believes that the strong development in demand for seafood gives grounds for optimism. At the 
same time, the Group is currently experiencing inflation in the costs for important input factors, and this will impact 
cost developments in 2022. Nonetheless, the Board of Directors is confident that the Group has a strong position 
for the years to come. The Board of Directors currently expects earnings in Q4 2021 to be higher than in Q3 2021, 
with a corresponding improvement for 2021 as a whole when compared with 2020.

--- Page 16 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
16
8 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
8.1 Information about persons 
 
Board of Directors 
For the members of the Board of Directors of the Company the description below sets out the names, business 
address and functions within the Issuer and an indication of the principal activities performed by them outside the 
Issuer where these are significant with respect to the Issuer:  
 
Name  
Position  
Helge Singelstad 
Chairman 
Britt Kathrine Drivenes 
Board member 
Arne Møgster 
Board member 
Didrik Munch  
Board member 
Karoline Møgster 
Board member 
Siri Lill Mannes 
Board member  
Hans Petter Vestre 
Board member / Employee representative 
 
For all members of the Board of Directors, the business address is Thormøhlens gate 51 B, N-5006 Bergen, 
Norway. 
 
Helge Singelstad (1963), was appointed to the Board by the extraordinary general meeting on 26 November 
2009. Helge Singelstad holds a degree in computer engineering, a degree in Business Administration from the 
Norwegian School of Economics (NHH) and took a foundation course in law at the University of Bergen. Helge 
Singelstad has previously held positions as CEO, Vice CEO and CFO of Lerøy Seafood Group. Consequently, he 
has broad knowledge of the Group and the industry. Helge Singelstad is Chairman of the Board of Austevoll 
Seafood ASA and Vice Chairman of the Board of DOF ASA. He is the Managing Director of Laco AS. Laco AS is 
a majority shareholder of Austevoll Seafood ASA. Helge Singelstad owns no shares or options in Lerøy Seafood 
Group ASA, but as a shareholder in Austevoll Seafood ASA he indirectly owns shares in the Group. 
 
Britt Kathrine Drivenes (1963) was elected to the Board by the annual general meeting on 20 May 2008. Britt 
Kathrine Drivenes holds a Bachelor of Business Administration from the Norwegian School of Management (BI) 
and a Master of Business Administration in Strategic Management from the Norwegian School of Economics 
(NHH). She is the CFO of Austevoll Seafood ASA and is also a board member in a number of companies. She 
indirectly owns shares in Lerøy Seafood Group ASA as a shareholder in Austevoll Seafood ASA. 
 
Arne Møgster (1975) was appointed to the Board by the annual general meeting on 26 May 2009. Arne Møgster 
holds a Bachelor degree in Business Administration and an MSc in International Shipping. Arne Møgster is the 
CEO of Austevoll Seafood ASA and board member in a number of companies including Laco AS. As a 
shareholder in Laco AS, Arne Møgster indirectly owns shares in Lerøy Seafood Group ASA. 
 
Didrik Munch (1956) was appointed to the Board by the annual general meeting on 23 May 2012. Didrik Munch 
has a degree in law from the University of Bergen and qualified as a police officer at the Norwegian Police 
University College in Oslo. He has worked in a number of positions within the Norwegian police force (1977-
1986). From 1986 to 1997, he worked in finance, primarily in the DNB system. Towards the end of this period, he 
was part of DNB's corporate management, as Director for the Corporate Customer division. From 1997 to 2008, 
Didrik Munch was CEO of Bergens Tidende AS (a Norwegian newspaper). From 2008 to 2018 he was CEO of 
Schibsted Norge AS (former Media Norge AS), and is today self-employed. Didrik Munch has sat on the boards of 
a number of companies, both as chairman and ordinary member. Didrik Munch is now Chairman of the Board of 
Storebrand ASA and Solstrand Fjordhotell Holding AS. He is also a board member in Grieg Star Group AS and 
Schibsted Media AS. He owns no shares in Lerøy Seafood Group ASA. 
 
Karoline Møgster (1980) was appointed to the Board by the annual general meeting on 23 May 2017. Karoline 
Møgster has a law degree from the University of Bergen (Candidata juris). She also has a Masters’ degree in 
accounting and auditing (MRR) from the Norwegian School of Economics. She has worked as a lawyer with 
Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS and is now employed as a lawyer for the Møgster Group. She is a board 
member for Laco AS and has experience of board work from DOF ASA and other companies in the DOF Group. 
Karoline Møgster indirectly owns shares in Lerøy Seafood Group ASA as a shareholder of Laco AS. 
 
Siri Lill Mannes (1970), was appointed to the Board by the annual general meeting on 23 May 2018. She has 
studied history at second degree level, Russian at intermediate level and Russian-Soviet studies at one-year 
foundation level. She has also completed the Armed Forces’ course in Russian and officer's training school and 
studies in political science in Georgia, USA (1-year grant from Rotary). Siri Lill Mannes has an extensive

--- Page 17 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
17
background from journalism, has worked as a TV host and entrepreneur. She started working for TV2 when the 
TV channel was founded in 1992. Since 2010, she has been the Director of the communications company 
SpeakLab AS, where she is also a partner and founder. Siri Lill Mannes owns no shares in Lerøy Seafood Group 
ASA.  
Hans Petter Vestre (1966) was appointed to the Board as the employees’ representative at the annual general 
meeting on 24 April 1995. Hans Petter Vestre is a graduate of the Norwegian College of Fishery, University of 
Tromsø. He was employed by Hallvard Lerøy AS sales manager in 1992 and is today team leader in Lerøy 
Seafood AS. Hans Petter Vestre owned 1,200 shares in Lerøy Seafood Group ASA. 
 
 
Management 
For the members of the Management of the Company the description below sets out the names, business 
address and functions within the Issuer and an indication of the principal activities performed by them outside the 
Issuer where these are significant with respect to the Issuer: 
 
Name  
Position  
Henning Beltestad 
Chief Executive Officer 
Bjarne Reinert 
COO Farming 
Sjur Malm 
Chief Financial Officer 
Siren Merete Grønhaug 
Group director HR 
Ivar Wulff 
COO Sales and Distribution 
 
For all members of the Management, the business address is Thormøhlens gate 51 B, N-5006 Bergen, Norway. 
 
Henning Beltestad has been CEO of Lerøy Seafood Group since 2010. He started in Hallvard Lerøy ASA in 
1993 and has had many positions within the firm since then. Henning Beltestad became managing director of 
Hallvard Lerøy AS in 2007, and in 2008 he became part ofGroup management within Sales and Distribution as 
his field of responsibility. Henning Beltestad has a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the Norwegian School of 
Management. Beltestad owns 49.200 shares in Lerøy Seafood Group ASA. 
 
Bjarne Reinert (1982) was appointed COO Farming in 2021. He came from the position as head of fish health in 
Lerøy Seafood Group (LSG). Bjarne Reinert was appointed fish health manager in Sjøtroll Havbruk in 2009, after 
working in the Norwegian Food Safety Authority. Since 2011, he has worked primarily with fish health in the 
farming division of LSG. Bjarne Reinert has master’s degree in Aquamedicine from the University of Tromsø (UiT) 
and Executive MBA in strategic management from the Norwegian School of Economics (NHH), in addition to 
experience and education in leadership from the Norwegian Armed Forces. Reinert owns 2.800 shares in Lerøy 
Seafood Group ASA. 
 
Sjur Malm (1978) was appointed as the CFO of Lerøy Seafood Group ASA 2012. He joined the company from a 
position as analyst for SEB Enskilda, where he had been employed since 2004, as an analyst within different 
sectors such as the Fishing and Industry sector. He has several times been named best analyst in Norway within 
those sectors in which he has been involved. Sjur Malm holds a Masters degree in Economics and Business 
Administration from the Norwegian School of Economics (NHH) and he has also completed a Cand.Merc degree 
in Finance at the same school. Sjur Malm owns  15.000 shares in Lerøy Seafood Group ASA. 
 
Siren Merete Grønhaug was appointed Group director HR of Lerøy Seafood Group ASA in 2019. She was 
previously CFO of Lerøy Seafood AS. Siren Merete Grønhaug has broad knowledge of both the seafood industry 
and the Group from many years’ experience at management level in Lerøy, and has been a key resource in 
various strategy and organisational processes. In addition, she has substantial board experience from different 
companies in LSG ASA and is also a board member of Austevoll Seafood ASA. Siren Merete Grønhaug 
graduated as a Business Economist from the Norwegian School of Economics (NHH) and has completed 
additional training through the AFF Solstrand management development programme, various other management 
programmes and at BI Norwegian Business School. Siren Merete Grønhaug owns 1,200 shares in Lerøy Seafood 
Group ASA. 
 
Ivar Wulff (1974) was appointed COO Sales and Distribution of Lerøy Seafood Group ASA in 2019. He joined 
Hallvard Lerøy AS in 2007, since when he has mainly worked on laying the foundations for strengthening and 
establishing distribution channels and industrial market activities. Ivar Wulff graduated with an M.Sc. in Fisheries 
Science from the University of Tromsø. Wulff indirectly owns shares in Lerøy Seafood Group ASA as a 
shareholder in Austevoll Seafood ASA.

--- Page 18 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
18
8.2 Potential conflicts of interest 
 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties carried out on behalf of the Issuer by the persons 
referred to in item 8.1 and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 19 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
19
9 Major shareholders 
9.1 Ownership  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the share capital of Lerøy Seafood Group ASA amounted to NOK 
59,577,368 divided into 595,773,680 shares at nominal value of NOK 0.10 each. The Company has one class of 
shares. 
 
An overview of the Company’s major shareholders as of 31 December 2021 is set out in the table below: 
 
 
 
 
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA is a subsidiary of Austevoll Seafood ASA (52.69%), which in turn is owned (55.55%) 
by Laco AS. Other than what follows by laws and regulations, no other measures are in place to ensure that such 
majority ownership is not abused. There are laws and regulations in place to prevent abuse of majority ownership. 
No further measures are taken.  
 
Folketrygdfondet owns 5.42 % of the shares in Lerøy Seafood Group ASA. 
 
9.2 Change of control of the company 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control in Lerøy Seafood Group ASA. 
 
Overview of the 20 largest shareholders at 31.12.2021:
No. of shares
Ownership
AUSTEVOLL SEAFOOD ASA
313 942 810
     
52,69 %
FOLKETRYGDFONDET
32 314 492
       
5,42 %
UBS AG
18 484 295
       
3,10 %
State Street Bank and Trust Comp
9 010 866
         
1,51 %
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV
7 559 304
         
1,27 %
PARETO AKSJE NORGE VERDIPAPIRFOND
7 398 809
         
1,24 %
FERD AS
6 682 048
         
1,12 %
Banque Degroof Petercam Lux. SA
6 627 179
         
1,11 %
BNP Paribas Securities Services
5 532 810
         
0,93 %
State Street Bank and Trust Comp
5 477 668
         
0,92 %
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London
4 769 577
         
0,80 %
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London
4 437 350
         
0,74 %
VERDIPAPIRFOND ODIN NORGE
4 263 903
         
0,72 %
SIX SIS AG
3 939 925
         
0,66 %
State Street Bank and Trust Comp
3 923 019
         
0,66 %
DANSKE INVEST NORSKE INSTIT. II.
3 797 761
         
0,64 %
The Bank of New York Mellon
3 774 621
         
0,63 %
J.P. MORGAN BANK LUXEMBOURG S.A.
3 376 556
         
0,57 %
CLEARSTREAM BANKING S.A.
3 282 868
         
0,55 %
VPF DNB AM NORSKE AKSJER
3 208 080
         
0,54 %
Total 20 largest shareholders
451 803 941
75,83 %
Andre / others
143 969 739
24,17 %
Totalt / total
595 773 680
100,00 %

--- Page 20 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
20
10 Financial information concerning the Company's assets 
and liabilities, financial position and profits and losses 
10.1 Financial statements 
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA's consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with 
international standards for financial reporting (IFRS) and interpretations established by the International 
Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and adopted by the EU. The Group's accounting policies are shown in the 
Annual Report 2020, note 1, pages 92-102. 
 
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA's financial statements have been prepared according to the regulations of the 
Accounting Act of 1998 and good accounting practice. Lerøy Seafood Group ASA's accounting policies are shown 
in the Annual Report 2020, note 1, page 171. 
 
According to the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, the historical 
financial information and financial statements is incorporated by reference to the Annual Report 2020 and the 
First half-year Report 2021. See Cross Reference List for complete web addresses.  
 
Annual Report 2020
First half-year Report 2021
Page(s)
Page(s)
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA Consolidated
Income Statement 
86
16
 
Statement of financial positions
 
88-89
 
17
 
Statement of cash flows
 
91
 
19
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
 
92-165
 
20-31
 
 
10.2 Auditing of historical annual financial information 
The historical financial information for 2020 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers AS. The audit has 
been conducted in accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practices generally accepted in 
Norway, including International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information for the Company is given in the Annual Report 2020 pages 
188-192. 
 
 
10.3 Legal and arbitration proceedings   
Investigation by the competition authorities  
On 20 February 2019, the EU's competition authorities (“the Commission”) initiated investigations relating to the 
suspicion of restrictive practices involving collaboration on the salmon market. Lerøy Seafood Group ASA is one 
of the companies to be investigated. The US Department of Justice (DOJ) initiated investigations of the 
Norwegian salmon industry in November 2019. In that regard, Lerøy Seafood USA Inc., a tier subsidiary of Lerøy 
Seafood Group ASA, received a writ of summons from the DOJ, with a request for information. It is unclear 
precisely what the above-mentioned authorities believe has occurred in the way of any illegal collaboration, when 
this may have occurred and any negative consequences. Lerøy Seafood Group ASA is assisting the authorities 
by facilitating an efficient execution of the proceedings. Case proceedings for this type of issue normally take up 
to several years, and it remains too early to say whether the issues may result in sanctions or other negative 
consequences for the companies involved. 
 
In the wake of the European Commission's investigations, Lerøy Seafood Group ASA and a number of other 
Norwegian-owned aquaculture companies have been sued by customers in the USA and Canada. Several class 
actions have been issued, some of which overlap and compete with each other, and have been united for joint 
proceedings. In most of these cases, it is the subsidiary Lerøy Seafood AS, and not Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 
which is named as defendant, in addition to Lerøy Seafood USA, Inc. The class actions are in the early stages, 
and it remains too early to say whether these issues may result in legally binding claims or other negative 
consequences for the companies involved.

--- Page 21 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
21
The Group is of the opinion that any claim against Lerøy Seafood Group will be without grounds, and has 
therefore not made any provisions on the accounts in relation to these proceedings. 
 
Other than the above, there has been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the 
previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer and/or 
Group's financial position or profitability. 
 
 
10.4 Significant change in the Issuer’s financial position 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group which has occurred since the end of 
the last financial period for which interim financial information has been published.

--- Page 22 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
22
11 Regulatory disclosures 
The below tables are a summary of the information disclosed by the Issuer under Regulation (EU) 596/2014 over 
the last 12 months which is relevant at the date of the Base Prospectus. 
 
Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of a member state
Date
Information
09.09.2021 
Successful placement of new senior unsecured green bonds; 
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA has successfully completed new senior unsecured green bond 
issues of NOK 500 million with maturity 17 September 2026, NOK 500 million with maturity 17 
September 2027, and NOK 500 million with maturity 17 September 2031. 
26.05.2021 
Ordinary General Shareholders Meeting held; 
All items were resolved in accordance with the Annual General Meeting notice and the 
recommendations of the Nomination Committee. 
 
 
Half yearly financial reports and audit reports / limited reviews
Date
Information
11.11.2021 
Results for Q3 2021; 
Disclosure of the results for Q3 2021 
19.08.2021 
Results for Q2 and first half of 2021; 
Disclosure of the results for Q2 and the first half of 2021 
20.05.2021 
Results for Q1 2021; 
Disclosure of the results for Q1 2021 
11.11.2020 
Results for Q3 2020; 
Disclosure of the results for Q3 2020 
 
 
Non-regulatory press relases
Date
Information
02.07.2021 
Assigned investment grade rating with a stable outlook from Nordic Credit Rating; 
Nordic Credit Rating (NCR) has assigned a "BBB" long-term issuer credit rating to Lerøy 
Seafood ASA with a stable outlook. 
 
 
Annual financial and audit reports
Date
Information
30.04.2021 
Integrated annual report for 2020 
Disclosure of the annual report for 2020 
 
 
Inside information
Date
Information
29.06.2021 
Scottish Sea Farms Ltd. enters into a Share Purchase Agreement to acquire Grieg Seafood 
Hjaltland UK Ltd.; 
Scottish Sea Farms Ltd. ("SSF"), a vertically integrated Scottish salmon farming company 
owned 50/50 by Lerøy Seafood Group ASA and SalMar ASA, has signed a Share Purchase 
Agreement to acquire 100% of the Shares in Grieg Seafood Hjaltland UK Ltd. ("GSHU") from 
Grieg Seafood ASA. The acquisition was completed on Dec 15th 2021.

--- Page 23 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
23
12 Documents available  
 
For the term of the Base Propectus the following documents, where applicable, can be inspected at the Issuer's 
website stated in clause 5.2: 
 
(a) 
the up to date memorandum and articles of association of the Issuer; 
 
(b) 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer's 
request any part of which is included or referred to in the Base Propectus.

--- Page 24 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
24
13 Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base 
Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus, as approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, allows for 
Bonds to be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating within any 
EEA country.  
 
This chapter describes the form, type, definitions, general terms and conditions, return and redemption 
mechanisms, rating and template for Final Terms associated with the Bonds. 
 
Risk factors related to the Bonds are described in Chapter 1 Risk Factors. 
 
13.1 Securities Form 
A Bond is a financial instrument as defined in Norwegian Securities Trading Act’s (Verdipapirhandellovens)  
§ 2-2.  
 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository.  
13.2 Security Type 
Borrowing limit – tap issue 
The Loan may be either open or closed for increase of the Borrowing Amount during the tenor. A tap issue can 
take place until five banking days before the Maturity Date. If the issue is open, the First Tranche and Borrowing 
Limit will be specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
 
Return 
Fixed Rate (FIX) 
A Bond issue with a fixed Interest Rate will bear interest at a fixed rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The Interest Rate will be payable annually or semi-annually on the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
A Bond issue with a floating Interest Rate will bear interest equal to a Reference Rate plus a fixed Margin for a 
specified period (3, 6 or 12 months). Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero. The period 
lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period is determined two Business Days 
prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate will be payable quarterly, semi-annually or annually on the the Interest Payment Dates as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Redemption 
The Loan will mature in full at the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the nominal amount.  
 
The Issuer may have the option to prematurely redeem the Loan in full at terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder at terms specified in the applicable Final terms. 
 
Security 
The Bonds may be either secured or unsecured. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Negative pledge 
The Bonds may have negative pledge clause. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 25 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
25
 
13.3 Definitions 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other definitions 
relevant for this Prospectus. If these definitions at any point in time no longer represents the correct 
understanding of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
 
Additional Bonds: 
Means debt instruments issued under a Tap Issue, including any Temporary Bonds as defined 
in the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Attachment: 
Means any schedule, appendix or other attachment to the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Base Prospectus: 
This document. Describes the Issuer and predefined features of Bonds that can be offered or 
listed under the Base prospectus, as specified in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Valid for 12 months after it has been published. In this period, a prospectus may be constituted 
by the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms for 
each new issue. 
Bond Issue/Bonds/ 
Notes/the Loan: 
Means (i) the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Bond Terms, and (ii) any 
overdue and unpaid principal which has been issued under a separate ISIN in accordance with 
the regulations of the CSD from time to time. 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
The terms and conditions, including all Attachments which form an integrated part of the Bond 
Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
 
 
Bondholder: 
A person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a 
Bond, subject however to the Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bondholders’ 
decisions: 
The Bondholders’ Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in 
all matters relating to the Bonds and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and 
conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and 
any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes. 
 
At the Bondholders’ meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each voting bond owned 
at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders’ meeting in the records 
registered in the Securities Depository.  
 
In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the voting bonds must be represented at the 
Bondholders' meeting. See also the clause for repeated Bondholders’ meeting in the Bond 
Terms.  
 
Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, 
however, a majority of at least 2/3 of the voting bonds represented at the Bondholders’ Meeting 
is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of the Bond Terms. 
 
(For more details, see also the clause for Bondholders’ decisions in the Bond Terms) 
 
 
Bondholders rights: 
Bondholders' rights are specified in the Bond Terms.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the 
Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, or its successor(s) Website: 
https://nordictrustee.com 
 
The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the 
Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, 
including enforcement of the Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others. 
 
The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the finance documents. 
The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or 
any other obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in the Bond Terms, or to take any steps 
to ascertain whether any event of default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is entitled to take 
such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights 
of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the finance documents.

--- Page 26 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
26
 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap 
Issue and Borrowing 
Amount/First Tranche 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue is the maximum issue amount for an open Bond issue.  
 
Borrowing Amount/First Tranche is the borrowing amount for a closed Bond Issue, eventually 
the borrowing amount for the first tranche of an open Bond Issue. 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue and Borrowing Amount/First Tranche will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Business Day: 
Means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system is open, and the relevant 
currency of the Bonds settlement system is open. 
 
 
Business Day 
Conventon: 
Means that if the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business 
Day: 
a) If Modified Following Adjusted is specified (FRN), the Interest Period will be extended to 
include the first following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in 
which case the Interest Period will be shortened to the first preceding Business Day. 
b) If No Adjustment is specified (Fixed Rate), no adjustment will be made to the Interest 
Period. 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
The Bond Trustee, if not otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Call Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer may redeem all but not only some of the 
Outstanding Bonds on any Business Day.  
 
In such case the Call Date(s), the Call Price(s) and the Call Notice Period will be specified in 
the Final Terms. 
 
 
Change of Control 
Event: 
Means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby a person or group of persons 
acting in concert, other than Austevoll Seafood ASA or any of its Affiliates, gain Decisive 
Influence over the Issuer. 
 
 
Currency: 
The currency in which the bond issue is denominated. 
 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Day Count Convention:
The convention for calculation of payment of interest; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of 
twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number 
of days elapsed (30/360-days basis), unless: 
(i) the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of 
that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; 
or 
(ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in 
which case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
(b) If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-
days basis). 
 
 
Decisive Influence: 
Means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or 
interests in another person (directly or indirectly): 
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or 
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other     
person. 
 
 
Denomination – Each 
Bond: 
The nominal amount of each Bond. 
 
Denomination of each bond will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Disbursement Date / 
Issue Date 
Date of bond issue.  
 
On the Issue Date the bonds will be delivered to the Bondholder’s VPS-account against 
payment or to the Bondholder’s custodian bank if the Bondholder does not have his/her own 
VPS-account.

--- Page 27 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
27
The Issue Date will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Early redemption 
option due to a tax 
event: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is entitled to redeem all (but not only some) of the 
Outstanding Bonds prior to the Maturity Date due to a tax event. 
 
 
Exchange: 
Means: 
(a) Oslo Børs (the Oslo Stock Exchange); or 
(b) any regulated market as such term is understood in accordance with the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II) and Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 on 
markets in financial instruments (MiFIR). 
 
 
Final Terms: 
Document describing securities as specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
prepared as part of the Prospectus. Final Terms will be prepared for each new security as 
specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, issued by the Issuer. 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
In the case of NIBOR: Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period. 
 
Interest Determination Date(s) for other Reference Rates, see Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on the last day of each Interest Period.  
 
Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention. 
 
The Interest Payment Date(s) will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and including an Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
 
(i) 
If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage rate per annum (based 
on the Day Count Convention)  
 
(ii) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate 
plus a Margin (based on the Day Count Convention). Interest Rate or Reference Rate 
may be deemed to be zero. 
 
The Interest Rate is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Rate 
Adjustment Date: 
Date(s) for adjusting of the interest rate for bond issue with floating interest rate. 
 
The Interest Rate Adjustment Date will coincide with the Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond Issue. ISIN is specified in Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Issuer: 
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA is the Issuer under the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Denomination, to be paid by the Bondholders at the Issue Date. 
 
Issue price will be specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Joint Lead Managers: 
The bond issue’s Joint Lead Manager(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI), is a 20-character reference code to uniquely identify legally distinct 
entities that engage in financial transactions. 
 
LEI-code is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Listing: 
Listing of a bond issue on an Exchange is due to the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to 
the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms.

--- Page 28 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
28
 
An application for listing will be sent after the Disbursement Date and as soon as possible after 
the Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA. 
 
Bonds listed on an Exchange are freely negotiable. See also Market Making. 
 
 
Market Making: 
For Bonds listed on an Exchange, a market-maker agreement between the Issuer and a 
Manager may be entered into.  
 
This will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Margin: 
The margin, specified in percentage points, to be added to the Reference rate. 
 
Margin will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
 
Maturity Date: 
The date the bond issue is due for payment, if not already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, 
Put Option or Early redemption option due to a tax event. The Maturity Date coincides with the 
last Interest Payment Date and is adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention.  
 
The Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
 
The Issuer will issue on the Issue date the first tranche of the bond issue as specified in Final 
Terms. During the term of the bond issue, new tranches may be issued up to the Borrowing 
Limit, as specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Paying Agent: 
The entity designated by the Issuer to manage (maintain the Issuer Account for) the bond 
issue in the Securities Depository. 
 
The Paying Agent is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Principal amount: 
Outstanding amounts under the Loan from time to time. 
 
 
Prospectus: 
The Prospectus consists of the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms prepared in connection with application for listing on an 
Exchange.  
 
 
Put Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each 
Bondholder will have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds 
held by that Bondholder. 
 
In such case the exercise procedures, the repayment date and redemption price will be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Put Option Event: 
Means a Change of Control Event.  
 
 
Redemption: 
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, if not 
already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, Put Option og Early redemption option due to a tax 
event.  
 
 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage of the Denomination to which the bond issue is to be 
redeemed at the Maturity Date.  
 
Redemption Price is 100 per cent of Denomination – Each Bond. 
 
 
Reference Rate:  
For FRN, the Reference Rate shall be NIBOR or any other rate as specified in the Final Terms, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the specified time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. 
 
The Reference Rate, the Relevant Screen Page, the specified time, information about the past 
and future performance and volatility of the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions will be 
specified in Final Terms.

--- Page 29 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
29
Relevant Screen Page:
For FRN, an internet address or an electronic information platform belonging to a renowed 
provider of Reference Rates. 
 
The Relevant Screen Page will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Securities Depository 
/CSD: 
The securities depository in which the bonds are registered, in accordance with the Norwegian 
Act of 2019 no. 6 regarding Securities depository. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following Securities Depository will be used: 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository (“Verdipapirsentralen” or ”VPS”), P.O. Box 4, 0051 
Oslo. 
 
 
Tap Issues: 
The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in the Bond Terms are met, at one or 
more occasions up until five banking days before the Maturity Date or any earlier date when 
the Bonds have been redeemed in full, issue Additional Bonds until the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Bonds outstanding equals in aggregate the maximum issue amount (less the 
aggregate nominal amount of any previously redeemed Bonds) 
 
If N/A is specified in the Borrowing Limit in the Final Terms, the Issuer may not make Tap 
issues under the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Temporary Bonds: 
If the Bonds are listed on an Exchange and there is a requirement for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus in order for the Additional Bonds to be listed together with the Bonds, the 
Additional Bonds may be issued under a separate ISIN which, upon the approval of the 
supplement, will be converted into the ISIN for the Bonds issued on the initial Issue Date. The 
Bond Terms governs such Temporary Bonds. The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee, the 
Exchange and the Paying Agent once such supplement is approved. 
 
 
Yield: 
Dependent on the Market Price for bond issue with floating rate. Yield for the first interest 
period can be determined when the interest is known, normally two Business Days before the 
Issue Date. 
  
For bond issue with fixed rate, yield is dependent on the market price and number of Interest 
Payment Dates. 
 
The yield is calculated in accordance with «Anbefaling til Konvensjoner for det norske 
sertifikat- og obligasjonsmarkedet» prepared by Norske Finansanalytikeres Forening in 
January 2020: 
https://www.finansanalytiker.no/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/Rentekonvensjon-pr-januar-2020-
v2.pdf 
 
Yield is specified in Final Terms. 
 
13.4 General terms and conditions 
These general terms and condtions summarize and describe the general terms and conditions set out in any 
Bond Terms. If these general terms and conditions at any point in time no longer represents the correct 
understanding of the general terms and conditions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
 
13.4.1 Use of proceeds 
The Issuer will use the net proceeds of the Initial Bond Issue and any Additional Bonds for green projects as 
further defined by the Green Finance Framework, including by way of refinancing existing intercompany debt 
originally incurred to finance such green projects. 
 
Other use of proceeds will be specified in the Final Terms. 
13.4.2 Publication 
The Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms will be published on 
Issuer’s website https://www.leroyseafood.com/, or on the Issuer's visit address, Thormøhlens gate 51 B, N-5006 
Bergen, Norway, or their successor (s). 
 
The Prospectus will be published by a stock exchange announcement.

--- Page 30 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
30
13.4.3 Redemption 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the Securities Registry. 
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation 
Period Claims of 18 May 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for principal. 
 
13.4.4 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact 
on the income received from the securities. 
 
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the loan. Any public fees or taxes on 
sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or 
regulation. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law. 
 
13.4.5 Security Depository and secondary trading 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository, see also the definition 
of "Securities Depository". Securities Depository is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Secondary trading will be made over an Exchange for Bonds listed on a marketplace. See also definition of 
“Market Making”. 
 
Prospectus fee for the Base Propectus including templates for Final Terms is NOK 91,000. In addition, there is a 
listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list of the Exchange. The listing fees will be 
specified in the Final Terms.  
 
13.4.6 Status of the Bonds and Security 
The Bonds will constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu between 
themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims 
which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application). 
 
The Bonds are unsecured. 
 
The Bonds may have negative pledge clause. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
13.4.7 Bond Terms 
The Bond Terms has been entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms regulates the 
Bondholders’ rights and obligations in relations with the bond issue. The Bond Trustee enters into the Bond 
Terms on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent 
provided for in the Bond Terms. 
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by 
the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to 
be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party. 
 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and is also available through the 
Manager(s), Issuer and the Bond Trustee. 
 
13.4.8 Legislation 
The Bond Terms is governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. The Issuer is subject to 
Norwegian legislation, the most relevant law for the Group's operations is the Public Limited Companies Act, the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act and the Norwegian Stock Exchange Regulations. 
 
13.4.9 Approvals 
The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval. 
 
The date of the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval will be specified in the Final Terms

--- Page 31 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
31
 
The Base Prospectus has been submitted to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) 
before listing of the Bonds takes place. 
 
Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet for information in connection with an application for listing of a 
Bond Issue. 
 
The Base prospectus will not be the basis for offers for subscription in bonds that are not subject to a prospectus 
obligation. 
 
13.4.10 Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
13.5 Return and redemption 
Bonds may have return and redemption mechanisms as explained below. The relevant Final Terms refer to these 
mechanisms and provide relevant parameter values for the specific bond issue. 
13.5.1 Bonds with floating rate 
13.5.1.a Return (interest) 
The Interest Rate is specified in Interest Rate ii). Payment of the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (b). 
 
Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero.  
 
The period lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period are determined two 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus 
the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run 
from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/360, modified following. 
 
13.5.1.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.5.2 Bonds with fixed rate 
13.5.2.a Return (interest) 
The interest rate is specified in Interest Rate (i). Payment of the the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (a).  
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run 
from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/365 for bond issue with fixed rate.  
 
13.5.2.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption.

--- Page 32 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
32
13.6 Rating 
The Bonds may be rated, please see Final Terms. 
 
 
13.7 Final Terms 
Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating bond issue, see Annex 2.

--- Page 33 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
33
Cross reference list 
Reference in 
Base 
Propectus
Refers to 
Details 
10.1 Financial 
statements 
Annual Report 2020, available at 
https://www.leroyseafood.com/en/i
nvestor/reports-and-
webcast/annual-reports/ 
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA’s consolidated accounting 
policies, pages 92-102 
 
 
Annual Report 2020, available at 
https://www.leroyseafood.com/en/i
nvestor/reports-and-
webcast/annual-reports/ 
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA Consolidated 
Income Statement page 86 
Statement of financial positions pages 88-89 
Statement of cash flows page 91 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements pages 92-
165 
 
 
First half-year Report 2021, 
available at 
https://www.leroyseafood.com/en/i
nvestor/reports-and-
webcast/quarterly-reports/ 
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA Consolidated 
Income Statement page 16 
Statement of financial positions page 17 
Statement of cash flows page 19 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements pages 20-
31
10.2 Auditing of 
historical 
annual financial 
information 
Annual Report 2020, available at 
https://www.leroyseafood.com/en/i
nvestor/reports-and-
webcast/annual-reports/ 
Auditors report pages 188-192 
 
 
 
 
 
References to the documents mentioned above are limited to information given in “Details”, e.g. that the non- 
incorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the prospectus.

--- Page 34 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
34
Joint Lead Managers’ disclaimer 
 
Danske Bank A/S, Norwegian Branch, DNB Bank ASA and Pareto Securities AS, the Joint Lead Managers, have 
assisted the Company in preparing the Base Propectus. The Joint Lead Managers have not verified the information 
contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, expressed or implied, is made and the 
Joint Lead Managers expressly disclaim any legal or financial liability as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained in this Base Propectus or any other information supplied in connection with the issuance or 
distribution of bonds by Lerøy Seafood Group ASA. The statements made in this paragraph are without prejudice 
to the responsibility of the Company. 
 
This Base Propectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Lead Managers, available at their 
websites. Confidentiality rules and internal rules restricting the exchange of information between different parts of 
the Joint Lead Managers may prevent employees of the Joint Lead Managers who are preparing this Base 
Propectus from utilizing or being aware of information available to the Joint Lead Managers and/or any of its affiliated 
companies and which may be relevant to the recipient's decisions. 
 
Each person receiving this Base Propectus acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Joint Lead 
Managers, nor on any person affiliated with it in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information 
or its investment decision. 
 
Trondheim/Oslo, 15 February 2022 
 
 
Joint Lead Managers: 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
(www.danskebank.no)  
DNB Bank ASA 
(www.dnb.no) 
Pareto Securities AS 
(www.paretosec.com)

--- Page 35 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
35
Annex 1 Articles of Association for Lerøy Seafood Group 
ASA

--- Page 36 ---
Vedtekter  
for 
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA 
(Sist endret 23. mai 2018) 
 
§1 
Selskapets navn er Lerøy Seafood Group ASA. Selskapet er et allment aksjeselskap. 
 
§2 
Selskapets forretningskontor er i Bergen Kommune. 
 
 
§3 
Selskapets formål er fiskeri, havbruk, foredling, salg og distribusjon innen sjømatnæringen og 
tilknyttet industri og virksomhet. Slik virksomhet kan drives enten direkte eller gjennom deltakelse i 
andre selskaper med tilsvarende eller liknende formål, samt alt hva hermed står i forbindelse. 
 
 
§4 
Selskapets aksjekapital er NOK 59.577.368. Fordelt på 595.773.680 aksjer a NOK 0,1, hver fullt 
innbetalt og pålydende navn. 
 
§5 
Selskapets styre skal ha tre til syv medlemmer etter generalforsamlingens nærmere beslutning. 
Selskapet tegnes av styrets leder og administrerende direktør i felleskap, eller av to styremedlemmer i 
fellesskap. 
 
Selskapet skal ha en valgkomité bestående av tre medlemmer som velges av generalforsamlingen for 
en periode på to år.  Valgkomiteen skal utarbeide forslag til aksjonærvalgt styresammensetning og gi 
innstilling til generalforsamlingen om valg av styre.  Om mulig skal valgkomiteens innstilling sendes 
aksjonærene sammen med innkallingen til generalforsamling. 
 
 
§6 
Den ordinære generalforsamling skal behandle: 
1. Fastsettelse av resultatregnskap og balansen.  
2. Anvendelse av overskudd eller dekning av underskudd i henhold til den fastsatte balanse, samt 
utdeling av utbytte.  
3. Valg av styre.  
4. Andre saker som i henhold til lov hører under generalforsamlingen. 
 
Dokumenter som skal behandles på generalforsamlingen kan gjøres tilgjengelige på selskapets 
internettsider. Det samme gjelder dokumenter som etter lov skal inntas i eller vedlegges innkallingen 
til generalforsamlingen. Dersom dokumentene tilgjengeliggjøres på denne måten, skal ikke lovens 
krav om utsendelse til aksjeeierne få anvendelse. En aksjeeier kan likevel kreve å få tilsendt 
dokumenter som gjelder saker som skal behandles på generalforsamlingen. 
 
§7 
Selskapets aksjer skal være registrert i Verdipapirsentralen. 
 
§8 
For øvrig henvises til den enhver tid gjeldende aksjelovgivning.

--- Page 37 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 15 February 2022 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
36
Annex 2 Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating rate 
Bonds

--- Page 38 ---
[Annex 2] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms 
 
for 
 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bergen, [Date]

--- Page 39 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
2  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purpose of the conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus clauses 2 Definitions and 13.3 Definitions, these Final Terms and the attached Bond Terms. 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are professional investors and eligible counterparties, insert the 
following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only (ECPs) target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties, 
insert 
the 
following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness

--- Page 40 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
3  
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness 
obligations 
under 
MiFID 
II, 
as 
applicable].] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Bonds are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clientsare 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – 
investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject 
to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable].] 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein pursuant to the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 15 February 2022 and [the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]].  
 
The Base Prospectus dated 15 February 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ([together,] the 
“Base Prospectus”). 
 
Final Terms include a summary of each Bond Issue. 
 
These Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] are available on the 
Issuer's website https://www.leroyseafood.com/, or on the Issuer's visit address, Thormøhlens gate 51 B, N-5006 
Bergen, Norway, or their successor (s).

--- Page 41 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
4  
1 Summary  
The below summary has been prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements in Article 7in the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as of 14 June 2017. 
 
Introduction and warning 
Disclosure requirement 
Disclosure 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the securities should be 
based on consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole by the 
investor. The investor could lose all or part of the invested capital.  
Where a claim relating to the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is brought before a court, the plaintiff investor might, 
under the national law, have to bear the costs of translating the 
Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. Civil 
liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the 
summary including any translation thereof, but only where the 
summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read 
together with the other parts of the Base Prospectus, or where it 
does not provide, when read together with the other parts of the 
prospectus, key information in order to aid investors when 
considering whether to invest in such securities. 
Name and international securities 
identification number (‘ISIN’) of the 
securities. 
[●] 
Identity and contact details of the issuer, 
including its legal entity identifier (‘LEI’). 
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, Thormøhlens gate 51 B, N-5006 
Bergen, Norway 
Telephone +47 55 21 36 50  
Registration number 975 350 940 in the Norwegian Companies 
Registry 
LEI-code (legal entity identifier): 5967007LIEEXZXJ2JK50. 
Identity and contact details of the offeror or 
of the person asking for admission to trading 
on a regulated market. 
There is no offeror, the Base Prospectus has been produced in 
connection with listing of the securities on an Exchange. The 
Issuer is going to ask for admission to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Identity and contact details of the competent 
authority that approved the prospectus 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet), 
Revierstredet 3, 0151 Oslo.   
Telephone number is +47 22 93 98 00.  
E-mail: prospekter@finanstilsynet.no. 
Date of approval of the prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus was approved on 15 February 2022. 
 
Key information on the Issuer 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Who is the issuer of the securities 
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA 
Domicile and legal form 
The Company is a public limited liability company incorporated in 
Norway and organized under the laws of Norway, including the 
Public Limited Liability Companies Act 
Principal activities 
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA is a global seafood corporation with its 
head office in Bergen. The Group’s approx. 5,000 employees 
process between 350,000 and 400,000 tonnes of seafood every 
year via our value chain, corresponding to around 5 million meals 
every day. The Group has a vertically integrated value chain for 
red fish and whitefish, and significant activities using third-party 
products. 
Major shareholders

--- Page 42 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
5  
 
 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.  
 
Management 
 
 
The management of the Company can be seen below: 
Name  
Position  
Henning Beltestad 
Chief Executive Officer 
Bjarne Reinert 
COO Farming 
Sjur Malm 
Chief Financial Officer 
Siren Merete Grønhaug 
Group director HR 
Ivar Wulff 
COO Sales and Distribution 
 
 
Statutory auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS 
 
What is the key financial information 
regarding the issuer 
 
Key financial information 
 
 
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA Consolidated 
Amounts in NOK 1,000 
Annual Report 
2020 
First half-year 
Report 2021 
Operating profit 
1,122,903 
2,087,258 
Net interest-bearing debt 
(excl. lease liabilities to other than credit 
institutions) 
4,181 
3,521 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
2,366,851 
1,688,299 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
-1,077,281 
-1,575,994 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
-1,354,214 
-651,780

--- Page 43 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
6  
There is no description of any qualifications in the audit report for the Annual Report 2020. 
What are the key risk factors that are specific 
to the issuer 
• 
Market risks 
• 
Biological risk 
• 
Resource risk 
• 
Other operational risk 
• 
Financial risk 
• 
Production factors, feed costs and supply 
• 
Regulatory risk 
• 
Law 
• 
Covid-19 
• 
Other risks 
 
Key information on the securities 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
What are the main features of the securities 
 
Description of the securities, including ISIN 
code. 
[●] 
Currency for the bond issue 
[●] 
Borrowing Limit and Borrowing Amount  
 [● tranche] 
[●] 
Denomination – Each Bond 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of 
the securities. 
[●] 
Description of the rights attached to the 
securities, limitations to those rights and 
ranking of the securities. 
[●] 
Information about Issue and Maturity Date, 
interest rate, instalment and representative 
of the bondholders 
[●] 
Status of the bonds and security 
[●] 
Where will the securities be traded 
 
Indication as to whether the securities 
offered are or will be the object of an 
application for admission to trading. 
[●]  
What are the key risks that are specific to the 
securities 
 
Most material key risks 
 
 
• 
The Bonds may not qualify as “green bond” under the 
forthcoming EU Taxonomy and EU Green Bond 
Standard 
• 
The Bonds are unsecured obligations of the issuer and 
rank behind certain lenders 
• 
Defaults or insolvency of subsidiaries 
• 
The terms and conditions of the Bond Terms allow for 
modification of the Bonds or waivers or authorizations of 
breaches and substitution of the issuer which, in certain 
circumstances, may be affected without consent of alle 
bondholders 
• 
Enforcement of rights as a bondholder across multiple 
jurisdictions may prove difficult 
  
 
Key information on the admission to trading on a regulated marked 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Under which conditions and timetable can I 
invest in this security? 
 [●] 
 
The estimate of total expenses related to the admission to 
trading, please see clause 13.4.5 in the Base Prospectus. 
 
[/ Other: (specify)]

--- Page 44 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
7  
Listing fee Oslo Børs [●] 
Registration fee Oslo Børs [●] 
 
Why is the prospectus being produced 
In connection with listing of the securities on the Oslo Børs. 
Reasons for the admission to trading on a 
regulated marked and use of. 
Use of proceeds [●] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds [●] 
 
Description of material conflicts of interest to 
the issue including conflicting interests. 
[●]

--- Page 45 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
8  
2 Detailed information about the security 
 
Generally: 
 
ISIN code: 
[ISIN] 
 
 
The Loan/The Bonds: 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
Borrower/Issuer: 
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA registered in the Norwegian Companies 
Registry with registration number 975 350 940. The Company’s LEI code 
is 5967007LIEEXZXJ2JK50. 
 
 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
Security Type: 
[Un]secured [open] bond issue with [fixed/floating] rate 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue: 
[Currency]  
[Amount borrowing limit]  
 
 
Borrowing Amount [●] tranche: 
[Currency]   
 [Amount [●] tranche]  
 
 
  
Denomination – Each bond: 
[Currency] 
[Amount denomination] - each and ranking pari 
passu among themselves 
 
 
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 13.1. 
 
 
Publication: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.2. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue price] % 
 
 
Disbursement Date/Issue Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue date] 
 
 
Maturity Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
 
Interest Bearing from and Including: 
[Issue date 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Bearing To: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating rate: [NIBOR] [3 / 6 / 12] months  
 
[description of Reference Rate] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: [Relevant Screen Page] 
 
Specified time: [specified time] 
 
Information about the past and future performance and volatility of the 
Reference Rate is available at [Relevant Screen Page / other: (specify)] 
 
Fallback provisions: [Provisions]

--- Page 46 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
9  
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
/ Fixed Rate: N/A] 
 
 
Margin: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating Rate: [Margin] % p.a. 
 
/ Fixed Interest: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
[Bond issue with floating rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Reference Rate + Margin] % p.a. 
 
Current Interest Rate: [current interest rate] 
 
/ Bond Issue with fixed rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Interest rate] % p.a. 
 
 
 
Day Count Convention: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
/ Fixed Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction – Secondary 
Market: 
[Floating Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.1.a 
/ Fixed Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.2.a  
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
Interest Rate Determination Date: [Interest Rate Determination Date(s)] 
each year.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate Adjustment Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A] 
 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.5.1 (FRN) / section 13.5.2 (fixed rate) 
 
Interest Payment Date: [Date(s)] each year.  
 
The first Interest Payment Date is [Date].  
 
 
#Days first term: 
[Number of interest days] days 
 
 
Yield: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Yield is [yield]  
 
 
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Amortisation and Redemption: 
 
Redemption: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and as specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.3, 13.5.1.b and 13.5.2.b. 
 
The Maturity Date is [maturity date] 
 
 
Call Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.

--- Page 47 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
10  
[terms of the call option] 
 
Call Date(s): [call date(s)] 
 
Call Price(s): [call price(s)] 
 
Call Notice Period: [call notice period] 
 
Put Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the put option] 
 
Early redemption option due to a tax 
event: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the early redemption option] 
 
 
 
Obligations: 
 
Issuer’s special obligations during the 
term of the Bond Issue: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.6. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Listing: 
 
Listing of the Bond Issue/Marketplace: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Exchange for listing of the Bonds: [Exchange] 
 
/ The Bonds will not be applied for listing on any Exchange. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the securities: 
 
As specified in the Base prospectus section 13.4.10. 
 
Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities: [specify] 
 
 
Purpose/Use of proceeds: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.1. 
 
Estimated total expenses related to the offer: [specify] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: [specify] 
 
Use of proceeds: [specify] 
 
[Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Prospectus and Listing fees: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Listing fees: [specify] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Market-making: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[A market-making agreement has been entered into between the Issuer 
and [name of market maker]] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Approvals: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.9. 
 
Date of the Board of Directors’ approval: [date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the

--- Page 48 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
11  
Base Prospectus section 13.4.7.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with 
the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms and any other 
Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or 
formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, 
the Issuer or any other party. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Status and security: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.5.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bondholders’ meeting/ 
Voting rights: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Availability of the Documentation: 
https://www.leroyseafood.com    
 
 
Joint Lead Managers: 
[name of Joint Lead Managers] 
 
[LEI for Joint Lead Managers] 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
Paying Agent: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Paying Agent is [name of the Paying Agent] 
 
 
Securities Depository / CSD: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
 
Listing fees: 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including template for Final 
Terms is NOK 91,000. 
 
[Listing and other fees at the Exchange: (specify)  
 
/ No listing: N/A]

--- Page 49 ---
Lerøy Seafood Group ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
12  
3 Additional information 
Advisor 
The Issuer has mandated [name of Joint Lead Managers] as Joint Lead Managers for the issuance of the Loan. 
The Joint Lead Managers have acted as advisor[s] to the Issuer in relation to the pricing of the Loan. 
 
The Joint Lead Managers will be able to hold position in the Loan.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Interests and conflicts of interest 
[The involved persons in the Issuer or offer of the Bonds have no interest, nor conflicting interests that are 
material to the Bond Issue. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Rating 
[There is no official rating of the Loan. 
 
 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
Listing of the Loan: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
 
The Prospectus will be published in [country]. An application for listing at [Exchange] will be sent as soon as 
possible after the Issue Date. Each bond is negotiable. 
 
Statement from the Joint Lead Managers: 
[name of Joint Lead managers] have assisted the Issuer in preparing the prospectus. The Joint Lead Managers 
have not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, 
express or implied, is made, and the Joint Lead Managers expressively disclaim[s] any legal or financial liability 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with bonds issued by the Issuer or their distribution. The statements made in this 
paragraph are without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer. Each person receiving this prospectus 
acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Joint Lead Managers nor on any person affiliated with them 
in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision. 
 
[place], [date] 
 
 
[name of Joint Lead Managers] 
[web address of Joint Lead Managers]