--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS  
 
 
 
 
LEVERAGE SHARES PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY 
(a public company incorporated with limited liability in Ireland) 
 
 
 
 
 
COLLATERALISED EXCHANGE TRADED SECURITIES PROGRAMME 
Under the Collateralised Exchange Traded Securities Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the 
“Programme”), Leverage Shares Public Limited Company (the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue collateralised exchange traded 
securities (the “ETP Securities”) which provide exposure to a range of asset classes including equity 
securities, debt securities, fixed income securities, mutual funds, units in exchange traded funds, and futures 
contracts by either seeking to track an index (“Index”) or by pursuing a stated investment strategy 
(“Investment Strategy”), on the terms set out herein, as completed by the final terms in respect of the 
relevant ETP Securities (the “Final Terms”). The aggregate number of ETP Securities issued under the 
Programme will not at any time exceed 5,000,000,000,000. Investors should note that the Issuer anticipates 
that the Base Prospectus and other Programme Documents (as defined herein) may be amended from time 
to time to permit the Issuer to issue series of ETP Securities backed by asset classes other than as described 
herein.  
The ETP Securities may offer long or short exposure to the performance of the assets underlying such Indices 
or Investment Strategies. 
ETP Securities will be issued in Series (as defined in the section entitled “Description of the Programme”) 
and each Series will be secured in favour of the Trustee (as described in the section entitled “Security 
Arrangements”). Claims against the Issuer by holders of the ETP Securities of a particular Series or of any 
other party to a Programme Document (save as otherwise disclosed in the risk factor entitled “Limited 
recourse obligations, non-petition and related risks” on page 42) in respect of that Series, will be limited to 
the Secured Property applicable to that Series.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”) as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval by the Central Bank should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the ETP Securities that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. In addition, such approval relates only to the ETP Securities which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU and/or which are to be offered to the 
public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in the ETP Securities.  
 
A base prospectus relating to the Programme has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority (the 
“FCA”) on 15 March 2024 (the “FCA Base Prospectus”). However, this Base Prospectus has not been 
submitted to the FCA for its approval.  Therefore as at the date of this Base Prospectus, this Base Prospectus 
has not been approved by the FCA and UK investors should refer instead to the FCA Base Prospectus for 
relevant considerations relating to their jurisdiction. 
If the net proceeds of the enforcement of the security over the Secured Property for a Series are not 
sufficient to make all payments then due in respect of the ETP Securities of that Series and, if 
applicable, the claims of any other Programme Parties (as defined herein and save as otherwise 
disclosed in the risk factor entitled “Limited recourse obligations, non-petition and related risks” on 
page 42), the obligations of the Issuer will be limited to such net proceeds and the other assets of the 
Issuer will not be available to meet any shortfall. The Issuer will not be obliged to make any further

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
payment in excess of such net proceeds and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect of such 
shortfall. Furthermore, the ETP Securityholders, or any person on their behalf, will not be able to take 
any action against the Issuer (including instituting, or joining with any other person in bringing, 
instituting or joining, insolvency or examinership proceedings (whether court based or otherwise) in 
relation to the Issuer) to recover any such shortfall. 
The ETP Securities will be obligations solely of the Issuer and will not be guaranteed by, or be the 
responsibility of, any other entity. 
The Issuer has requested the Central Bank to notify the approval of the Base Prospectus in accordance with 
Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation to the Commissione Nazionale per la Societá e la Borsa of Italy, the 
Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht of Germany, Autorité des Marchés Financiers of France, the 
Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores of Spain, the Autoriteit Financiële Markten (Authority for the 
Financial Markets) of the Netherlands, the Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego of Poland and the Belgian 
Financial Services and Markets Authority by providing them with, inter alia, certificates of approval attesting 
that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer may 
request the Central Bank to provide competent authorities in other EEA Member States with such certificates 
whether for the purposes of making a public offer in such Member States or for admission to trading of all or 
any Series of ETP Securities on a regulated market therein or both. 
Application may be made to the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) (the "Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange") for ETP Securities issued under this Programme to be admitted to listing and trading on 
Deutsche Börse Xetra.  
Application may be made to the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana) (the "Italian Stock Exchange") for 
ETP Securities issued under this Programme to be admitted to the official list of the Italian Stock Exchange 
and to be admitted to listing and trading on the Italian Stock Exchange and/or SeDeX, the multilateral trading 
facility of the Italian Stock Exchange (“SeDeX”) . 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for ETP Securities issued under this Programme to be admitted 
to listing and trading on Euronext Paris, the regulated market operated by Euronext Paris.   
Application may be made to Euronext Amsterdam for ETP Securities issued under this Programme to be 
admitted to listing and trading on Euronext Amsterdam, the regulated market operated by Euronext 
Amsterdam.  
Application may be made to Börse Stuttgart for ETP Securities issued under this Programme to be admitted 
to listing and trading on the regulated market operated by Börse Stuttgart. 
 
Application may be made to the Madrid Stock Exchange (Bolsa De Madrid) for ETP Securities issued under 
this Programme to be admitted to listing and trading on the regulated market operated by the Madrid Stock 
Exchange. 
 
Application may be made to the FCA for the ETP Securities listed under this Programme to be admitted ot 
the Official List of the FCA. Application may be made to the London Stock Exchange plc (the “London Stock 
Exchange”) for the ETP Securities issued under this Programme to be admitted to trading on the Main Market 
of the London Stock Exchange. Admission to the UK Official List and to trading on the London Stock 
Exchange is not admission to trading under the Prospectus Regulation, but is admission to trading for the 
purposes of the United Kingdom’s version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, which is part of UK law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). 
References in this Base Prospectus to ETP Securities being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean 
that such ETP Securities have been admitted to trading on some or all of: 
• 
the Frankfurt Stock Exchange; the Italian Stock Exchange, including SeDeX; Euronext Paris;  
Euronext Amsterdam; Börse Stuttgart; the Madrid Stock Exchange; and/or an alternative market, 
which are each regulated markets or multilateral trading facilities for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as 
amended, “MiFID II”).” 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any ETP Securities will specify which exchange(s) or

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
trading facilities the ETP Securities will be admitted to trading on. 
The ETP Securities may also be listed on additional stock exchanges and admitted to trading on additional 
markets as specified in the Final Terms. 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any ETP Securities will specify which exchange(s) or 
trading facilities the ETP Securities will be admitted to trading on. 
ETP Securities are complex, structured products involving a significant degree of risk. In particular, an 
investment in ETP Securities giving short and/or leveraged exposure to the performance of the assets 
underlying the applicable Index or Investment Strategy is only appropriate for investors that understand the 
increased risk caused by such features. Prospective purchasers of ETP Securities should obtain their own 
independent accounting, tax and legal advice and should consult their own professional investment advisors 
in order to determine the merits and risks of an investment in the ETP Securities and the suitability to them 
of an investment to them in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition. The ETP Securities 
involve a high degree of risk and potential investors should be prepared to sustain a loss of all or part of their 
investment. See “Risk Factors” on pages 28 to 53. 
This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the ETP Securities. This Base 
Prospectus is not intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered 
as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee, the Portfolio Administrator, the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, the Margin Loan Provider or any other Programme Party that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus should purchase the ETP Securities. 
 
Arranger 
Leverage Shares Management Company Limited 
Initial Authorised Participant 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. 
Second Authorised Participant 
GWM Limited 
Third Authorised Participant 
Virtu Finacial Ireland Limited 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 15 March 2024

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for all information contained in this document. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this document is in accordance with the facts 
and makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
This Base Prospectus is valid from one year from the date hereof. The Issuer shall have no obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
inaccuracy when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed 
to them under the applicable law. 
The information in the section of this Base Prospectus headed "The “Indices” consists only of 
extracts from, or summaries of, publicly available information. Such publicly available information 
was not prepared in connection with the offering of the ETP Securities. The Issuer accepts 
responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information. As far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information published by the relevant Index Sponsor, no facts have been 
omitted which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The information in the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Description of the Reference Assets" 
consists only of extracts from, or summaries of, publicly available information. Such publicly 
available information was not prepared in connection with the offering of the ETP Securities. The 
Issuer accepts responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information. As far as the Issuer 
is aware and is able to ascertain from information published in relation to the Relevant Assets, no 
facts have been omitted which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The information in the section of this Base Prospectus headed “The Arranger” consists only of 
information provided to the Issuer by Leverage Shares Management Company Limited. The Issuer 
accepts responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information. As far as the Issuer is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by Leverage Shares Management Company 
Limited, no facts have been omitted which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
The information in the sub-section of this Base Prospectus headed “The Portfolio Administrator” 
consists only of information provided to the Issuer by the Portfolio Administrators listed therein. The 
Issuer accepts responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information. As far as the Issuer 
is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by the Portfolio Administrators, no facts 
have been omitted which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The information in the section of this Base Prospectus headed “The Margin Loan Providers” consists 
only of information provided to the Issuer by Interactive Brokers LLC and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information. As far as the 
Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by Interactive Brokers LLC, and 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC no facts have been omitted which would render such reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
The information in the section of this Base Prospectus headed “The Determination Agent” consists 
only of information provided to the Issuer by Calculation Agent Services LLC. The Issuer accepts 
responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information. As far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information published by Calculation Agent Services LLC, no facts have been 
omitted which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The information in the section of this Base Prospectus headed “The Authorised Participants” 
consists only of information provided to the Issuer by the Initial Authorised Participant, the Second 
Authorised Participant and the Third Authorised Participant.  The Issuer accepts responsibility for 
the accurate reproduction of such information. As far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by the Initial Authorised Participant the Second Authorised Participant 
and the Third Authorised Participant, no facts have been omitted which would render such 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
New information with respect to Authorised Participants unknown at the time of the approval of the 
Base Prospectus will be published on the Issuer's website. 
CONSENTS 
The Issuer has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus, and has accepted responsibility of the content 
of this Base Prospectus, with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by way of public offer of the 
ETP Securities in any of Ireland, Italy, Germany, France, Spain, the Netherlands, Poland and Belgium and 
by any Authorised Offeror (as described below).  
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits offers that are not made within an exemption 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation (“EU Non-
exempt Offers”) in Ireland, Italy, Germany, France, Spain, the Netherlands, Poland and Belgium (the “EU 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions”).  
Any person making or intending to make a. EU Non-exempt Offer of ETP Securities on the basis of this Base 
Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer's consent as described below. 
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any offer by any 
offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection 
with any offer of the ETP Securities in any jurisdiction. Any offer made without the consent of the Issuer is 
unauthorised and neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, the Arranger accepts any responsibility 
or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
The Issuer has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus, and has accepted responsibility for the content 
of this Base Prospectus, with respect to any EU Non-exempt Offers of the ETP Securities in any of the EU 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions and by any Authorised Offeror (as described below). 
If, in the context of an EU Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered ETP Securities by a person which is not 
an Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this 
Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If an Investor 
is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents, 
the Investor should take legal advice. 
The Authorised Offerors are: 
(A) 
the Initial Authorised Participant; 
(B) 
the Second Authorised Participant;  
(C) 
the Third Authorised Paticipant; and 
(D) 
each Authorised Participant which either: 
(i) 
is expressly named as an Authorised Offeror in the Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
is 
expressly 
named 
as 
an 
Authorised 
Participant 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website: 
www.leverageshares.com (in which case, its name and address will be published on the 
Issuer’s website).  
Any Authorised Offeror using this Base Prospectus must state on its own website that it uses this 
Base Prospectus in accordance with the consent and conditions attached in this Base Prospectus. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods occurring within 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus unless such consent is withdrawn prior to that date by notice published on the Issuer’s website. 
Arrangements between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror who will distribute the ETP Securities 
Neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, the Margin Loan Providers, the Paying Agents, the Transfer 
Agent, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Portfolio Administrator, the 
Determination Agent and the Broker Dealer of Record have any responsibility for any of the actions of any

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules 
or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any ETP Securities from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and 
offers and sales of the ETP Securities to such Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance 
with any terms and other arrangements in place between that Authorised Offeror and such Investor including 
as to price, allocations and settlement arrangements (the "Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer"). 
The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with such Investor and, accordingly, this Base 
Prospectus does not contain such information. The Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer shall 
be provided to such Investor by that Authorised Offeror at the time the offer is made. None of the 
Issuer or, for the avoidance of doubt, the Margin Loan Providers or other Authorised Offerors has any 
responsibility or liability for such information. 
The Authorised Participants, the Margin Loan Providers, the Paying Agents, the Transfer Agent, the Trustee, 
the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Portfolio Administrator, the Determination Agent and the 
Broker Dealer of Record have not separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Authorised Participants, the Margin Loan Providers, the Paying Agents, the Transfer Agent, 
the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Portfolio Administrator, the Determination Agent 
or the Broker Dealer of Record as to the accuracy or completeness of the financial information contained 
herein, or any other financial statements or any further information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any of the ETP Securities or their distribution. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or further information supplied 
pursuant to the terms of the Programme or any of the ETP Securities and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by any of the Issuer, any Authorised 
Participant, the Margin Loan Providers, the Paying Agents, the Transfer Agent, the Trustee, the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Portfolio Administrator, the Determination Agent or the Broker Dealer of 
Record. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any further information supplied pursuant to the terms of the Programme 
or the ETP Securities are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be 
considered as a recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by or on behalf of any of the Issuer or 
any Authorised Participant, the Margin Loan Providers, the Paying Agents, the Transfer Agent, the Trustee, 
the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Portfolio Administrator, the Determination Agent or the 
Broker Dealer of Record that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any further information supplied 
pursuant to the terms of the Programme or any of the ETP Securities should subscribe for or purchase any 
of the ETP Securities. Each investor contemplating purchasing any of the ETP Securities should make its 
own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  
The delivery of the Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein 
concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other financial 
statements or any further information supplied pursuant to the terms of the Programme or any of the ETP 
Securities is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Each of the Authorised Participants, the Margin Loan Providers, the Paying Agents, the Transfer Agent, the 
Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Portfolio Administrator, the Determination Agent or 
the Broker Dealer of Record expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer or the validity, effectiveness or adequacy of any security provided by the Issuer during the term of the 
Programme. 
The Issuer is not and will not be regulated by the FCA as a result of issuing the ETP Securities. 
The Issuer is not and will not be regulated by the Central Bank as a result of issuing the ETP Securities.  Any 
investment in the ETP Securities does not have the status of a bank deposit and as such, will not be within 
the scope of any deposit scheme operated by the Central Bank and are not otherwise insured or guaranteed 
by any government, government agency or other body. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of ETP Securities and on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus, see the section headed “Subscription and Sale”. This Base Prospectus does not constitute 
an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of any Authorised Participant, any Margin Loan Provider, the

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Paying Agents, the Transfer Agent, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Portfolio 
Administrator, the Determination Agent or the Broker Dealer of Record to subscribe for, or purchase, any 
ETP Securities.  
ETP Securities may be offered to retail clients, professional clients and other eligible counterparties. This 
Base Prospectus identifies in general terms certain information that a prospective investor should consider 
prior to making an investment in the ETP Securities. However, a prospective investor should, without any 
reliance on the Issuer, the Margin Loan Providers or any Authorised Participant or any of their respective 
Affiliates, conduct its own thorough analysis (including its own accounting, legal and tax analysis) prior to 
deciding whether to invest in any ETP Securities issued under the Programme. Any evaluation of the 
suitability for an investor of an investment in ETP Securities issued under the Programme depends upon a 
prospective investor’s particular financial and other circumstances, as well as on specific terms of the relevant 
ETP Securities and, if it does not have experience in financial, business and investment matters sufficient to 
permit it to make such a determination, it should consult with its financial adviser prior to deciding whether or 
not to make an investment in the ETP Securities.  
The ETP Securities may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the ETP 
Securities must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances and should 
consult with its legal, business, tax advisers and such other advisers as it deems appropriate to determine 
the consequences of an investment in the ETP Securities and to arrive at its own evaluations of the 
investment. 
 
In particular, each potential investor should: 
 
(a) be financially sophisticated in that it either (i) has the requisite knowledge and experience in financial, 
business and investment matters and of investing in investments offering a similar economic exposure to the 
ETP Securities, and access to, and knowledge of, appropriate resources, to evaluate the information 
contained in this document and the relevant Final Terms and the merits and risks of an investment in the 
ETP Securities in the context of such investors’ financial position and circumstances; or (ii) if it does not have 
such knowledge, experience and access, have consulted with appropriate advisers who do have such 
knowledge, experience and access; 
 
(b) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the ETP Securities and the impact the ETP Securities will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
 
(c) understand thoroughly the terms of the ETP Securities and be familiar with the behaviour of the market of 
the Reference Assets and the Index or Investment Strategy relating to a particular Series of ETP Securities 
and any relevant indices, investment strategies and financial markets; and 
 
(d) have an asset base sufficiently substantial as to enable it to sustain any loss that they might suffer as a 
result of an investment in the ETP Securities and have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all 
of the risks of an investment in the ETP Securities including, without limitation, any currency exposure arising 
from the currency for payments being different to the prospective investor’s currency. 
 
If a prospective investor is in any doubt as to whether the ETP Securities are a suitable investment for it, it 
should consult with appropriate advisers prior to deciding whether or not to make an investment in the ETP 
Securities. 
 
This Base Prospectus is not, and does not purport to be, investment advice, and none of the Issuer, the 
Arranger, the Authorised Participants or the Margin Loan Providers make any recommendation as to the 
suitability of the ETP Securities as an investment. The provision of this Base Prospectus to prospective 
investors is not based on any prospective investor’s individual circumstances and should not be relied upon 
as an assessment of suitability for any prospective investor in the ETP Securities. Even if the Issuer, any of 
the Authorised Participants, the Margin Loan Providers or any of their respective Affiliates possess limited 
information as to the objectives of any prospective investor in relation to any transaction, series of 
transactions or trading strategy, this will not be deemed sufficient for any assessment of suitability for such 
person of the ETP Securities. Any trading or investment decisions a prospective investor takes are in reliance 
on its own analysis and judgment and/or that of its advisers and not in reliance on the Issuer, the Authorised 
Participants, the Margin Loan Providers or any of their respective Affiliates.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
In particular, each prospective investor in the ETP Securities must determine, based on its own independent 
review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of 
the ETP Securities (i) is fully consistent with its (or, if it is acquiring the ETP Securities in a fiduciary capacity, 
the beneficiary’s) financial needs, objectives and condition, (ii) complies and is fully consistent with all 
investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it (whether acquiring the ETP Securities as 
principal or in a fiduciary capacity) and (iii) is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it (or, if it is acquiring 
the ETP Securities in a fiduciary capacity, for the beneficiary), notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks 
inherent in investing in or holding the ETP Securities. 
Each prospective investor in ETP Securities should have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear 
all of the risks of an investment in the relevant ETP Securities, including, without limitation, where the currency 
for payments is different from the potential investor’s currency, the associated currency exposure. See 
"Exchange rate risks and exchange controls" below.  
Investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should therefore consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (i) the ETP Securities are legal investments for it, (ii) if relevant, the 
ETP Securities can be used as underlying securities for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or, if relevant, pledge, of any ETP Securities. Financial institutions should consult their 
legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of ETP Securities under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Benchmark Regulation  
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the ETP Securities may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmark Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, 
the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (“ESMA”). Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that 
the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend 
to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
MIFID II Product Governance / Target Market  
The Final Terms in respect of any ETP Securities may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the ETP Securities and which 
channels for distribution of the ETP Securities are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the ETP Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the ETP Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
A determination may be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (“MiFID II Product Governance”), any dealer 
subscribing for any ETP Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such ETP Securities, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
MIFID II Product Governance. Neither any Authorised Participant nor any of their affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of MiFID II Product Governance. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS  
If the Final Terms in respect of any ETP Securities includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors”, the ETP Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
(“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC (as 
amended, the “Insurance Mediation Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the ETP Securities or otherwise making them available to retail

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the ETP Securities or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
All references in this document to “£”, “pounds”, “Pounds Sterling” and “Sterling” are to the lawful currency of 
the United Kingdom, all references to “$”, “US$”, “USD” and “US dollars” are to the lawful currency of the 
United States of America, references to “CHF” and “Swiss Francs” are references to the lawful currency of 
Switzerland, references to “HK$”, “HKD” and “Hong Kong dollars” are references to the lawful currency of the 
Hong Kong SAR, references to “JPY”, “JP Yen”, “¥”, “JP¥” and “Japanese Yen” are references to the lawful 
currency of Japan and references to “€”, “euro” and “EUR”, are to the currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European 
Community as amended by the Treaty on European Union.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer’s website and other websites referred to in this document and the 
contents thereof do not form part of this Base Prospectus unless explicitly specified.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
This table sets out the contents of this Base Prospectus together with an outline description of the 
contents of each section. 
 
Section of Base Prospectus 
 
Pages  
What is covered by this section 
Description of the Programme  
13 
This section provides details in 
relation to the Programme. 
 
 
This section sets out the principal 
risks inherent in investing in ETP 
Securities, including key risks 
relating to investments linked to 
an 
index 
and 
investments 
investment linked to investment 
strategies. 
 
Risk Factors 
28 
This section sets out the principal 
risks inherent in investing in ETP 
Securities, including key risks 
relating to investments linked to 
an 
index 
and 
investments 
investment linked to investment 
strategies. 
 
Economic Overview of the ETP 
Securities 
54 
This section sets out how the 
returns 
are 
generated 
from 
different types of ETP Securities. 
 
Description of the Reference 
Assets 
 
72 
This section sets out information 
regarding the Reference Assets  
Supplements 
119 
This section sets out details in 
relation to Supplements to the 
Base Prospectus. 
 
Purpose of Final Terms 
120 
This section provides details on 
the purpose of the Final Terms. 
 
Terms and Conditions of the ETP 
Securities 
 
121 
This section sets out the detailed 
contractual terms of the ETP 
Securities. Where the Terms and 
Conditions of the ETP Securities 
indicate that an option may be 
specified in the Final Terms, the 
Final Terms will indicate which of 
these options shall apply. 
 
Form of Final Terms 
164 
This section sets out a template 
for the Final Terms to be used for 
each specific issuance of ETP 
Securities. 
 
Settlement and Clearing of ETP 
Securities 
195 
This section sets information 
regarding how the ETP Securities 
are cleared and settled.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Summary of Provisions Relating 
to the ETP Securities while in 
Global Form 
196 
This section sets out information 
in relation to Bearer Securities 
and Registered Securities while 
in Global Form. 
 
Summary of the Programme 
Documents 
199 
This section provides a summary 
of the provisions of the principal 
agreements entered into by the 
Issuer 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
Programme. 
 
Use of Proceeds 
205 
This section describes what the 
Issuer 
does 
with 
the 
issue 
proceeds of the ETP Securities. 
 
Description of the Indices  
206 
This section sets out information 
regarding the Indices. 
 
Description of the Investment 
Strategies 
217 
This section sets out information 
regarding 
the 
investment 
strategies. 
 
Security Arrangements 
249 
This 
section 
provides 
a 
description 
of 
the 
security 
arrangements relating to the 
Programme. 
 
The Issuer  
251 
This section provides details 
about the Issuer. 
 
The Arranger 
253 
This section provides details 
about the Arranger. 
 
The Portfolio Administrator 
254 
This section provides details 
about the Portfolio Administrator. 
 
The Margin Loan Providers 
256 
This section provides details 
about the Margin Loan Providers. 
 
The Determination Agent 
258 
This section provides details 
about the Determination Agent. 
 
The Initial Authorised Participant 
259 
This section provides details 
about 
the 
Initial 
Authorised 
Participant. 
 
The 
Second 
Authorised 
Participant 
261 
This section provides details 
about the Second Authorised 
Participant. 
 
The Third Authorised Participant  
262 
 
This section provides details 
about 
the 
Third 
Authorised 
Participant. 
 
The Broker Dealer of Record 
263 
This section provides details 
about the Broker Dealer of 
Record. 
 
Tax Considerations 
264 
This section sets out certain tax 
considerations relating to the ETP 
Securities.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Subscription and Sale 
266 
This section sets out certain 
restrictions 
as 
to 
who 
can 
purchase 
ETP 
Securities 
in 
certain jurisdictions. 
 
Documents 
Incorporated 
by 
Reference 
272 
This 
section 
sets 
out 
the 
documents 
incorporated 
by 
reference 
into 
this 
Base 
Prospectus. 
 
General Information 
274 
This section provides additional 
information 
relating 
to 
ETP 
Securities. 
 
Key Information for Investors 
276 
This section highlights important 
information in relation to the 
Programme 
in 
question 
and 
answer format.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description of the Programme and the ETP Securities does not purport to be complete and is 
subject to and qualified by the detailed information contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and in the 
Final Terms in respect of each Series of ETP Securities. Words and expressions not defined in this 
description shall have the meanings given to them elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Description of the Programme 
Collateralised Exchange Traded Securities Programme pursuant to which the Issuer may issue 
collateralised exchange traded securities (“ETP Securities“) which are either linked to an index (an 
“Index”) or pursue an investment strategy (the “Investment Strategy”). Series of ETP Securities can offer 
leveraged long exposure (“Leveraged Exposures”), short inversed leveraged exposures (“Short 
Exposures”) and +1x exposure (“Normal Exposures”) to the Reference Assets (as defined below). For 
Series of ETP Securities providing Leveraged Exposures and Short Exposures, the degree of leverage or 
inversed leverage will be either (i) embedded in the Index or the Investment Strategy; or (ii) a leverage or 
inversed leverage factor will be embedded directly in the ETP Securities (the “Leverage Factor”).  
A diagrammatic representation of the principal aspects of the structure as currently in place appears below: 
 
 
 
 
ETP Securities may 
be purchased or 
sold on any stock 
exchange on which 
they have been 
admitted to trading 
Security created 
over the rights of 
the Issuer under 
the Programme 
Documents for 
the benefit of 
investors and the 
other Secured 
Creditors 
Return on ETP i
ETP Securities 
Market-
making of ETP 
Securities 
Creation and 
Redemption 
Payments 
Buy/Sell the 
Reference Assets 
to (i) track the 
Index or (ii) pursue 
the Investment 
Strategy 
ETP Security 
issue proceeds 
Pro-rata Liquidation 
(to fund ETP Security i
First lien 
security over the 
Collateral Assets 
in the Margin 
Account 
ETP Security 
issue proceeds
(including 
funding from 
the Margin 
Account 
Provider for 
Leveraged 
Normal/ 
Leveraged 
Exposures to 
Physical 
Securities 
Short 
Exposures to 
Physical 
Securities 
Normal/Lever
aged/Short 
Exposures to 
Physical 
Securities 
Trust 
Deed 
Services 
Agreement 
Authorized 
Participant 
Agreement 
Portfolio 
Administration 
Agreement 
Agreements 
Cashflows 
Margin 
Account 
Payment of 
Arranger Fee 
INVESTORS 
AUTHORIZED 
PARTICIPANTS 
PORTFOLIO 
ADMINISTRATOR 
ISSUER (Ireland) 
TRUSTEE 
ARRANGER 
MARGIN 
ACCOUNT 
PROVIDER 
MARGIN 
ACCOUNT 
(Reference 
Assets, Ancillary 
Assets and Cash) 
Open 
Market 
Securities 
Short  
Selling 
Transactions 
Buyer/Seller 
of Futures 
Contracts 
STOCK 
EXCHANGE(S)

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Parties to the Programme 
 
Issuer 
Leverage Shares Public Limited Company, a public 
limited company 
incorporated in Ireland with 
registered number 597399. 
Arranger 
Leverage Shares Management Company Limited, a 
private company limited by shares incorporated in 
Ireland with registered number 596207. 
Margin Loan Provider 
For each Series of ETP Securities, Interactive Brokers 
LLC and/or Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. The Portfolio 
Administrator has the discretion to decide which 
Margin Loan Provider(s) shall apply with respect to a 
Series of ETP Securities.  
Portfolio Administrator 
GWM Limited. 
Trustee 
Apex Corporate Trustees (UK) Limited. 
Issuing and Paying Agent 
Elavon Financial Services DAC. 
Paying Agents 
The Issuer may appoint additional paying agents in 
relation to a Series of ETP Securities if required by the 
rules of any stock exchange on which ETP Securities 
are listed or admitted to trading. 
Irish Listing Agent 
Matheson. 
Registrar 
Elavon Financial Services DAC. 
Determination Agent 
Calculation Agent Services LLC. 
Authorised Participant(s) 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C., GWM Limited and any 
Eligible Authorised Participant that has entered into 
an Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer 
and has acceded to the LS Operating Procedures 
Agreement. 
 
Only an Authorised Participant may subscribe for or 
require the Issuer to repurchase the ETP Securities 
(except in limited circumstances).  
 
The ETP Securities are to be traded on one or more 
stock exchanges (see below “Listing and admission to 
trading”). The ETP Securities may be bought and sold 
on such exchanges without the involvement of an 
Authorised Participant. 
 
“Eligible Authorised Participant” means any entity 
that meets the requirements of the LS Operating 
Procedures Agreement.  
Broker Dealer of Record 
GWM Limited.  
Description of the Programme 
If so specified in the Final Terms in respect of any 
Tranche of ETP Securities, the Issuer consents to the 
use of the Base Prospectus by any Authorised 
Participant (an “Authorised Offeror “) in connection 
with any offer of ETP Securities that is not within an 
exemption from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (a “EU 
Non-exempt Offer “) during the offer period specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (the “Offer Period “), in

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
the relevant Member State(s), and subject to the 
applicable conditions, in each case specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods 
occurring within 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Programme 
On 5 December 2017 the Issuer established a 
programme (the “Programme“) for the issuance of 
collateralised 
exchange-traded 
securities 
(“ETP 
Securities“). 
The 
maximum 
number 
of 
ETP 
Securities that may be outstanding at any time under 
the Programme is 5,000,000,000,000. 
Issuance of Series of ETP Securities 
The Issuer may issue Series of ETP Securities under 
the Programme (each a “Series“). With the exception 
of the Issuer’s obligations under the LS Margin 
Account Agreement, each Series of ETP Securities 
constitutes limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, 
secured on and payable solely from the assets 
constituting the Security in respect of such Series. 
Each Series of ETP Securities may comprise one or 
more tranches (each, a “Tranche“).  
 
With the exception of the Issuer’s obligations under 
the LS Margin Account Agreement, if the net 
proceeds 
of 
the 
enforcement 
of 
the 
assets 
constituting the Security for a Series of ETP Securities 
are not sufficient to make all payments due in respect 
of such Series of ETP Securities (after payment of all 
obligations of the Issuer ranking senior thereto), no 
other assets of the Issuer (including the Security in 
respect of any other Series of ETP Securities) will be 
available to meet such shortfall and the claims of the 
creditors of the Issuer in respect of such Series and 
such shortfalls shall be extinguished. 
Method of issuance 
 
 
ETP Securities will be issued in Series. Each Series 
may comprise a number of different Tranches issued 
on identical terms other than the Issue Date and Issue 
Price and with the ETP Securities of each Tranche of 
a Series being interchangeable with all other ETP 
Securities of that Series. 
In Specie Subscription 
In relation to any Subscription Order, in satisfaction of 
the relevant subscription amount, the Issuer may 
agree with the relevant Authorised Participant to 
accept the delivery to, or to the order of, the Issuer of 
Reference Assets which the Determination Agent 
determines have a value on the Subscription 
Settlement Date, after taking account of any costs of 
transfer or delivery which are to be discharged by the 
Issuer, which is equal to or greater than the 
subscription amount. 
Continual issuance and redemption 
It is intended that the ETP Securities of each Series 
shall be subject to a continual issuance and 
redemption mechanism, under which additional ETP 
Securities of such Series may be issued as further 
Tranches, and ETP Securities may be redeemed by 
ETP Securityholders who are Authorised Participants.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Issuer expenses 
 
Pursuant to a services agreement between the Issuer 
and the Arranger and certain of the Programme 
Documents, the Arranger has agreed to pay all fees, 
costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer in relation 
to the Programme and the ETP Securities (including 
remuneration and other amounts payable to the 
Trustee and the Agents) other than:  
(a) 
the Arranger Fee;  
(b) 
all 
other 
fees 
and 
expenses 
applicable to the Series of ETP 
Securities including the fees and 
expenses set out in the sections of 
this Base Prospectus entitled “The 
Indices” 
and 
“The 
Investment 
Strategies” 
(the 
“Funding 
and 
Brokerage Fees”); 
(c) 
any taxes, fees and other amounts 
payable 
to 
the 
Irish 
Revenue 
Commissioners; 
(d) 
amounts payable to the Margin Loan 
Provider and the Broker Dealer of 
Record; and 
(e) 
the costs and expenses incurred in 
connection with the liquidation of the 
Collateral Assets. 
Principal features of the ETP Securities 
 
Form of the ETP Securities 
The ETP Securities may be issued in bearer form 
(including in new global note form and in classic 
global note form) and serially numbered, in registered 
form (including in registered form issued under the 
new safekeeping structure) or in bearer form 
exchangeable for Registered Securities, in each case 
in the amount and currency of denomination specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Terms and Conditions of the ETP Securities 
Each Series of ETP Securities will have the terms and 
conditions set out in the section of this Base 
Prospectus headed “Terms and Conditions of the 
ETP Securities” as completed by the Final Terms in 
respect of each Tranche of that Series.  
Status of ETP Securities  
The ETP Securities of each Series are secured, 
limited recourse debt obligations of the Issuer, at all 
times ranking pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves.  
 
Notwithstanding the above, there can be no 
assurance that the courts or regulatory authorities in 
any jurisdiction would not recharacterise the ETP 
Securities as units in a collective investment scheme. 
Any recharacterisation of the ETP Securities as units 
in a collective investment scheme may have adverse 
consequences for an investor (including, without 
limitation, adverse tax consequences and / or a 
mandatory redemption of the ETP Securities).

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Prospective 
investors 
should 
consult 
their 
professional advisers on the implications, and in 
particular the tax and accounting implications, of 
investment in the ETP Securities. 
Issue Price 
The Issue Price in respect of each Tranche of ETP 
Securities will be set out in the Final Terms with 
respect to such Tranche. 
Principal Amount 
The Principal Amount in respect of each Tranche of 
ETP Securities will be set out in the Final Terms with 
respect to such Tranche. 
Principal Protection Amount 
An amount per ETP Security, in respect of each 
Tranche of ETP Securities, corresponding to 2.00 per 
cent of the Principal Amount for the ETP Security of 
such Tranche. 
Minimum Denomination 
The Denomination of each ETP Security is equal to 
its Principal Amount. 
Interest 
The ETP Securities will not bear interest at a 
prescribed rate. 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or purchased 
and cancelled by the Issuer, the ETP Securities of 
each Series will become due and payable on their 
Final Redemption Settlement Date at their Final 
Redemption Amount. 
Final Redemption Settlement Date 
The Final Redemption Settlement Date in respect of 
a Series of ETP Securities will be the day that falls 
three Currency Business Days after the Final 
Redemption Date.  
Final Redemption Date 
The Final Redemption Date in respect of each Series 
of Notes will be set out in the Final Terms with respect 
to such Series.   
Final Redemption Amount 
An amount equal to the greater of: 
 
(1) 
the Principal Protection Amount of the ETP 
Security; and 
(2) 
the Pro-rata Liquidation. 
Pro-rata Liquidation 
The Pro-rata Liquidation means an amount equal to 
the liquidation of the relevant Collateral Assets held in 
the Margin Account for a Series of ETP Securities, pro 
rata to the amount of ETP Securities being redeemed 
divided by the total number of ETP Securities for such 
Series, after the pro rata deduction of all costs and 
expenses incurred by the Issuer in connection with 
the liquidation of such Collateral Assets, the pro rata 
deduction of the Arranger Fee and the Funding and 
Brokerage Fees.  
Mandatory Redemption  
The ETP Securities of a Series may fall for mandatory 
redemption prior to their Final Redemption Date at the 
Mandatory Redemption Amount if a Mandatory 
Redemption Event occurs.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Mandatory Redemption Events 
The ETP Securities of a Series may fall for mandatory 
redemption if any of the following events occur: 
 
(1) 
the Issuer determines that it is not appropriate 
to make adjustments to the Conditions of the 
ETP Securities following the occurrence of an 
Adjustment 
Event 
(meaning 
an 
Index 
Cancellation, an Index Modification an Index 
Disruption; 
or 
an 
Investment 
Strategy 
Modification), thereby triggering a Disruption 
Redemption Event; 
 
(2) 
if on any Valuation Date falling on or after the 
60th calendar day following a Threshold 
Event Date, the ETP Security Value is less 
than 2.00 per cent. of the Principal Amount of 
such ETP Securities, 
 
(3) 
any of the Determination Agent, the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Portfolio 
Administrator and/or all of the Authorised 
Participants in relation to the ETP Securities 
resign their appointment or their appointment 
is terminated for any reason and no 
successor 
or 
replacement 
has 
been 
appointed at the time that such resignation or 
termination takes effect; 
 
(4) 
if the ETP Security Value in respect of the 
ETP Securities has not been published by or 
on behalf of the Issuer for 14 consecutive 
Non-Disrupted 
Valuation 
Dates 
(a 
"Publication Failure Event") and the Trustee 
is notified in writing of such Publication 
Failure Event and directed in writing by 
holders of at least a majority of the ETP 
Securities then outstanding to trigger a 
Mandatory Redemption Event; 
 
(5) 
(a) due to the adoption of or any change in 
any applicable law, regulation, rule, order, 
ruling or procedure or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory 
authority 
with 
competent 
jurisdiction 
of 
any 
applicable 
law 
or 
regulation, the Issuer gives notice that the 
ETP Securities of a Series are to be 
redeemed, because: 
(i) 
the Issuer would (or would expect to) 
incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under such 
ETP Securities and/or the LS Margin 
Account Agreement; or  
(ii) 
it would become illegal for the Issuer 
to (x) hold, acquire or dispose of all of 
the types of Collateral Asset, and/or 
(y) perform its obligations under the 
ETP Securities and/or the LS Margin 
Account Agreement;

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
(6) 
the LS Margin Account Agreement terminates 
prior to the redemption of all of the ETP 
Securities for any reason; or 
 
(7) 
the Issuer exercises its option to call all or 
some of the ETP Securities for early 
redemption. 
Mandatory Redemption Amount 
An amount per ETP Security calculated by the 
Determination Agent equal to the greater of:  
(A) 
the Principal Protection Amount of such ETP 
Security; and 
(B) 
the Pro-rata Liquidation. 
Optional Redemption by ETP Securityholders 
who are Authorised Participants 
An ETP Securityholder which is also an Authorised 
Participant may on any Valuation Date require the 
Issuer to redeem all or part of its holding of ETP 
Securities of a Series at the Optional Redemption 
Amount on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Settlement Date by submitting to the Issuer a valid 
Redemption Order. 
Optional Redemption by ETP Securityholders 
who are not Authorised Participants 
An ETP Securityholder which is not also an 
Authorised Participant may on any Valuation Date 
require the Issuer to redeem all or any part of its 
holding of such ETP Securities at the Optional 
Redemption Amount on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Settlement Date by submitting to the 
Issuer a valid Redemption Order only if the Issuer has 
notified the ETP Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 in respect of any Valuation Date that 
redemption requests from ETP Securityholders which 
are not Authorised Participants will be permitted and 
no later notice to the contrary has yet been delivered. 
Optional Redemption Amount 
 
An amount per ETP Security calculated by the 
Determination Agent equal to the greater of: (a) the 
Principal Protection Amount of such ETP Security; 
and (b) the Pro-rata Liquidation.  
In Specie Redemption 
The Issuer may in accordance with the relevant 
Authorised Participant Agreement and the LS 
Operating Procedures Agreement agree with any 
ETP Securityholder which is also an Authorised 
Participant to satisfy any requests for the Optional 
Redemption of any ETP Securities by the transfer to, 
or to the order of, such ETP Securityholder on the 
Optional Redemption Settlement Date of Collateral 
Assets with a value determined by the Determination 
Agent to be equal to the Optional Redemption 
Amount. 
ETP Security holder’s exposure to the 
performance of the applicable Index 
 
The return on Index-linked Series of ETP Securities 
will be linked to the performance of the applicable 
Index, as the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Mandatory Redemption Amount or the Optional 
Redemption Amount will be derived from the 
liquidation of the Collateral Assets, which will be 
selected in order to replicate (to the degree 
practicable) the return of the Index referenced by such

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Series in accordance with the Leverage Factor of 
such Series of ETP Securities.  
Index 
A Series of ETP Securities may be linked to an index 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (see the section 
of this Base Prospectus headed “Description of the 
Indices”).  
The Index may be a leveraged index. Leveraged 
indices provide a leveraged exposure to the 
Reference Assets with the effect that any negative or 
positive changes in the value of such Reference 
Assets will be multiplied by the applicable Leverage 
Factor.  
The Index may provide a long or short exposure to the 
Reference Assets. Where the Index provides a long 
exposure, any increase in the value of the Reference 
Assets will cause the Index level to increase.  
Where the Index provides a short exposure, any 
decrease in the value of the Reference Assets will 
cause the Index Level to increase.   
The Index will provide exposure to the relevant 
Reference Assets specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (see below and the sections of this Base 
Prospectus headed "The Reference Assets" for 
further information on the Reference Assets) 
Investment Strategy 
A Series of ETP Securities may be linked to an 
investment strategy specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (see the section of this Base Prospectus 
headed “Description of the Investment Strategies”). 
The Investment Strategy will describe the manner in 
which the proceeds of the issuance of the ETP 
Securities are to be invested along with any leverage 
to be employed in respect of such Investment 
Strategy. 
Where the Investment Strategy provides for a long 
exposure, any increase in the value of the Reference 
Assets will cause an increase in the ETP Security 
Value (excluding the effects of any applicable fees 
and adjustments). 
Where the Investment Strategy provides for a short 
exposure, any decrease in the value of the Reference 
Assets will cause an increase in the ETP Security 
Value (excluding the effects of any applicable fees 
and adjustments). 
Reference Assets 
 
 
 
 
The underlying asset(s) of the relevant Index or 
Investment Strategy in respect of a Series of ETP 
Securities, as specified in the Final Terms and/or 
Investment Strategy, as applicable (the “Reference 
Assets”).  
Series may be issued from time to time where the 
Reference Assets consist of the following categories 
of assets:

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
equity 
securities, 
including 
American 
Depositary Receipts (ADRs) and American 
Depositary Shares (ADSs) that represent 
equity securities;  
(b) 
debt securities; 
(c) 
fixed income securities; 
(d)         exchange traded funds;  
(e)         mutual funds; and 
(items (a) to (e), “Physical Assets”) 
(f) 
    futures contracts 
Equity Securities 
The Reference Assets may be comprised of the list of  
listed equity securities or listed ADRs or ADSs that 
represent equity securities as set out in the section 
entitled “Description of Reference Assets”. 
Debt Securities  
The Reference Assets may be comprised of the debt 
securities as set out in the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled “Description of the Reference 
Assets”. 
Fixed Income Securities 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no 
fixed income securities which may be designated as 
Reference Assets. However, the Issuer may prepare 
an updated Base Prospectus, or where permitted 
under 
the 
Prospectus 
Regulation, 
prepare 
a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus with details of 
fixed income securities that may be designated as 
Reference Assets. 
Exchange Traded Funds  
The Reference Assets may be comprised of the list of 
exchange traded fund as set out in the section of this 
Base 
Prospectus 
entitled 
“Description 
of 
the 
Reference Assets”. 
Mutual Funds 
The Reference Assets may be comprised of the list of 
mutual funds as set out in the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled “Description of the Reference 
Assets”. 
Futures Contracts  
The Reference Assets may be comprised of the 
futures contracts as set out in the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled “Description of the Reference 
Assets

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
Collateral Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The assets of the Issuer in respect of each Series of 
ETP Securities, being: 
in the case of Leveraged Exposures and Normal 
Exposures where the Reference Assets are Physical 
Assets:  
(a) 
the Reference Assets of the applicable Index 
or Investment Strategy for such Series of 
ETP Securities; 
(b) 
Ancillary Assets (as defined below); and 
(c) 
 any cash; 
in the case of Short Exposures where the Reference 
Assets are Physical Assets: 
(a) 
the mark to market value of the securities 
loans; 
(b) 
the Ancillary Assets; and  
(c) 
any cash; 
in the case of ETP Securities where the Reference 
Assets are futures contracts: 
(a) 
the mark to market value of the futures 
contracts; 
(b) 
the Ancillary Assets; and  
(c) 
any cash, 
in each case as held in the Margin Account, as 
described below (the “Collateral Assets”).  
Ancillary Assets 
 
 
 
Amounts standing to the credit of a Margin Account in 
respect of a Series of ETP Securities, to the extent not 
required for investment in the Reference Assets to 
replicate the performance of the Index or to pursue 
the Investment Strategy for that Series, may at the 
direction of the Portfolio Administrator be maintained 
as cash balances in the Margin Account or invested 
in sovereign debt in the currency of denomination of 
the ETP Securities with an original maturity of less 
than one month which is rated at least A-1 by 
Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, and/or P-1 by 
Moody's Investors Service Ltd. and/or F1 by Fitch 
Ratings Limited (“Ancillary Assets”).  
Leverage Factor 
Each Series of ETP Securities is assigned a Leverage 
Factor in the relevant Final Terms.  
Events of Default  
If: 
 
(1) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of any sum 
due in respect of a Series of ETP Securities 
or any of them for a period of 14 calendar 
days or more; 
 
(2) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with 
any one or more of its obligations (other than

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
a payment obligation) under the ETP 
Securities, the Trust Deed or any other 
Programme Document, which default is 
incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the 
Trustee capable of remedy, is not remedied 
within 30 calendar days (or such longer 
period as the Trustee may permit) after notice 
of such default shall have been given to the 
Issuer by the Trustee (and, for these 
purposes, a failure to perform or comply with 
an obligation shall be deemed to be 
remediable notwithstanding that the failure 
results from not doing an act or thing by a 
particular time); 
 
(3) 
any order shall be made by any competent 
court or any resolution passed for the 
winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer, save 
for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, 
consolidation, reorganisation or other similar 
arrangement on terms previously approved in 
writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary 
Resolution;  
 
(4) 
an examiner is appointed in respect of the 
Issuer; or  
 
(5) 
a Margin Loan Provider Event of Default or 
Margin Loan Provider insolvency occurs  
 
then the Trustee at its discretion may, or shall, if so 
directed in writing by the required proportion of the 
ETP Securityholders, provided that it has been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction, declare that the ETP Securities of such 
Series are immediately due and payable at their Final 
Redemption Amount. 
Limited recourse 
In respect of the ETP Securities of any Series, with 
the exception of the Margin Loan Provider with 
respect to the LS Margin Account Agreement, the 
Programme Parties and the ETP Securityholders 
shall have recourse only to the Secured Property in 
respect of such ETP Securities, subject always to the 
Security, and not to any other assets of the Issuer. If, 
following realisation in full of the Secured Property 
(whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) and 
application of available cash sums as provided in the 
Conditions and the Trust Deed, any outstanding claim 
against the Issuer in respect of the Secured 
Obligations remains unpaid, then such outstanding 
claim shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed 
by the Issuer in respect thereof. Following the 
extinguishment of any such claim, with the exception 
of the Margin Loan Provider with respect to the LS 
Margin Account Agreement, none of the Programme 
Parties, the ETP Securityholders of any relevant 
Series or any other person acting on behalf of any of 
them shall be entitled to take any further steps against 
the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, 
corporate service providers or directors to recover any 
further sum in respect of the extinguished claim and

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
no debt, liability or obligation shall be owed to any 
such persons by the Issuer in respect of such further 
sum. 
 
With the exception of the Margin Loan Provider with 
respect the LS Margin Account Agreement, none of 
the Programme Parties, the ETP Securityholders of 
any Series or any person acting on behalf of any of 
them may, at any time, bring, institute or join with any 
other person in bringing, instituting or joining 
insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, 
examinership or any other similar proceedings 
(whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the 
Issuer or any of its assets, and none of them shall 
have any claim arising with respect to the sums, 
assets and/or property attributable to any other 
securities issued by the Issuer (save for any further 
securities which form a single Series with the ETP 
Securities). 
Governing law of ETP Securities 
Each Series of ETP Securities, the Master Trust Deed 
and the Supplemental Trust Deed relating to a Series 
of ETP Securities will each be governed by Irish law. 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application may be made to the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange for ETP Securities issued under this 
Programme to be admitted to listing and trading on 
Deutsche Börse Xetra. 
Application may be made to the Italian Stock 
Exchange for ETP Securities issued under this 
Programme to be admitted to the official list of the 
Italian Stock Exchange and to be admitted to listing 
and trading on the Italian Stock Exchange and/or 
SeDeX, the multilateral trading facility of the Italian 
Stock Exchange. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for ETP 
Securities issued under this Programme to be 
admitted to listing and trading on Euronext Paris, the 
regulated market operated by Euronext Paris.   
Application may be made to Euronext Amsterdam for 
ETP Securities issued under this Programme to be 
admitted to listing and trading 
on 
Euronext 
Amsterdam, the regulated market operated by 
Euronext Amsterdam. 
Application may be made to Stuttgart Börse for ETP 
Securities issued under this Programme to be 
admitted to listing and trading on the regulated 
market operated by Börse Stuttgart.  
 
Application may be made to the Madrid Stock 
Exchange for ETP Securities issued under this 
Programme to be admitted to listing and trading on 
the regulated market operated by the Madrid Stock 
Exchange.  
 
Application may be made to the FCA for ETP 
Securities issued under this Programme to be 
admitted to the Official List of the FCA.  Application

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
may be made to the London Stock Exchange for ETP 
Securities issued under this Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Main Market of the London 
Stock Exchange. Admission to the UK Official List and 
to trading on the London Stock Exchange is not 
admission 
to 
trading 
under 
the 
Prospectus 
Regulation, but is admission to trading for the 
purposes of the  UK Prospectus Regulation.  
 
Selling and transfer restrictions 
There are restrictions in relation to the offering and 
sale of ETP Securities and the distribution of offering 
materials in certain jurisdictions. See the section of 
this Base Prospectus headed “Subscription and 
Sale”. 
Portfolio Administration Agreement  
Pursuant to the terms of the GWM Portfolio 
Administration Agreement, for each Series of ETP 
Securities to which the GWM Portfolio Administration 
Agreement is applicable:  
(a)  
in relation to the Leveraged Exposures 
where the Reference Assets are Physical 
Assets, the net proceeds of the issuance of 
such Series or Tranche of ETP Securities 
will be deposited with the Margin Loan 
Provider, and the Portfolio Administrator will 
procure that such net proceeds of issuance 
and the Leveraged Investment Amount (as 
defined below) shall be invested in the 
Reference 
Assets 
of 
the 
Index 
or 
Investment Strategy of such Series of ETP 
Securities, which shall be held by the 
Margin Loan Provider on behalf of the 
Issuer in the Margin Account; 
 (b)  
in relation to Normal Exposures where the 
Reference Assets are Physical Assets, the 
net proceeds of issuance will be invested in 
the Reference Assets of the Index or 
Investment Strategy of such Series which 
shall be held by the Margin Loan Provider 
on behalf of the Issuer in the Margin 
Account;  
(c)  
in relation to the Short Exposures where the 
Reference Assets are Physical Assets, the 
Portfolio Administrator, on behalf of the 
Issuer, will short sell Reference Assets 
which it will borrow from the Margin Loan 
Provider in order to replicate (to the degree 
practicable) the return of the Index 
referenced by such Series or to pursue the 
Investment Strategy of such Series taking 
into account the applicable Leverage 
Factor; and 
(d)  
in relation to ETP Securities where the 
Reference Assets are futures contracts, the 
net proceeds of issuance of such Series of 
ETP Securities will be held in Margin 
Account to fund margin payments to

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
maintain positions in the Reference Assets 
in order to replicate (to the degree 
practicable) the return of the Index 
referenced by such Series or to pursue the 
Investment Strategy of such Series taking 
into account the applicable Leverage 
Factor. 
The “Leveraged Investment Amount” will be the 
amount of margin that the Margin Loan Provider will 
extend by way of credit to the Issuer in the Relevant 
Currency equal to the product of (i) the difference 
between the Leverage Factor and one and (ii) the net 
proceeds of the issuance. 
 
Margin Account 
A securities account, cash account, margin account 
or collateral account established for a Series with the 
Margin Loan Provider for the purpose of holding the 
Collateral Assets, including where applicable the 
Reference Assets and all distributions received by or 
on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Reference 
Assets and all proceeds of the Reference Assets. 
 
Investment Objective 
 
The investment objective of each Series of ETP 
Securities is to provide ETP Securityholders with a 
return that will seek to either track the performance of 
an Index or pursue an Investment Strategy in 
accordance with the Leverage Factor, as applicable, 
of such Series of ETP Securities. 
 
The Issuer’s obligations in respect of a Series of ETP 
Securities will be funded by the investment of the net 
proceeds of the issuance of each Tranche of such 
Series of ETP Securities in the Reference Assets of 
the relevant Index or Investment Strategy of such 
Series. 
 
The only funds available to the Issuer to pay the 
amount due in respect of the redemption of any ETP 
Security will be proceeds of the liquidation of the pro 
rata portion of the Collateral Assets (after deduction 
of all costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer in 
connection with the liquidation of such Collateral 
Assets, the Arranger Fee and the Funding and 
Brokerage Fees). 
Security for the ETP Securities 
In respect of the ETP Securities of each Series, the 
Security shall be constituted by the Security 
Documents relating to such Series.  
 
Pursuant to the applicable Security Documents, the 
Issuer will create security in respect of a Series of ETP 
Securities in favour of the Trustee (for the benefit of 
the relevant Secured Creditors) over (subject to the 
Margin Loan Provider’s first ranking security interest 
as described below) (i) all of the Issuer’s rights, title, 
interest and benefit present and future in, to and 
under the Programme Documents to the extent that 
they relate to the ETP Securities; (ii) all sums held 
now or in the future by or on behalf of the Issuer 
(including, without limitation, by the Issuing and

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
Paying Agent and/or the Registrar to meet payments 
due in respect of the obligations and duties of the 
Issuer under the Security Documents and the ETP 
Securities, (iii) the Collateral Assets and any sums of 
money, securities, financial instruments or other 
property received or receivable now or in the future by 
or on behalf of the Issuer under the LS Margin 
Account Agreement and the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement and (iv) all of the Issuer’s rights as against 
the Margin Loan Provider in respect of any sum or 
property now or in the future standing to the credit of 
the relevant accounts of the Issuer with the Margin 
Loan Provider to the extent that they relate to the ETP 
Securities, in favour of the Trustee for its benefit and 
for the benefit of the Secured Creditors. 
 
The Security created in favour of the Trustee for the 
benefit of the Secured Creditors will be subordinated 
to a first ranking security interest created by the Issuer 
in favour of the Margin Loan Provider as security for 
the Issuer’s obligations under the LS Margin Account 
Agreement. 
Settlement and clearing 
A Series of ETP Securities may, subject to all 
applicable legal and regulatory requirements, be 
issued in Tranches or Series comprising either Bearer 
Securities, Registered Securities or definitive bearer 
securities. 
See the section of this Base Prospectus headed 
"Settlement and Clearing of ETP Securities".

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the ETP 
Securities issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies that may or may not occur. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with ETP Securities issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in ETP 
Securities issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay any amounts on or in connection 
with any ETP Securities may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements 
below regarding the risks of holding any ETP Securities are exhaustive. Before making an investment 
decision, prospective purchasers of ETP Securities should consider carefully, in the light of their own financial 
circumstances and investment objectives, all the detailed information set out elsewhere in this document and, 
in particular, the considerations set forth below in order to reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
Words and expressions not defined in this Risk Factors section shall have the meanings given to them 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
1. Risk factors relating to the ETP Securities 
1.1 
Market price of the ETP Securities 
The ETP Securities may have a long term and the Final Redemption Date could be up to 50 years from the 
original Issue Date of the Series. The only means through which an investor will be able to realise value from 
an ETP Security prior to its Final Redemption Settlement Date will be to sell it at its then market price in a 
secondary market transaction. 
General movements in local and international markets and factors that affect the investment climate and 
investor sentiment could all affect the level of trading and, therefore, the market price of the ETP Securities. 
Investors should note that general movements in markets and factors that affect the investor climate and 
investor sentiment may have different effects on each Series of ETP Securities. The ETP Security Value 
and/or market price of the ETP Securities may be volatile and may fall rapidly and an investor may not be 
able to sell its ETP Securities quickly and/or at a price such that the investor is able to prevent or minimise 
any loss of its investment. 
The market price of the ETP Securities of a Series will be affected by a number of factors, including, but not 
limited to: 
(i) 
with respect to Index-linked Series, the value and volatility of the Index referenced by such Series 
of ETP Securities and the assets underlying that Index; 
(ii) 
with respect to Series which pursue an Investment Strategy, the value of the Reference Assets 
referenced by such Investment Strategy; 
(iii) 
the degree of leverage applicable to such Series of ETP Securities; 
(iv) 
market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates; 
(v) 
whether or not any market disruption is subsisting; 
(vi) 
the nature and value of any Collateral Assets relating to such Series of ETP Securities; 
(vii) 
the creditworthiness of the Margin Loan Providers, Portfolio Administrator and the Authorised 
Participants; 
(viii) 
any fees or execution costs applicable to subscriptions for or redemptions of the ETP Securities; 
and 
(ix) 
the liquidity in the ETP Securities.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
Prospective investors should be aware that the ETP Security Value and the secondary market price of the 
ETP Securities can go down as well as up throughout the term of the ETP Securities. Certain indices and 
investment strategies may be more volatile than other indices and investment strategies, and the secondary 
market price of the ETP Securities linked to such index or investment strategy may demonstrate similar 
volatility. Prospective investors should be aware that the ETP Security Value and market price of any ETP 
Securities on any Valuation Date may not reflect their prior or future performance. There can be no assurance 
as to the future value and market price of any ETP Securities. 
AN INVESTMENT IN ETP SECURITIES INVOLVES A SIGNIFICANT DEGREE OF RISK AND AN 
INVESTOR MAY LOSE THE VALUE OF ITS ENTIRE INVESTMENT OR PART OF IT. 
1.2 
Market-making by Authorised Participants 
The price (if any) provided by an Authorised Participant for the purchase or sale of ETP Securities in the 
secondary market (whether in an on-exchange or off-exchange transaction), and the number of ETP 
Securities subject to any such offer, will be determined at the absolute discretion of that Authorised Participant 
by reference to such factors as it sees fit. 
An Authorised Participant may maintain such bid/offer spread as it determines in its absolute discretion. The 
bid/offer spread is the difference between the bid price (i.e. the price at which a holder can sell ETP Securities 
to the Authorised Participant) and the offer price (i.e. the price at which a holder can buy ETP Securities from 
the Authorised Participant). Any price provided by an Authorised Participant or other secondary market price 
may take into account fees (including any dealing order fees charged by the Issuer to such Authorised 
Participant), charges, duties, taxes, commissions, liquidity, market spreads and/or other factors.  
Investors should be aware that no Authorised Participant is obliged to make a market for any Series of ETP 
Securities (including any Series in respect of which it is appointed as an Authorised Participant) and in 
circumstances where an Authorised Participant acts as market maker with respect to any Series of ETP 
Securities, such Authorised Participant may discontinue making a market at any time. Where an Authorised 
Participant discontinues making a market and there is no other liquidity in the secondary market, investors 
would be not be able to realise their investment in the ETP Securities and may be required to hold their ETP 
Securities until the Final Redemption Date.  In addition, investors should be aware that in the event that there 
is no market maker with respect to a Series of ETP Securities and there is no other liquidity in the secondary 
market, the Issuer may, but is not obliged to, redeem all the ETP Securities of the relevant Series in 
accordance with the Issuer Call Redemption provisions set out at Condition 8.6. 
Prospective investors should note that: 
(i) 
not all market participants and Authorised Participants will determine the price of the ETP Securities 
of a Series in the same manner, and the variation between such valuations and prices quoted may 
be substantial; 
(ii) 
the number of ETP Securities of a Series subject to any offer made by an Authorised Participant or 
otherwise in the secondary market may be affected by market demand for the ETP Securities of that 
Series, the number of ETP Securities of that Series in issue, whether the relevant Margin Loan 
Provider has requisite capacity to enter into margin account agreements in respect of any new ETP 
Securities, whether subscriptions can be processed and prevailing market conditions; 
(iii) 
they may not be able to sell their ETP Securities quickly, easily or at prices that will provide them with 
a yield comparable to other similar investments; 
(iv) 
any price at which the ETP Securities of a Series may be sold prior to the Final Redemption Date 
may be at a discount, which could be substantial, to the price at which such ETP Securities were 
acquired by the relevant investor; and 
(v) 
illiquidity of the Reference Assets to which a Series of ETP Securities is exposed may have a severely 
adverse effect on the ETP Security Value. Furthermore, because a Series of ETP Securities may 
provide a leveraged or inversed leveraged exposure to a single Reference Asset or a limited number 
of Reference Assets, the impact of illiquidity of any such Reference Asset – particularly during an 
environment with significant price fluctuations – is intensified due to the concentrated nature of the 
exposure of the ETP Securities.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Prospective investors should be aware that ETP Securities requested for issue and subscribed for by an 
Authorised Participant may be held on an inventory basis by such Authorised Participant and offered for sale 
and/or sold over a period of time. Investors should not assume that ETP Securities will automatically be 
placed with investors by the relevant Authorised Participant(s) immediately upon issue. To the extent that the 
Authorised Participants hold ETP Securities at any time, they may exercise their rights under them in such 
manner as they see fit in their own interests and need not have regard to the interests of other holders of 
ETP Securities or any other person. In particular, an Authorised Participant that is a holder of ETP Securities 
may vote at any meeting of holders of such ETP Securities or approve any resolution of such holders as it 
sees fit (including with respect to any changes to the terms of the ETP Securities proposed by the Issuer). 
1.3 
Foreign exchange risk 
Prospective investors should be aware that if a Reference Asset of the relevant Index or Investment Strategy 
for a Series of ETP Securities is denominated in a currency other than the currency in which the ETP 
Securities are listed, they will be exposed to the risk that the exchange rate between those currencies moves 
against them. If the currency of denomination of the Reference Asset depreciates against the listing currency 
in which prospective investors buy the ETP Securities, such movement may impact negatively the return that 
they will derive from an investment in such Series of ETP Securities.  
1.4 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls  
The Issuer will satisfy its payment obligations in respect of the ETP Securities in the currency of determination 
of the ETP Securities. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor’s Currency") other than 
the specified currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the specified currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk 
that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the specified currency would decrease (a) the 
Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the payment payable on the ETP Securities and (b) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the ETP Securities.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less payment than 
expected and may receive no payment. 
1.5 
Issuer’s right to vary fees 
 
The fees that are taken into account in calculating the ETP Security Value in respect of a Series on any 
Valuation Date may be varied upon the Issuer giving notice to the ETP Securityholders. Potential investors 
should note that the Issuer is not required to consider the interests of the ETP Securityholders in making any 
such variation. Any increase in fees would negatively impact the return for ETP Securityholders. 
1.6 
Issuer’s right to make funding adjustments in the relevant Series of ETP Securities 
Series of ETP Securities offering Leveraged Exposures and Short Exposures take into account specific 
funding and borrowing adjustments, which may be varied by agreement between the Issuer and the relevant 
Margin Loan Provider. Potential investors should note that the Issuer and the Margin Loan Provider are not 
required to consider the interests of the ETP Securityholders in making any such variation. Any increase in 
such funding and borrowing costs would negatively impact the return for ETP Securityholders. 
1.7 
Optional redemption 
Only Authorised Participants may deal with the Issuer in subscribing for or requiring the Issuer to redeem 
outstanding ETP Securities, save in relation to Optional Redemptions at any time following notification by the 
Issuer that redemption requests from ETP Securityholders which are not Authorised Participants will be 
permitted. 
Prospective purchasers should note that the calculation of the Optional Redemption Amount payable by the 
Issuer to an ETP Securityholder in respect of an ETP Security will take into account any amounts owing to 
the Margin Loan Provider as well as costs and expenses in relation to the liquidation of the relevant Collateral 
Assets and the pro rata deduction of the Arranger Fee and any other applicable Funding and Brokerage 
Fees. As such, the amount due to an ETP Securityholder in respect of each ETP Security held by it on the

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
Optional Redemption Settlement Date may be less than the ETP Security Value in respect of such ETP 
Securities. 
The amount of any Optional Redemption is subject to the Maximum Daily Redemption Limit, being a 
maximum limit (if applicable) on the redemption number of ETP Securities of a Series on any Optional 
Redemption Pricing Date, as may be amended from time to time in accordance with the terms of the LS 
Operating Procedures Agreement. 
Prospective investors should be aware that it is possible that the Maximum Daily Redemption Limit could 
cause the ETP Securities to trade at a higher premium or result in a discount to the ETP Security Value.  An 
investor who buys ETP Securities in such circumstances may incur a significant loss should market demand 
change.  Significant loss could occur even where the ETP Security has increased in price during the investor’s 
holding period.  The Maximum Daily Redemption Limit could also lead to higher trading spreads for the ETP 
Securities in the secondary market, which could increase the execution costs for an investor purchasing the 
ETP Securities in the secondary market.   
In the event that an investor is not able to immediately redeem their ETP Securities due to a breach of the 
Maximum Daily Redemption Limit, such investor will be subject to market risk (i.e. that the value of the ETP 
Securities will decline prior to redemption and therefore reduce the redemption amount).  As a result, it is 
possible that the redemption amount could be reduced due to an adverse change in the price of the Reference 
Assets (which would consequently impact the value of the ETP Securities). 
In addition, prospective investors should be aware that if trading in the Reference Assets in respect of a 
Series of ETP Securities is suspended, any Optional Redemption would be delayed.  As a result, any 
redemption request relating to the relevant ETP Securities placed on the day upon which the relevant 
Reference Assets are suspended from trading would be delayed and such suspension from trading of the 
relevant Reference Assets could ultimately lead to a Disruption Event Redemption.  Investors would therefore 
be subject to market risk (i.e. that the value of the ETP Securities will decline prior to redemption and therefore 
reduce the redemption amount).  As a result, it is possible that the redemption amount could be reduced due 
to an adverse change in the price of the Reference Assets (which would consequently impact the value of 
the ETP Securities). 
1.8 
Issuer call option 
The Issuer may at any time, in its sole and absolute discretion, elect to redeem all or some only of the ETP 
Securities of a Series. In exercising such discretion, the Issuer will have no regard to the interests of the ETP 
Securityholders. In such circumstances it is possible that the ETP Securityholders may receive less, or 
substantially less, than their initial investment.  
1.9 
Mandatory Redemption Events and Events of Default  
The ETP Securities of a Series may become due and payable prior to their Final Redemption Date, as further 
described in Conditions 8.8 and 12, in connection with the occurrence of an Event of Default (including an 
event of default with respect to the Issuer or the Margin Loan Provider under the LS Margin Account 
Agreement) or a Mandatory Redemption Event. In such circumstances it is possible that the ETP 
Securityholders may receive less, or substantially less than their initial investment. 
1.10 
Disruption events/adjustment events/change in law impacting the ETP Securities 
Any Valuation Date of a Series of ETP Securities may become subject to disruption due to occurrence of 
certain events including, without limitation: 
(i) 
any applicable Exchange or Related Exchange failing to open for its regular trading session, or 
suspends or limits trading of any components of such Index or Investment Strategy, or an event 
occurs that impairs trading or valuation on the Exchange of, any components of such Index or 
Investment Strategy; 
(ii) 
the ETP Security Value falling by more than the applicable threshold; 
(iii) 
the Index Sponsor permanently cancelling the relevant Index; 
(iv) 
the Index Sponsor announcing that it will make a material change in the formula for, or the method 
of, calculating the relevant Index or in any other way materially modifying the Index;

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
(v) 
the Index Sponsor failing to calculate and announce the level of the Index;  
(vi) 
the Portfolio Administrator making operational adjustments to the Investment Strategy to ensure that, 
so far as possible, the basic principles and economic effect of the Investment Strategy are 
maintained; and 
(vi) 
a change in any applicable law or regulation that causes it to become illegal for the Issuer to perform 
its duties under the LS Margin Account Agreement.  
The consequences of such events may include disruptions or delays to pricing of ETP Securities, the 
postponement of subscriptions for, and redemptions of, ETP Securities, adjustments to the terms of the ETP 
Securities and the designation of a Successor Index or replacement Investment Strategy.  Ultimately, the 
occurrence of any such event may trigger the mandatory redemption of the affected Series of ETP Securities. 
In this eventuality, the amount which an ETP Securityholder may receive in respect of each ETP Security 
subject to such redemption may be lower than the ETP Security Value. 
2. Risk factors relating to Reference Assets  
2.1 
Risks related to futures contracts 
Series of ETP Securities may be issued where the Reference Assets are comprised of futures contracts. 
Futures contracts are derivative contracts whereby the parties agree to exchange payments on a future date 
based on changes to the value of an underlying asset.  Accordingly, the value of the ETP Securities of such 
Series will be subject to the risks which apply to investing in futures contracts generally and also to the 
relevant underlying asset.  
If the Issuer takes a long position in the relevant futures contract by acting as the buyer, the value of the 
Issuer’s position in the futures contract will increase if the price of the underlying asset increases. Conversely, 
the Issuer will be required to make payments to the seller of the futures contract to the extent that the price 
of the underlying asset decreases over the term of the futures contract. If the Issuer takes a short position in 
the relevant futures contract by acting as the seller, the value of the Issuer’s position in the futures contract 
will increase if the price of the underlying asset increases. Conversely, the Issuer will be required to make 
payments to the seller of the futures contract to the extent that the price of the underlying asset decreases 
over the term of the futures contract.    
By contrast with short positions which involve the potential of an unlimited loss, the potential loss of the Issuer 
in respect of any long position is limited to amount of the contract settlement price. See “Leveraged or 
Inversed Leveraged Series” below for more details. 
Futures contracts involve, to varying degrees, elements of market risk and exposure to loss in excess of the 
amounts of any margin which is required to be delivered. Additional risks associated with the use of futures 
contracts are imperfect correlation between movements in the price of the futures contracts and the level of 
the underlying reference asset and the possibility of an illiquid market for a futures contract. With futures 
contracts, there is minimal but some counterparty risk to the Issuer since futures contracts are exchange 
traded and the exchange’s clearinghouse, as counterparty to all exchange-traded futures contracts, 
effectively guarantees futures contracts against default. Many futures exchanges and boards of trade limit 
the amount of fluctuation permitted in futures contract prices during a single trading day. Once the daily limit 
has been reached in a particular contract, no trades may be made that day at a price beyond that limit or 
trading may be suspended for specified times during the trading day. Futures contracts prices could move to 
the limit for several consecutive trading days with little or no trading, thereby preventing prompt liquidation of 
futures positions and potentially subjecting the holders of ETP Securities linked to such futures contracts to 
substantial losses. If trading is not possible or if the Issuer determines not to close a futures position in 
anticipation of adverse price movements, the Issuer may be required to make daily cash payments of 
additional margin. 
Futures’ prices can be highly volatile. Because of the low margin deposits normally required in futures trading, 
an extremely high degree of leverage is typical of a futures trading account. As a result, a relatively small 
price movement in a futures contract may result in substantial losses to the investor. Like other leveraged 
investments, a futures transaction may result in losses in excess of the amount invested. 
2.2 
Risks related to equities and debt securities

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Investors in Series of ETP Securities where the Reference Assets are comprised of equities or debt securities 
should be familiar with investments in global capital markets and with equities and debt securities generally 
and should carefully consider, among other matters, the value and price volatility of equities or debt securities 
included in the Reference Assets and by reference to which amounts payable under the ETP Securities are 
calculated.   
ETP Securities will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and will not give rise to any obligations of any company 
whose securities are included in the Reference Assets. 
No issuer of any equities or debt securities included in the Reference Assets will have participated in the 
preparation of this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms or in establishing the terms of the ETP Securities and 
no Authorised Participant will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect 
to the information concerning any such issuer contained in this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms or in the 
documents from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all 
events occurring prior to the relevant issue date that would affect the trading price of the relevant equities or 
debt securities will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure 
of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an issuer could affect the trading price of the 
relevant equities or debt securities and therefore the trading price of the ETP Securities. 
The risks of an ETP Security linked to equities or debt securities may include, but are not limited to, the 
possibility of significant changes in the price(s) of the relevant equities or debt securities. The value of the 
relevant equities or debt securities may go down as well as up and the value of any relevant equities or debt 
securities on any date may not reflect their performance in any prior period. There can be no assurance as 
to the future value of any equity or debt security or of the continued existence of any equity, debt security or 
its related company. Accordingly, before making an investment decision with respect to ETP Securities, 
prospective investors should carefully consider whether an investment, the return on which will depend on 
the performance of equities or debt securities, is suitable for them. 
Where a Series provides exposure to the performance of equities or debt securities, such Series will be 
subject to general and specific market movements and changes in the market rates or prices such as interest 
rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates, commodities and equity or debt security prices.   
Prospective investors should also be aware that leveraged exposure to a single equity security or debt 
security has a high degree of idiosyncratic (i.e., company-specific) risk, relative to a more diversified 
investment. Examples of idiosyncratic risk include, but are not limited to: company management expertise, 
capital allocation, labour and/or supply chain disruptions, theft, lawsuits, the spread of infectious illness or 
other public health issues and natural disasters.   
In addition, where the Reference Assets consist of a single equity security, the potential impact of corporate 
actions is more significant than in a diversified investment.  Potential investors should note that ETP 
Securityholders will not participate directly in any rights issue or stock split in relation to the relevant 
Reference Asset. In addition, certain corporate actions, such as a merger or acquisition could result in the 
eventual liquidation of an ETP Security. In the event of a de-listing of an equity security, including an ARD, 
this would trigger a Mandatory Redemption Event in respect of the relevant Series of ETP Securities, with 
the ETP Securities of such Series becoming due and payable on the Mandatory Redemption Settlement Date 
at its Mandatory Redemption Amount.     
As a consequence of the risks set out in this risk factor 2.2, the ETP Securityholders may lose some or all of 
their investment in the ETP Securities.     
2.3 
Risks related to exchange traded funds  
Series of ETP Securities may be issued where the Reference Assets are comprised of exchange traded 
funds (“ETFs”). ETFs are pooled investments in assets such as equities and debt securities that track a 
stated index or investment strategy. Accordingly, the value of the ETP Securities of such Series will be subject 
to the risks which apply to investing in the ETFs that are included in the Reference Assets and also to the 
underlying assets in which they invest.  
While ETFs vary in product structure, many will share some of the basic features of the ETP Securities and 
their related risks.  Investors should carefully consider, among other matters, the structure, investment policy, 
liquidity, tracking error, relevant parties and price volatility of the ETFs included in the Reference Assets.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
If such ETFs invest in equity or debt securities, they may share some of the risks outlined under “Risk factors 
relating to the Reference Assets – Risks related to equities and debt securities” above and, consequently, 
investors are advised to read them carefully and to consider any other risks specific to the relevant ETF’s 
underlying assets.  
While the underlying assets of ETFs are typically diversified across the relevant asset class and strategy, 
they may be concentrated and, in that case, the “Concentration Risk” outlined below may be useful for the 
purposes of assessing some of the risks of such ETFs.  
2.4       Risks related to mutual funds 
Series of ETP Securities may be issued where the Reference Assets are comprised of mutual funds. Mutual 
funds are pooled investments in assets such as equities and debt securities. Accordingly, the value of the 
ETP Securities of such Series will be subject to the risks which apply to investing in the mutual funds that are 
included in the Reference Assets and also to the underlying assets in which they invest.  
While mutual funds may vary in product structure, many will share some of the basic features of the ETP 
Securities and their related risks.  Investors should carefully consider, among other matters, the structure, 
investment policy, liquidity, relevant parties and price volatility of the mutual funds included in the Reference 
Assets.   
If such mutual funds invest in equity or debt securities, they may share some of the risks outlined under “Risk 
factors relating to the Reference Assets – Risks related to equities and debt securities” above and, 
consequently, investors are advised to read them carefully and to consider any other risks specific to the 
relevant mutual fund’s underlying assets.  
While the underlying assets of mutual funds are typically diversified across the relevant asset class and 
strategy, they may be concentrated and, in that case, the “Concentration Risk” outlined below may be 
useful for the purposes of assessing some of the risks of such mutual funds.  
2.5 
Concentration risk 
Series of ETP Securities may provide leveraged or inversed leveraged exposure to the Reference Assets 
underlying the relevant Index for that Series or referenced by the Investment Strategy for such Series. Where 
there is a single Reference Asset or a limited number of Reference Assets, prospective investors should be 
aware that there are risks deriving from such concentration, the most significant of which is the impact on the 
liquidity and the volatility of the ETP Securities.  
 
In respect of liquidity, a concentrated leveraged and inversed leveraged exposure to a single asset heightens 
the impact of the illiquidity of any such asset on the ETP Securities, particularly during an environment with 
significant price declines and inclines. Furthermore, the volatility of the ETP Securities is also intensified due 
to their concentrated leveraged or inversed leveraged exposure, as there is no other Reference Asset to 
counterbalance potential volatile movements on the Reference Asset of the relevant Index or Investment 
Strategy for a Series of ETP Securities. 
 
 
As a consequence of the risks set out in this risk factor 2.4, the ETP Securityholders may lose some or all of 
their investment in the ETP Securities.     
 
3. Risk factors relating to Indices     
3.1 
Index-linked securities 
As a consequence of the risks set out in this risk factor 3.1, the ETP Securityholders may lose some or all of 
their investment in the ETP Securities 
In the case of Index-linked Series, the purpose of the Index in respect of each Series of ETP Securities is to 
provide exposure (which may be long, short, leveraged or unleveraged) to the Reference Assets of such 
Index, which will be adjusted daily, weekly, monthly or such other period as set out in the Final Terms (the 
“Rebalance Period”) in accordance with the performance of the Reference Assets.  
Potential Investors should note that the amount payable on the redemption of the ETP Securities of any 
Series will be linked to the performance of the Index referenced by such Series, however, potential investors

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
should note that they will have no entitlement to the relevant Index or the Reference Assets of such Index, 
but have entitlement solely to the Pro-Rata Liquidation (as defined herein).  
The level of an Index can go down as well as up and accordingly may negatively impact the return for the 
ETP Securityholders. In addition, the past performance of an Index will not be indicative of its future 
performance. There can be no assurance as to the future performance of any Index to which the ETP 
Securities are linked. The ETP Securities may trade differently from the performance of the Index and 
changes in the level of the Index may not result in a comparable change in the market value of the ETP 
Securities or in the ETP Security Value.  
Accordingly, before investing in any ETP Securities, prospective investors should carefully consider whether 
an investment based on the performance of the applicable Index is suitable for them and in all cases an 
investor in ETP Securities should carry out its own detailed review of the applicable Index and the rules 
relating thereto.  
3.2 
Factors affecting the performance of Indices may adversely affect the value of the ETP 
Securities 
As a consequence of the risks set out in this risk factor 3.2, the ETP Securityholders may lose some or all of 
their investment in the ETP Securities 
The performance of an Index in respect of each Series of ETP Securities may adversely affect the value of 
the ETP Securities and therefore may negatively impact the return for ETP Securityholders.  The performance 
of an Index is dependent upon the macroeconomic factors relating to the assets that comprise such Index, 
which may include, among others, interest rates and price levels on the capital markets, currency 
developments, political factors and in the case of equity securities and debt securities, company-specific 
factors such as earnings position, market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy. 
3.3 
Tracking error in relation to the Index 
As a consequence of the risks set out in this risk factor 3.3, the ETP Securityholders may lose some or all of 
their investment in the ETP Securities 
At any given time, the price at which any Series of ETP Securities trade in the secondary market may be 
significantly different from the Index Level of the relevant Index of such Series. Additionally, the performance 
of any Series of ETP Securities may significantly differ from the performance of the relevant Index of such 
Series.  
Accordingly, there is a risk that the return on any Series of ETP Securities may differ from the actual return 
that investors would obtain from the relevant Index tracked by such Series. Therefore, investors may receive 
a return under the ETP Securities that is significantly lower than the return that they would receive if it was 
possible for investors to invest in the relevant Index directly. 
3.4 
The returns on the ETP Securities may not reflect a direct investment in the assets comprised 
in the applicable Index  
As a consequence of the risks set out in this risk factor 3.4, the ETP Securityholders may lose some or all of 
their investment in the ETP Securities 
The return payable on ETP Securities which provide for a Normal Exposure or Leveraged Exposure to the 
related Reference Assets may not reflect the return generated from the relevant Index or the return an 
investor would realise if it actually owned the relevant Reference Assets underlying such Index and is not the 
same as being long or short, as applicable, in a comparable position in futures contracts related to such 
Index.  For example, holders of the ETP Securities linked to an Index where the Reference Assets are equities 
will not receive any dividends paid on the Reference Assets of the relevant Index and will not participate in 
the return on those dividends other than through the effect that these dividends might have on the 
Redemption Amount of the ETP Securities, as any dividends held in the Margin Account in respect of a Series 
of ETP Securities would increase the Collateral Assets in respect of such Series. Similarly, the holders of 
such ETP Securities will not have any voting rights in the Reference Assets of such Index. In addition, ETP 
Securityholders will not participate in any rights issue or stock split in relation to the relevant Reference Asset. 
Accordingly, investors in ETP Securities may receive a lower payment upon settlement or redemption of such 
ETP Securities than such investor would have received if it had invested directly in the Reference Assets of 
the Index to which such ETP Securities are linked.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
3.5 
The actions of the Index Sponsor, including any change in the composition or discontinuance 
of an Index, could adversely affect the market value of the ETP Securities referencing such 
Index. 
As a consequence of the risks set out in this risk factor 3.5, the ETP Securityholders may lose some or all of 
their investment in the ETP Securities 
The sponsor of each Index is responsible for the calculation and maintenance of that Index. The sponsor of 
any Index can make methodological changes that could affect the composition, calculation and/or 
maintenance of such Index, which could affect the payments made by the Issuer to the investors in the ETP 
Securities referencing such Index. The sponsor of any Index may effect intraday, intra-week, intra-month or 
such other period, as applicable, rebalancing of the Index due to volatility of the relevant Reference Assets 
of such Index, which may make the applicable Index Level differ from the market price of the Reference 
Assets multiplied by the relevant levels of leverage embedded in the Index. The sponsor of any such Index 
may also alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of such Index. The sponsor of an Index 
will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the ETP Securities and will have no obligation to any investor 
in such ETP Securities. The sponsor of an Index may take any actions in respect of such Index without regard 
to the interests of the investor in the ETP Securities, and any of these actions could adversely affect the 
market value of the ETP Securities.  
The methodology of an Index referenced by a Series of ETP Securities may take into account specific funding 
adjustments. Depending on market conditions, the Index Sponsor for the relevant Index may vary its funding 
adjustments from time to time without regard to the interests of the ETP Securityholders. Potential investors 
should note that the Issuer shall have no obligation to adjust the ETP Security Value, the calculation or the 
methodology of the relevant Series of ETP Securities so as to eliminate or reduce the impact of the funding 
adjustments made in the underlying Index of such Series of ETP Securities. 
The Issuer is not affiliated with the sponsor of any Index in any way (except for the agreements and licensing 
arrangements described in this Base Prospectus) and has no ability to control or predict their actions, 
including any errors in or discontinuation of disclosure regarding its methods or policies relating to the 
calculation of any Index or related Indices.  
ETP Securityholders will have no recourse against the sponsor of any Index, or the underlying components 
of such Index. 
4. Risk factors relating to Investment Strategies 
4.1 
Investment Strategy-linked securities 
As a consequence of the risks set out in this risk factor 4.1, the ETP Securityholders may lose some or all of 
their investment in the ETP Securities.     
Prospective investors should note that in the case of Series which pursue an Investment Strategy, the amount 
payable on the redemption of the ETP Securities of such Series will be linked to the performance of the 
Investment Strategy referenced by that Series. Potential Investors should note that they will have no 
entitlement to the Reference Assets of such Investment Strategy but have entitlement solely to the Pro-Rata 
Liquidation (as defined herein), which, depending on the performance of the Investment Strategy, may be 
less, than their initial investment. 
Accordingly, before investing in any ETP Securities, prospective investors should carefully consider whether 
an investment based on the performance of the applicable Investment Strategy is suitable for them and in all 
cases an investor in ETP Securities should carry out its own detailed review of the applicable Investment 
Strategy. 
4.2 
No Tracking error analysis for Series which pursue an Investment Strategy 
As a consequence of the risks set out in this risk factor 4.2, the ETP Securityholders may lose some or all of 
their investment in the ETP Securities.     
is a risk that the return on any Series of ETP Securities may differ from the actual return that investors would 
obtain from the relevant Index tracked or from the Investment Strategy pursued by such Series. With respect 
to Index-linked Series, the official Index Level is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor, which 
enables investors to analyse the success of the Series in tracking the relevant Index. Information equivalent

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
to an Index Level will not be published with respect to Series which pursue an Investment Strategy and 
investors will therefore will not be is position to compare the success of the Series in pursuing the relevant 
Investment Strategy. 
4.3 
Factors affecting the performance of an Investment Strategy may adversely affect the value 
of the ETP Securities 
As a consequence of the risks set out in this risk factor 4.3, the ETP Securityholders may lose some or all of 
their investment in the ETP Securities.     
The performance of an Investment Strategy in respect of each Series of ETP Securities is dependent upon 
the macroeconomic factors relating to the assets referenced by such Investment Strategy, which may include, 
among others, interest rates and price levels on the capital markets, currency developments, political factors 
and in the case of equity securities and debt securities, company-specific factors such as earnings position, 
market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy. Such macroeconomic factors 
may negatively impact the value of the ETP Securities. 
4.4 
The returns on the ETP Securities may not reflect a direct investment in the Reference Assets 
comprised in the applicable Investment Strategy 
As a consequence of the risks set out in this risk factor 4.4, the ETP Securityholders may lose some or all of 
their investment in the ETP Securities.     
The return payable on ETP Securities which provide for a Normal Exposure or Leveraged Exposure to the 
related Reference Assets may not reflect the return an investor would realise if it actually owned the relevant 
Reference Assets underlying such Investment Strategy.  For example, holders of the ETP Securities linked 
to an Investment Strategy where the Reference Assets are equities will not receive any dividends paid on the 
Reference Assets of the relevant Investment Strategy and will not participate in the return on those dividends 
other than through the effect that these dividends might have on the Redemption Amount of the ETP 
Securities, as any dividends held in the Margin Account in respect of a Series of ETP Securities would 
increase the Collateral Assets in respect of such Series. Similarly, the holders of such ETP Securities will not 
have any voting rights in the Reference Assets of such Investment Strategy. Accordingly, investors in ETP 
Securities may receive a lower payment upon settlement or redemption of such ETP Securities than such 
investor would have received if it had invested directly in the Reference Assets of the Investment Strategy to 
which such ETP Securities are linked.  
4.5 
The actions of the Portfolio Administrator, including changing the composition of or 
discontinuing an Investment Strategy could adversely affect the market value of the ETP 
Securities referencing such Investment Strategy. 
As a consequence of the risks set out in this risk factor 4.5, the ETP Securityholders may lose some or all of 
their investment in the ETP Securities.     
The Portfolio Administrator is responsible for the maintenance of the Investment Strategy. The Portfolio 
Administrator may make certain operational adjustments to the Investment Strategy to ensure that, so far as 
possible, the basic principles and economic effect of the Investment Strategy are maintained. The Portfolio 
Administrator may take any actions in respect of such Investment Strategy without regard to the interests of 
the investor in the ETP Securities, and any of these actions could adversely affect the market value of the 
ETP Securities.  
4.6 
Investing in ETP Securities is not the same as being long or short, as applicable, in the 
Reference Assets of the Investment Strategy and is different from a long or short futures 
position.  
As a consequence of the risks set out in this risk factor 4.6, the ETP Securityholders may lose some or all of 
their investment in the ETP Securities.     
Investing in ETP Securities is not the same as making an investment in the Reference Assets of the relevant 
Investment Strategy. The return from holding ETP Securities is not the same as the return from buying the 
Reference Assets of the relevant Investment Strategy, and is not the same as being long or short, as 
applicable, in a comparable position in futures contracts related to such Reference Assets. Accordingly, 
investors in ETP Securities may receive a lower payment upon settlement or redemption of such ETP

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Securities than such investor would have received if it had invested directly in the Reference Assets of the 
relevant Investment Strategy. 
4.7 
Actively Managed Investment Strategies 
As a consequence of the risks set out in this risk factor 4.7, the ETP Securityholders may lose some or all of 
their investment in the ETP Securities.     
ETP Securityholders have no right to participate in the management of the Collateral Assets of a Series of 
ETP Securities. All decisions with respect to the investment of the proceeds of issuance of the ETP Securities 
will be made by the Portfolio Administrator. Accordingly, the Portfolio Administrator alone is responsible for 
any consequences of the exercise of such discretions. No person should purchase any ETP Securities unless 
they are willing to entrust all aspects of management of the Collateral Assets to the Portfolio Administrator. 
Poor performance by the Portfolio Administrator in the management of the Collateral Assets may negatively 
impact the value of the ETP Securities which may result in the ETP Securityholders receiving less, or 
substantially less than their initial investment. 
The performance of the ETP Securities will depend upon the manner by which the Portfolio Administrator 
exercises certain discretions specified in the relevant Investment Strategy with respect to the Collateral 
Assets, the limitations and restrictions on the scope of such discretion and the Portfolio Administrator’s ability 
to comply with the restrictions to the exercise of such discretions. The Portfolio Administrator (and, 
accordingly, the ETP Securityholders) alone is responsible for any consequences of the exercise of such 
discretions.  In addition, the performance of the Collateral Assets will be dependent upon the sales and 
purchases of the Collateral Assets pursuant to and in accordance with the relevant Investment Strategy, and 
in particular, but without limitation, the Portfolio Administrator carrying out due diligence prior to the sale or 
purchase of the Collateral Assets. The Portfolio Administrator alone is responsible for ensuring that the 
Collateral Assets comply with the relevant Investment Strategy. Neither the Arranger or any other Programme 
Party is responsible for monitoring the compliance of the Portfolio Administrator with the relevant Investment 
Strategy, including the Portfolio Administrator’s compliance with applicable limitations and restrictions on the 
scope of its discretions under the relevant Investment Strategy. 
In addition to reviewing the specific disclosures pertaining to the Collateral Assets, prospective ETP 
Securityholders should also review the disclosures on the Portfolio Administrator (including their investment 
approach, expertise and regulatory status) and the relevant Investment Strategy to evaluate how these could 
impact on the performance of the ETP Securities for their investment requirements.  In addition, certain 
Portfolio Administrators may be regulated in jurisdictions outside of Europe or the United States of America 
and may be subject to a regulatory regime less stringent than that currently in existence in Europe or the 
United States of America.  Prospective ETP Securityholders should review the regulatory status of the 
Portfolio Administrator to evaluate how this could impact on the performance of the ETP Securities for their 
investment requirements.  
The Portfolio Administrator will rely on the services of certain key individuals. As a result, the performance of 
the Investment Strategy will depend largely upon the ability of the key individuals and should any of them 
terminate their relationship with the Portfolio Administrator, die or become otherwise incapacitated for any 
period of time, and should the replacement (if any) for any of them not equal his or her predecessor’s 
performance, the profitability of the Collateral Assets of the relevant Series and the value of the ETP 
Securities may suffer.  In addition, should the Portfolio Administrator terminate its relationship with the Issuer 
or vice versa, the profitability of the Collateral Assets of the relevant Series may suffer.  There can be no 
assurance that the Portfolio Administrator will be successful in managing the Collateral Assets of the relevant 
Series. 
Where a Series of ETP Securities employs an actively managed Investment Strategy, the Arranger Fee may 
include a fee charged at a specific daily rate and a performance based fee, as described in the relevant 
Investment Strategy. The payment of these fees could negatively impact the performance of the ETP 
Securities, especially where the underlying Collateral Assets have not been performing.  Prospective ETP 
Securityholders should review the disclosures pertaining to the Arranger Fee in the relevant Investment 
Strategy to evaluate their potential impact on the performance of the ETP Securities, and thereby assess the 
appropriateness and suitability of the ETP Securities for their investment requirements. 
5. Risk factors relating to ETP Securities offering Leveraged Exposures and Short Exposures 
For an explanation of the risks covered here and some simulated numerical examples, see the Section of 
this Base Prospectus titled "Economic Overview of the ETP Securities".

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
5.1 
Leveraged or Inverse Leveraged Series 
Investors should be aware that:  
(i) 
If they invest in ETP Securities linked to a Normal Exposure or a Leveraged Exposure, such ETP 
Securities have a long exposure to the Reference Assets such that price declines in the Reference 
Assets will generally result in a fall in the value of the ETP Securities (the effect of which will be 
multiplied in the case of Series providing a Leveraged Exposure). 
(ii) 
if they invest in ETP Securities linked to a Short Exposure, such ETP Securities have a short exposure 
to the Reference Assets such that price rises in the Reference Assets will generally result in a fall in 
value of the ETP Securities. Short sales will involve the Issuer selling Reference Assets which it has 
borrowed from the Margin Loan Provider.  Making short sales of Reference Assets that it does not own 
exposes the Issuer to risks associated with those Reference Assets and involves speculative exposure 
risk.  The Issuer will incur a loss as a result of a short sale if the price of the Reference Asset increases 
between the date of the short sale and the date on which the Issuer replaces the Reference Asset sold 
short.  The Issuer will realise a gain if the Reference Asset declines in price between those dates.  A 
short sale position is closed out by purchasing the Reference Asset and returning it to the Margin Loan 
Provider. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to borrow the Reference Assets from 
the Margin Loan Provider to open a short sale position or close out a short sale position at any particular 
time or at an acceptable price.  Although the Issuer’s gain is limited to the amount at which it sells the 
Reference Asset, its potential loss is limited only by the maximum attainable price of the Reference 
Asset, less the price at which the Reference Asset was sold.  Short sale transactions involve leverage 
because they can provide investment exposure in an amount exceeding the initial investment.  
 
Government or regulatory intervention in the financial market could result in the Issuer being unable to 
enter into or maintain a short sale position. It is possible that due to a change in applicable law or 
regulation, it may become illegal for the Issuer to enter into or maintain a short position either on a 
temporary or permanent basis. Such scenarios may impact on the value of the ETP Securities, may 
impact on the Issuer’s ability to meet any redemption requests with respect to the relevant ETP 
Securities in a timely manner or the relevant Series of ETP Securities may fall for compulsory early 
redemption.  In such circumstances an ETP Securityholder may receive back less than their initial 
investment. 
Where a Series of ETP Securities employs leverage, the effect which any negative or positive changes in the 
price of the Reference Assets will have on the ETP Security Value will be multiplied by the applicable 
Leverage Factor for the relevant Series of ETP Securities. 
Series of ETP Securities which provide for a Leveraged Exposure to the related Reference Asset seek to 
achieve a return which is a multiple of the Rebalance Period return of the Reference Asset of the relevant 
Index or Investment Strategy (excluding the effects of any applicable fees and adjustments). Conversely, 
Series of ETP Securities which provide for a Short Exposure to the related Reference Asset seeks to achieve 
a return which is a multiple of the Rebalance Period rate of decrease of the price of the Reference Asset 
(excluding the effects of any applicable fees and adjustments). Thus the ETP Securities will magnify losses 
in market environments adverse to their objective compared to similar exchange traded products that are not 
leveraged. In addition, losses will be magnified as the amount of leverage increases.  
For Series which pursue Leveraged Exposures, the Leverage Factor may be between 2x and 5x. For Series 
which pursue Short Exposures, the Leverage Factor may be between -1x and -3x. Leverage Factors can be 
The Leverage Factor applicable to a Series of ETP Securities will be set out in the Final Terms for such 
Series.  
 5.2 
Risk of unscheduled rebalancing 
As defined in the Index or Investment Strategy methodology in respect of a Series of ETP Securities, where 
relevant, there is a possibility of unscheduled rebalancing in the event of (i) a significant decline in the price 
of the relevant Reference Assets if such Series provides a Leveraged Exposure to such Reference Assets; 
and (ii) a significant increase in the price of the relevant Reference Assets if such Series provides a Short 
Exposure to such Reference Assets, in both cases before the beginning of the next Rebalance Period of the 
Series. On a day in which an Unscheduled Rebalance is triggered, the Rebalance Period return of the 
relevant Series of ETP Securities will not be equal to the Leverage Factor of such Series multiplied by the 
Rebalance Period price change of the respective Reference Assets. Such unscheduled adjustment seeks to

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
protect the holder of ETP Securities providing Leveraged Exposure or Short Exposure in the event of extreme 
market movements during Rebalance Periods by crystallising the losses incurred up to that point.  
As a result of the unscheduled rebalancing, a Series of ETP Securities may not track what an investor might 
expect for such Rebalance Period. For example, in the case of a Series linked to an Index providing a 
Leveraged Exposure to the related Reference Assets, if the price of the relevant Reference Assets was to 
reverse its fall after the unscheduled rebalancing, then the holder of the relevant ETP Security will not benefit 
from the reversal of the price decline of the Reference Assets to the same extent that it might have if the 
unscheduled rebalancing had not occurred. However, if the price of the relevant Reference Assets continues 
to fall, then the holder of such ETP Security will not suffer a loss to the same extent as if the unscheduled 
rebalancing had not occurred. Similarly, in the case of a Series providing for a Short Exposure to the related 
Reference Assets, if the price of the relevant Reference Assets was to fall after the unscheduled rebalancing, 
then the holder of the relevant ETP Security will not benefit from the reversal of the price of the Reference 
Assets to the same extent that it might have if the unscheduled rebalancing had not occurred. However, if 
the price of the relevant Reference Assets continues to increase, then the holder of such ETP Security will 
not suffer a loss to the same extent as if the unscheduled rebalancing had not occurred. 
5.3         Risks of Holding the ETP Securities for longer than their Rebalance Period  
As a consequence of the risks set out in this risk factor 5.3, the ETP Securityholders may lose some or all of 
their investment in the ETP Securities.     
Where applicable, the Rebalance Period applicable to a Series of ETP Securities will be set out in the Final 
Terms. Due to the Rebalance Period investment goal of ETP Securities, an ETP Security’s return over holding 
periods longer than the Rebalance Period will likely differ from the return of the relevant Index or Investment 
Strategy (as adjusted to take account of the Leverage Factor), and this difference will become more significant 
as the holding period increases in length.  
The return on ETP Securities over a period longer than the Rebalance Period will reflect the return for each 
Rebalance Period compounded over all Rebalance Periods in that holding period and the effects of the 
Rebalance Period rebalancing. As a consequence of the Rebalance Period and the leveraged exposure of 
ETP Securities, over periods longer than the Rebalance Period, the redemption entitlement of an ETP 
Security will fall if the Index’s or Investment Strategy’s performance is flat (i.e. has a zero or close to zero 
return).  Similarly, if an investor holds ETP Securities offering Leveraged Exposure or Short Exposure for 
longer than their Rebalance Period, the return of such ETP Securities over that holding period will likely differ 
from the return of the Reference Assets over such holding period multiplied by the Leverage Factor of the 
ETP Securities.  This means that where an investor holds an ETP Security over a period longer than the 
Rebalance Period, the value of the ETP Security on redemption will (i) fall where the Index or Investment 
Strategy’s performance is zero or close to zero and (ii) may not reflect the performance of the Reference 
Assets over that holding period multiplied by their Leverage Factor, and may have a negative impact on the 
value of the ETP Security the longer the holding period, the higher the Leverage Factor and the greater the 
volatility of the Reference Assets over the holding period. 
5.4         Effective daily Leverage Factor where Rebalance Periods are longer than a day 
As a consequence of the risks set out in this risk factor 5.4, the ETP Securityholders may lose some or all of 
their investment in the ETP Securities.     
At the end of each Rebalance Period, where relevant, the Portfolio Administrator will instruct the Margin Loan 
Provider to buy or sell Reference Assets in such amounts as may be required so that, at the beginning of the 
immediately following Rebalancing Period, the ETP Securities offer their Leveraged Exposure or Short 
Exposure to the Reference Assets determined by their stated Leverage Factor. If the Rebalance Period is 
longer than a day, the exposure of such ETP Securities to their Reference Assets will not be rebalanced daily 
to maintain such exposure constant by reference to the Leverage Factor. As such, the effective level of 
Leveraged Exposure or Short Exposure offered by such ETP Securities, as the case may be, will vary on 
each day of the Rebalance Period as prices of the Reference Assets fluctuate and subscriptions and 
redemptions are fulfilled by the Issuer on a daily basis. What this means is that, for example, in the case of a 
Leveraged Exposure, where the value of the Reference Asset decreases during the Rebalance Period, the 
exposure of the ETP Securities of such Series to the Reference Assets will increase (i.e., the effective 
leverage exposure to the Reference Assets will be greater than the stated Leverage Factor of the ETP 
Securities), which may negatively impact the value of the ETP Securities. 
 
5.5 
Factors affecting leverage risk

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
As a consequence of the risks set out in this risk factor 5.5, the ETP Securityholders may lose some or all of 
their investment in the ETP Securities.     
Higher leverage, higher volatility and longer holding periods will increase the risk from investing in ETP 
Securities and hence may adversely affect the value of the ETP Securities. For leveraged returns with holding 
periods longer than one day (excluding the effects of any applicable fees and adjustments):  
(a) the return of such ETP Securities will likely differ from the product of the Reference Asset return and the 
Leverage Factor; and  
(b) an ETP Security will lose value if the relevant Reference Asset’s performance is flat (i.e. has a zero or 
close to zero return); and  
(c) it is possible for an ETP Security with Leveraged Exposure to the relevant Reference Asset to lose value 
even if the relevant Reference Asset’s return is positive. Similarly it is possible for an ETP Security with a 
Short Exposure to the relevant Reference Asset to lose value even if the relevant Reference Asset’s return 
is negative; and  
(d) the risks in (a) to (c) will be magnified for longer holding periods, higher Reference Asset volatility and 
higher leverage.  
See section of the Base Prospectus entitled “Economic Overview of the ETP Securities” for simulated 
examples on how the above risks may occur. 
6. Regulation and Reform of benchmarks, including Fed Funds Effective, Euro Short Term Rate, SONIA 
and other benchmarks 
Internationally recognised benchmarks on overnight deposits are used as the basis for determining the 
Benchmark Rates (as defined in the section of the Base Prospectus entitled ‘Economic Overview of the ETP 
Securities”.  
The Fed Funds Effective (Overnight), Euro Short Term Rate (€STR), the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(SONIA) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” 
are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory reform.  Following any such reforms, 
benchmarks may perform differently than in the past or disappear entirely, or there could be other 
consequences which cannot be predicted.  
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any ETP Securities linked to such a 
benchmark. 
Key regulatory proposals and initiatives in this area include (amongst others) IOSCO’s Principles for Financial 
Market Benchmarks, published in July 2013 (the “IOSCO Benchmark Principles”) and the EU Regulation 
on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds (the “Benchmark Regulation”). The Benchmark Regulation could have a 
material impact on ETP Securities linked to a benchmark rate or index. For example: 
• 
a rate or index which is a benchmark could be prohibited from being used in the EU if (subject to 
applicational transitional provisions) its administrator is (i) based in the EU and does not obtain 
authorisations or registration, or (ii) based on a non-EU jurisdiction which does not satisfy the 
‘equivalence’ conditions and is not ‘recognised’ pending an equivalence decision. In such event, 
depending on the particular benchmark and the applicable terms of the ETP Securities, the ETO 
Securities could be de-listed, adjusted, redeemed prior to maturity or otherwise impacted; 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could reduce or increase the rate or level or affect 
the volatility of the published rate or level, and could lead to adjustments to the terms of the ETP 
Securities; and 
• 
the withdrawal or suspension of the administrator’s authorisation or registration, or the rejection of 
an application by the administrator for authorisation or registration, may result in the terms and

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
conditions of the ETP Securities being adjusted or being redeemed prior to maturity or otherwise 
impacted. 
Ongoing international and/or national reform initiatives and the increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks 
generally could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any applicable regulations or requirements.  Such factors may discourage 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules 
or methodologies used in respect of benchmarks, and/or lead to the disappearance of benchmarks. This 
could result in (i) adjustments to the terms and conditions and/or early redemption provisions, (ii) delisting, 
and/or (iii) other consequences for ETP Securities linked to any such benchmarks. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such ETP Securities. 
7. Risk factors relating to the Security 
7.1 
Limited recourse obligations, non-petition and related risks 
In respect of the ETP Securities of any Series, the Secured Creditors (which includes the ETP 
Securityholders), with the exception of the Margin Loan Provider with respect to the LS Margin Account 
Agreement, will have recourse only to the Secured Property in respect of such ETP Securities, subject always 
to the Security, and not to any other assets of the Issuer. If, following realisation in full of the Secured Property 
(whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) and application of available cash in accordance with the 
applicable orders of priority and the Trust Deed, any outstanding claim against the Issuer in respect of the 
Secured Obligations remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim will be extinguished and no debt, liability 
or obligation will be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. Following such extinguishment, with the exception 
of the Margin Loan Provider with respect to the LS Margin Account Agreement, none of the Programme 
Parties, the ETP Securityholders of any relevant Series or any other person acting on behalf of any of them 
will be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, corporate 
service providers or directors to recover any further sum in respect of the extinguished claim and no debt, 
liability or obligation will be owed to any such persons by the Issuer in respect of such further sum.  
With the exception of the Margin Loan Provider with respect to the LS Margin Account Agreement, none of 
the Programme Parties, the ETP Securityholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them may, at any 
time, bring, institute or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining insolvency, administration, 
bankruptcy, winding-up, examinership or any other similar proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise) 
in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets, and none of them will have any claim arising with respect to the 
sums, assets and/or property attributable to any other securities issued by the Issuer (save for any further 
securities which form a single Series with the ETP Securities). 
There is also the risk that the Issuer may become subject to claims or other liabilities (whether or not in 
respect of the ETP Securities) which are not themselves subject to limited recourse or non-petition limitations. 
There is a risk that such claims or liabilities may negatively impact the value of the ETP Securities of a 
particular Series.  
Investors should be aware that the LS Margin Account Agreement does not contain limited recourse 
provisions with respect to the obligations of the Issuer. There is a risk therefore that, in respect of a claim 
against the Issuer by the Margin Loan Provider in relation to the LS Margin Account Agreement, if following 
realisation in full of the Secured Property (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) in respect of a Series 
of ETP Securities and application of available cash in accordance with the applicable orders of priority and 
the Trust Deed, a claim remains outstanding against the Issuer, such claim may be made against assets 
attributable to other outstanding Series of ETP Securities on a pro rata basis. The Broker Dealer of Record, 
however, has agreed to indemnify the Issuer against any loss, cost, claim, action, demand or expense which 
the Issuer may incur as a result of any such claims by the Margin Loan Provider. If for any reason the Broker 
Dealer of Record cannot or does not honour such indemnity, such claim would negatively impact the value 
of the ETP Securities of such outstanding Series of ETP Securities. 
7.2 
The claims of ETP Securityholders are subordinated upon enforcement of the Security 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of a Series of ETP Securities are secured by the Security Documents 
in respect of such Series of ETP Securities. Pursuant to such Security Documents, the Issuer will create 
security in respect of that Series in favour of the Trustee (for the benefit of the Secured Creditors) over (i) all 
of the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and benefit present and future in, to and under the Programme Documents 
to the extent that they relate to the ETP Securities; (ii) all sums held now or in the future by or on behalf of

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
the Issuer (including, without limitation, by the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the Registrar) to meet 
payments due in respect of the obligations and duties of the Issuer under the Security Documents and the 
ETP Securities, (iii) the Collateral Assets and any sums of money, securities, financial instruments or other 
property received or receivable now or in the future by or on behalf of the Issuer under the LS Margin Account 
Agreement and the Portfolio Administration Agreement and (iv) all of the Issuer’s rights as against the Margin 
Loan Provider in respect of any sum or property now or in the future standing to the credit of the relevant 
accounts of the Issuer with the Margin Loan Provider relating to the ETP Securities, in each case, to the 
extent that they relate to the ETP Securities.  
Following the enforcement of the security, the Trustee will apply the proceeds derived from the realisation of 
the assets that are the subject of the security constituted by the Security Documents in the applicable order 
of priority under which amounts due to the ETP Securityholders will be subordinated to all costs, fees, 
expenses and all other amounts including (without limitation) the costs of enforcing and/or realising any 
security due to the Trustee itself and any receiver(s), and amounts due to the Arranger in respect of the 
Arranger Fee and arising to the Margin Loan Provider, in each case in relation to the ETP Securities.  The 
impact of such subordination is that the ETP Securityholders may receive less, or substantially less than their 
initial investment. 
7.3 
Recognition of Security in other jurisdictions 
The laws of certain jurisdictions may affect some or all of the assets comprising the Collateral Assets. In the 
event that the laws of a jurisdiction do not recognise the security granted by the Security Documents, such 
security may not be effective in relation to assets deemed located in that jurisdiction and/or such assets may 
be subject to claims which would otherwise rank after claims secured by the Security Documents. In the event 
that it becomes necessary to enforce the security granted by the Security Documents in a jurisdiction that 
does not recognise such security (or in which it has not been perfected) there may be delays in enforcing the 
security or it may not be possible to enforce such security which could result in losses to the ETP 
Securityholders. 
8. 
 Risk factors relating to the Issuer and its legal structure 
8.1 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle with the sole business of issuing ETP Securities. The contracts which 
may be entered into by the Issuer (such as the LS Margin Account Agreement entered into by the Issuer in 
relation to one or more Series of ETP Securities) and the payments of the Issuer and the parties thereunder 
are structured to have the capacity to provide the Issuer with funds to service payments due and payable in 
respect of the ETP Securities and on any redemption by the Issuer of the ETP Securities.  
The Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than (i) the small sums of money raised by issuing shares in 
relation to its incorporation, (ii) such fees (if any) as are payable to it in connection with the issue or redemption 
of any Series of ETP Securities from time to time and (iii) any rights, property, sums or other assets on which 
any Series of ETP Securities issued under the Programme are secured. 
This means that if the assets on which a Series of ETP Securities are secured are not sufficient to meet sums 
payable by the Issuer in respect of that Series, there are no other assets that are available to the Issuer to 
make those payments.  In such circumstances, the holders of the ETP Securities would not receive the 
amounts owing to them in full. 
 
8.2 
Regulation of the Issuer by any regulatory authority  
The Issuer is not required to be licensed or authorised under any current securities, commodities or banking 
laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and will operate without supervision by any authority in any jurisdiction. 
There is no assurance, however, that regulatory authorities in one or more jurisdictions would not take a 
contrary view regarding the applicability of any such laws to the Issuer. The taking of a contrary view by such 
regulatory authority could have an adverse impact on the Issuer or the holders of the ETP Securities. For 
instance, if it was determined by a regulatory authority that the Issuer was required to be authorised in a 
particular jurisdiction, it may not be possible for the Issuer as a special purpose vehicle to receive such 
authorisation.  In such a scenario there is a risk that the Issuer could be required to effect a mandatory 
redemption of the ETP Securities which could result in a loss being incurred by holders of the ETP Securities.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
8.3 
Insolvency 
The Issuer has agreed not to engage in activities other than the issue of ETP Securities and related and 
incidental matters. Any issue of ETP Securities must be on terms that provide for the claims of the ETP 
Securityholders and the Programme Parties (with the exception of the claims of the Margin Loan Provider 
with respect to the LS Margin Account Agreement), in respect of such ETP Securities to be limited to the 
proceeds of the assets on which such ETP Securities are secured (see "Risk factors relating to the Security 
- Limited recourse obligations, non-petition and related risks" above). In addition, with the exception of the 
Margin Loan Provider with respect to the LS Margin Account Agreement, there are restrictions on the ETP 
Securityholders and Programme Parties bringing insolvency proceedings against the Issuer. If such 
provisions are upheld, it would be unlikely that the Issuer could become insolvent.  
However, notwithstanding the restrictions described in Condition 7 and the limited recourse and non-petition 
provisions, should the Issuer have outstanding liabilities to third parties which it is unable to discharge or 
should the limited recourse or non-petition provisions be found to be non-enforceable in a particular 
jurisdiction and as a result the Issuer becomes or is declared insolvent according to the law of any country 
having jurisdiction over it or any of its assets, the insolvency laws of that country may determine the validity 
of the claims of ETP Securityholders and may prevent ETP Securityholders from enforcing their rights with 
respect to any ETP Securities held by it or delay such enforcement.  If the ETP Securityholders are prevented 
from enforcing their rights with respect to the ETP Securities, this may result in the ETP Securityholders 
losing their investment in the ETP Securities. In particular, depending on the jurisdiction concerned and the 
nature of the assets and security, the Security created in favour of the Trustee in respect of such Series of 
ETP Securities may be set aside or ranked behind certain other creditors and the assets subject to such 
Security may be transferred to another person free of such Security. The impact of the occurrence of such 
scenarios is that the ETP Securityholders may either lose all their investment in the ETP Securities or receive 
less, or substantially less than their initial investment. 
In addition, certain jurisdictions have procedures designed to facilitate the survival of companies in financial 
difficulties. In such jurisdictions, the rights of the Trustee or of the Issuer to enforce the Security created 
pursuant to any Security Document may be limited or delayed by such procedures. Such a situation may 
adversely impact the value of the ETP Securities. 
8.4 
Preferred Creditors under Irish Law and Floating Charges 
If the Issuer becomes subject to an insolvency proceeding and the Issuer has obligations to creditors that are 
treated under Irish law as creditors that are senior relative to its secured creditors including the ETP 
Securityholders, the ETP Securityholders (and other secured creditors) may suffer losses as a result of their 
subordinated status during such insolvency proceedings. In particular, under Irish law, upon an insolvency of 
an Irish company, such as the Issuer, when applying the proceeds of assets subject to fixed security which 
may have been realised in the course of a liquidation or receivership, the claims of a limited category of 
preferential creditors will take priority over the claims of creditors holding the relevant fixed security. These 
preferred claims include the remuneration, costs and expenses properly incurred by any examiner of the 
company (which may include any borrowings made by an examiner to fund the company’s requirements for 
the duration of his appointment) which have been approved by the relevant Irish courts (see “Examinership” 
below). Such preferred claims may negatively impact on the value of the ETP Securities. 
The holder of a fixed security over the book debts of an Irish tax resident company (which would include the 
Issuer) may be required by the Irish Revenue Commissioners, by notice in writing from the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners, to pay to them sums equivalent to those which the holder received in payment of debts due 
to it by the company. 
Where the holder of the security has given notice to the Irish Revenue Commissioners of the creation of the 
security within 21 days of its creation, the holder’s liability is limited to the amount of certain outstanding Irish 
tax liabilities of the company (including liabilities in respect of VAT) arising after the issuance of the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners’ notice to the holder of fixed security.  If any such claim was made by the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners against the Trustee, this could negatively impact the value of the ETP Securities. 
The Irish Revenue Commissioners may also attach any debt due to an Irish tax resident company by another 
person in order to discharge any liabilities of the company in respect of outstanding tax whether the liabilities 
are due on its own account or as an agent or trustee. The scope of this right of the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners has not yet been considered by the Irish courts and it may override the rights of holders of 
security (whether fixed or floating) over the debt in question. If any such action is made by the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners, this could negatively impact the value of the ETP Securities.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
In relation to the disposal of assets of any Irish tax resident company (such as the Issuer) which are subject 
to security, a person entitled to the benefit of the security may be liable for tax in relation to any capital gains 
made by the company on a disposal of those assets on exercise of the security.  The impact of such a 
scenario on the Issuer could negatively impact the value of the ETP Securities, 
The essence of a fixed charge is that the person creating the charge does not have liberty to deal with the 
assets which are the subject matter of the security in the sense of disposing of such assets or expending or 
appropriating the moneys or claims constituting such assets and accordingly, if and to the extent that such 
liberty is given to the Issuer any charge constituted by the Security Documents may operate as a floating, 
rather than a fixed charge. 
In particular, the Irish courts have held that in order to create a fixed charge on receivables it is necessary to 
oblige the chargor to pay the proceeds of collection of the receivables into a designated bank account and to 
prohibit the chargor from withdrawing or otherwise dealing with the moneys standing to the credit of such 
account without the consent of the chargee. 
Depending upon the level of control actually exercised by the chargor, there is therefore a possibility that the 
fixed security over the relevant charged assets would be regarded by the Irish courts as a floating charge. 
Floating charges have certain weaknesses, including the following: 
(a) 
they have weak priority against purchasers (who are not on notice of any negative pledge contained 
in the floating charge) and the chargees of the assets concerned and against lien holders, execution 
creditors and creditors with rights of set-off; 
(b) 
as discussed above, they rank after certain preferential creditors, such as claims of employees and 
certain taxes on winding-up; 
(c) 
they rank after certain insolvency remuneration expenses and liabilities; 
(d) 
the examiner of a company has certain rights to deal with the property covered by the floating charge; 
and 
(e) 
they rank after fixed charges. 
If the fixed charges created pursuant to the Security Documents in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of the 
ETP Securityholders are regarded as floating charges instead fixed charges, this could negatively impact on 
the value of the ETP Securities. 
 
8.5 
Centre of Main Interests 
The Issuer has its registered office in Ireland. As a result there is a rebuttable presumption that its centre of 
main interest (“COMI”) in Ireland and consequently that any main insolvency proceedings applicable to it 
would be governed by Irish law. In the decision by the Court of Justice of the European Union (“CJEU”) in 
relation to Eurofood IFSC Limited, the CJEU restated the presumption in Council Regulation (EC) No. 
1346/2000 of 29 May 2000 on Insolvency Proceedings, that the place of a company’s registered office is 
presumed to be the company’s COMI and stated that the presumption can only be rebutted if “factors which 
are both objective and ascertainable by third parties enable it to be established that an actual situation exists 
which is different from that which locating it at the registered office is deemed to reflect”. As the Issuer has 
its registered office in Ireland, has Irish directors, is registered for tax in Ireland and has an Irish corporate 
services provider, the Issuer does not believe that factors exist that would rebut this presumption, although 
this would ultimately be a matter for the relevant court to decide, based on the circumstances existing at the 
time when it was asked to make that decision. If the Issuer’s COMI is not located in Ireland, and is held to be 
in a different jurisdiction within the European Union, main insolvency proceedings may not be opened in 
Ireland. The Issuer is structured to be bankruptcy remote and accordingly considers it unlikely that it will ever 
become insolvent.  However, in the unlikely event of the Issuer becoming insolvent, if insolvency proceedings 
were commenced in a jurisdiction other than Ireland, ETP Securityholders may receive less than would have 
been the case had the proceedings commenced in Ireland.  
 
8.6 
Examinership 
Examinership is a court procedure available under the Companies Act 2014 to facilitate the survival of Irish 
companies in financial difficulties. Where a company, which has its COMI in Ireland is, or is likely to be unable

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
to pay its debts an examiner may be appointed on a petition to the relevant Irish court under Section 509 of 
the Companies Act 2014. 
The Issuer, the directors of the Issuer, a contingent, prospective or actual creditor of the Issuer, or 
shareholders of the Issuer holding, at the date of presentation of the petition, not less than one-tenth of the 
voting share capital of the Issuer are each entitled to petition the court for the appointment of an examiner. 
The examiner, once appointed, has the power to set aside contracts and arrangements entered into by the 
company after this appointment and, in certain circumstances, can avoid a negative pledge given by the 
company prior to this appointment. Furthermore, the examiner may sell assets, the subject of a fixed charge. 
However, if such power is exercised the examiner must account to the holders of the fixed charge for the 
amount realised and discharge the amount due to the holders of the fixed charge out of the proceeds of the 
sale. 
During the period of protection, the examiner will formulate proposals for a compromise or scheme of 
arrangement to assist the survival of the company or the whole or any part of its undertaking as a going 
concern. A scheme of arrangement may be approved by the relevant Irish court when at least one class of 
creditors has voted in favour of the proposals and the relevant Irish court is satisfied that such proposals are 
fair and equitable in relation to any class of members or creditors who have not accepted the proposals and 
whose interests would be impaired by implementation of the scheme of arrangement. 
In considering proposals by the examiner, it is likely that secured and unsecured creditors would form 
separate classes of creditors. In the case of the Issuer, if the Trustee represented the majority in number and 
value of claims within the secured creditor class, the Trustee would be in a position to reject any proposal not 
in favour of the ETP Securityholders. The Trustee would also be entitled to argue at the relevant Irish court 
hearing at which the proposed scheme of arrangement is considered that the proposals are unfair and 
inequitable in relation to the ETP Securityholders, especially if such proposals included a writing down to the 
value of amounts due by the Issuer to the ETP Securityholders.  
The fact that the Issuer is a special purpose vehicle and that, with the exception of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the LS Margin Account Agreement, all of its liabilities should be of a limited recourse nature means 
that it is unlikely that an examiner would be appointed to the Issuer. 
However, if, for any reason, an examiner were appointed while any amounts due by the Issuer under the 
ETP Securities were unpaid, the primary risks to the ETP Securityholders are as follows: 
(a) 
the potential for a compromise or scheme of arrangement being approved involving the writing down 
or rescheduling of the debt due by the Issuer to the ETP Securityholders as secured by the Security 
Documents; 
(b) 
the Trustee, acting for and on behalf of the secured creditors, would not be able to enforce rights 
against the Issuer during the period of examinership; 
(c) 
the potential for the examiner to seek to set aside any negative pledge in the ETP Securities 
prohibiting the creation of security or the incurring of borrowings by the Issuer to enable the examiner 
to borrow to fund the Issuer during the protection period; and 
(d) 
in the event that a scheme of arrangement is not approved and the Issuer subsequently goes into 
liquidation, the examiner’s remuneration and expenses (including certain borrowings incurred by the 
examiner on behalf of the Issuer and approved by the relevant Irish court) will take priority over the 
moneys and liabilities which from time to time are or may become due, owing or payable by the Issuer 
to each of the secured creditors under the ETP Securities or the Programme Documents. 
The impact of such risks for ETP Securityholders is that the value of the ETP Securities may be negatively 
impacted or the ETP Securityholder may receive less, or substantially less than their initial investment. 
9. 
Legal, Regulatory and Taxation matters impacting the Issuer 
9.1 
Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
Irish tax law is subject to changes as a result of the implementation if the EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 
(Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164, “ATAD”) and the amending Directive (Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 
“ATAD II”). 
ATAD provides for anti-tax avoidance rules in the following fields: deductibility of interest, exit taxation, 
general anti-abuse rule, controlled foreign company rules and hybrid mismatches. ATAD provides for an 
“interest limitation rule” following to the recommendation contained in BEPS Action 4 which restricts the 
deductible interest of an entity. Ireland has implemented the interest limitation rule to apply to companies with 
respect to their accounting periods commencing on or after 1 January 2022. The interest limitation rule 
provides that where an entity has exceeding borrowing costs of more than EUR 3,000,000 it may only deduct 
its exceeding borrowing costs up to an amount equal to 30 per cent. of its earnings before interest, tax, 
depreciation and amortisation in the year in which they are incurred but the balance would remain available 
for carry forward, subject to certain conditions. For these purposes, “exceeding borrowing costs” mean the 
amount by which an entity’s borrowing costs exceed "interest revenues and other equivalent taxable 
revenues". If the Issuer does have exceeding borrowing costs in excess of EUR 3,000,000 in a tax year, the 
interest limitation rule may nonetheless permit the Issuer to deduct exceeding borrowing costs in an amount 
in excess of 30 per cent. (and potentially up to 100 per cent.) of its earnings before interest, tax, depreciation 
and amortisation, if certain conditions are satisfied. In particular, the Issuer should be able to deduct the full 
amount of its exceeding borrowing costs if it qualifies as a "single company worldwide group" (as defined in 
Section 835AY TCA) and does not owe any amount which gives rise to deductible interest equivalent to an 
“associated enterprise”. One of the conditions required to qualify as a “single company worldwide group” is 
that the entity is not a member of a “worldwide group” (as defined in Section 835AY TCA) (eg, it is not included 
in consolidated financial statements prepared under generally accepted accounting practice or an alternative 
body of accounting standards). As a result, the Issuer will not qualify as a “single company worldwide group” 
if it is financially consolidated by an ETP Securityholder or any other person. If the Issuer is not a “single 
company worldwide group”, the Issuer should be able to deduct the full amount of its exceeding borrowing 
costs if it is a member of a “worldwide group” and its ratio of equity to assets is greater than, equal to or within 
two percentage points of the same ratio of its “worldwide group”. If the Issuer has exceeding borrowing costs 
in excess of EUR 3,000,000 in a tax year and its ability to deduct interest in that tax year is restricted by 
Ireland’s interest limitation rule, the Issuer may have material tax liabilities in Ireland as a consequence of 
interest not being deductible in computing its profits for Irish corporation tax purposes. 
ATAD II provides for hybrid mismatch rules that result in certain payments that result in so-called ‘hybrid 
mismatch outcomes’ potentially ceasing to be fully deductible for Irish tax purposes. These rules are designed 
to neutralise arrangements where amounts payable between ‘associated entities’ are deductible from the 
income of one entity but are not taxable for the other or the same amounts are deductible for two associated 
entities. Ireland has already implemented the anti-hybrid rules provided for in ATAD II. Under Ireland’s 
legislation, associated for these purposes includes direct and indirect participation in terms of voting rights or 
capital ownership of 25 per cent. or more or an entitlement to receive 25 per cent. or more (50 per cent. in 
certain circumstances) of the profits of that entity, as well as entities that are part of the same consolidated 
group for financial accounting purposes or enterprises that have a significant influence in the management 
of the taxpayer. 
It is possible that the various aspects of ATAD and ATAD II could apply to the Issuer in certain circumstances. 
The application of such measures could potentially result in the non-deductibility of certain interest expenses 
by the Issuer, thereby resulting in increased taxes. A material increase in the overall level of taxes would 
adversely impact any amounts to be paid to investors. 
9.2 
Irish Taxation Position of the Issuer  
The Issuer has been advised that it should fall within the Irish regime for the taxation of qualifying companies 
as set out in Section 110 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 (as amended) of Ireland (“Section 110”) 
(“TCA”), and as such should be taxed only on the amount of its retained profit after deducting all amounts of 
interest and other revenue expenses due to be paid by the Issuer. If, for any reason, the Issuer is not or 
ceases to be entitled to the benefits of Section 110, or Section 110 is amended in any respect, then profits 
or losses could arise in the Issuer which could have tax effects not contemplated in the cash flows for the 
transaction and as such adversely affect the tax treatment of the Issuer and consequently the payments on 
the ETP Securities.  
Under the Finance Act 2019, the Irish Government introduced some measures which may qualify the extent 
to which interest payable in respect of results-dependent securities may be deducted for Irish tax purposes. 
The measures provide that persons which both hold 20% or more of results-dependent securities or interest

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
payable in respect of them and exercise 'significant influence' over an Irish securitisation company (such as 
the Issuer) may be treated as 'controlling' that company for Irish tax purposes. Results-dependent interest 
paid to persons who control the Issuer may only be deducted for Irish tax purposes to the extent such interest 
is paid to a person that is resident in Ireland or otherwise within the charge to Irish corporation tax or the 
interest is subject to tax in a Member State of the European Union (other than Ireland) or a jurisdiction with 
which Ireland has a double tax treaty. The term 'significant influence' is defined as meaning an ability to 
participate in the financial and operating decisions of an Irish securitisation company.  
9.3 
Taxation and no gross-up 
Each ETP Securityholder will assume and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any jurisdiction or 
governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or local taxes or other like 
assessment or charges that may be applicable to any payment to it in respect of the ETP Securities. In the 
event that any withholding or deduction for or on account of tax is imposed on payments on the ETP 
Securities, the ETP Securityholders will be subject to such tax or deduction and will not be entitled to receive 
amounts to compensate for such withholding or deduction. No Event of Default will occur as a result of any 
such withholding or deduction. 
The Issuer may become liable for tax charges whether by direct assessment or withholding. If any such event 
occurs as a result of a change in law or regulation that materially increases the cost to the Issuer of performing 
its obligations under the ETP Securities or the LS Margin Account Agreement or makes it illegal for the Issuer 
to do the same or to hold, acquire or dispose of the Collateral Assets, the ETP Securities may become subject 
to early redemption or a shortfall could arise in the amount available to meet the obligations of the Issuer 
under the ETP Securities, which in turn could negatively impact the value of the ETP Securities. 
9.4 
Change of law   
 
The Conditions of the ETP Securities are governed by Irish law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant 
ETP Securities. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
Irish law or administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant ETP Securities. Any such change 
could have a significant adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the ETP Securities.  For example, such 
changes in law may include changes in statutory, tax and regulatory regimes during the life of the ETP 
Securities, which could materially adversely impact the value of any Securities affected.     
In addition, if any change in law or regulation materially increases the cost to the Issuer of performing its 
obligations under the ETP Securities and/or the Programme Documents or makes it illegal for the Issuer to 
do the same or to hold, acquire or dispose of the Reference Assets, or otherwise materially adversely impacts 
the Issuer, the Issuer may determine to exercise its right to redeem the ETP Securities.  As a result of any 
such Mandatory Redemption Event, ETP Securityholders may receive less, or substantially less, than their 
initial investment 
9.5 
Legality of purchase  
The purchase of the ETP Securities by any prospective investor may be subject to investment law, regulations 
and/or restrictions or review by certain authorities.  The Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee, the Margin Loan 
Providers, the Broker Dealer of Record, the Authorised Participants or any Affiliate of such persons are not 
responsible for compliance by a prospective investor of such ETP Securities (whether for its own account or 
for the account of any third party) with such investment laws, regulations and/or restrictions.  There may be 
risks to such investors which acquire or hold ETP Securities in contravention of such laws, regulations and/or 
restrictions and breach of such laws, regulations and/or restrictions may have adverse consequences 
including, without limitation, adverse tax consequences for any investor, which ultimately may impact on the 
return an investor receives on the ETP Securities. 
9.6 
Recharacterisation risk 
The ETP Securities are issued in the form of debt securities and are listed as non-equity securities on each 
relevant Exchange.  The ETP Securities are not units in a collective investment scheme for the purposes of 
the Directive of 13 July 2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the coordination of laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions relating to Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable 
Securities (No 2009/65/CE), as amended.   
There can be no assurance that the courts or regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction would not apply a 
different interpretation, including recharacterising the ETP Securities as units in a collective investment

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
schedule or a fund. Any such difference in interpretation may have adverse consequences (including, without 
limitation, adverse tax consequences) for an investor, which ultimately may impact the return an investor 
receives on the ETO Securities. 
Prospective investors should consult their professional advisers on the implications, and in particular the tax 
and accounting implications, of investment in the ETP Securities and any risk of recharacterisation of the 
ETP Securities. 
9.7 
Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS) 
Prospective investors comprising a scheme which is an undertaking for collective investment in transferable 
securities subject to Directive 2009/65/EC of 13 July 2009 on the coordination of laws, regulations and 
administrative provisions relating to Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (the 
"UCITS Directive"), as amended, need to satisfy themselves that an investment in the ETP Securities would 
comply with any regulations and/or guidelines applicable to them pursuant to the UCITS Directive and any 
laws, regulations or guidelines of their jurisdiction of incorporation and would be in line with their individual 
investment objectives. Any such non-compliance may negatively impact the return such investor would 
receive on the ETP Securities. 
9.8 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 
EU Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers ("AIFMD") provides, among other things, 
that all alternative investment funds ("AIFs") must have a designated alternative investment fund manager 
("AIFM") with responsibility for portfolio and risk management.  
The requirements of AIFMD have, in general, taken effect from 22 July 2013. If, AIFMD were to apply to the 
Issuer, the Issuer would need to be appropriately regulated. AIFMD and any other changes to the regulation 
or regulatory treatment of the ETP Securities for some or all investors may negatively impact the regulatory 
position of individual investors and, in addition, have a negative impact on the price and liquidity of the ETP 
Securities affected by such rules in the secondary market.  
9.9 
Risk of Data Security Breach 
There is a risk that a security breach impacting a Programme Party could lead to a loss or theft of the Issuer’s 
or Programme Parties’ confidential data. A major data security breach could lead to significant reputational 
damage for the Issuer and/or the relevant Programme Party and result in regulatory intervention and/or fines, 
which may, in turn, negatively impact the price of the ETP Securities.   
9.10 
 ‘Brexit’  
Series of ETP Securities may be admitted to listing on an exchange or trading facility in the United Kingdom. 
Pursuant to the European Referendum Act 2015, a referendum on the United Kingdom’s membership of the 
EU was held on 23 June 2016 with the majority voting to leave the EU.  
On 29 March 2017, the UK Government exercised its right under Article 50 of the Treaty of the European 
Union to leave the EU which triggered the commencement of a negotiation process between the United 
Kingdom and the EU in respect of the arrangements for the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the EU.  On 
31 January 2020, the UK ceased to be a Member State of the EU. 
Brexit has affected and may continue to affect economic or market conditions in the UK, the EU and 
worldwide, and could contribute to volatility in the value of the Euro as well as Sterling. Brexit could lead to 
potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the UK determines which EU laws and regulations to 
replace, which to retain and, in the case of the latter, what amendments to make to such laws.  Any of these 
effects could adversely affect the Issuer’s business and negatively impact the value of the ETP Securities. 
9.11 Disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets may adversely impact the Issuer 
 
The value of the Reference Assets may be impacted by numerous factors beyond the Issuer’s control, 
including global, regional, political, economic or financial events and situations (including the Covid 19 
pandemic and Russia’s invasion of the Ukraine).  These effects include spikes in volatility, lower or negative 
interest rates, widening of credit spreads and credit deterioration.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
Disruptions and volatility in global financial markets may affect the value of the Reference Assets and/or the 
Portfolio Administrator’s ability to track an Index or pursue an Investment Policy, which may ultimately impact 
the value of the ETP Securities. 
10. 
Risk factors relating to the Programme Parties 
 
10.1 
Risks relating to the Margin Loan Provider 
(i) 
Creditworthiness of the Margin Loan Provider 
In the case of Series of ETP Securities providing Leveraged Exposures where the Reference Assets 
are Physical Assets, under the terms of the LS Margin Account Agreement entered into by the Issuer 
in connection with a Series of ETP Securities, the Issuer will pay the entire proceeds from the issue 
of such Series of ETP Securities to the Margin Loan Provider upon receipt and the Margin Loan 
Provider will extend moneys by way of credit to the Issuer which will be invested, in accordance with 
the Portfolio Administration Agreement, in Reference Assets which will be held in the Margin Account 
in order to replicate (to the degree practicable) the return on the Index referenced by such Series or 
to pursue the Investment Strategy of such Series. At the end of each Rebalance Period the Margin 
Account will be reconstituted in order to track the performance of the Index or to pursue the 
Investment Strategy, by the purchase of additional Reference Assets or the sale of existing 
Reference Assets held in the Margin Account. If additional Reference Assets are required to be 
purchased, the Margin Loan Provider will extend moneys by way of credit to the Issuer in order to 
fund such purchases. The Issuer’s ability to issue new ETP Securities of a Series or the successful 
tracking of the Index or compliance with the Investment Strategy will therefore be dependent upon 
the Margin Loan Provider’s ability to increase the amount of margin provided under the LS Margin 
Account Agreement. 
 
In the case of Series of ETP Securities providing Short Exposures where the Reference Assets are 
Physical Assets, the Issuer’s ability to issue new ETP Securities of a Series or the successful tracking 
of the Index or compliance with the Investment Strategy will be dependent on the Margin Loan 
Provider’s ability to facilitate short sales of the Reference Assets by the Issuer and to maintain such 
short positions. 
Collateral Assets in the form of cash or transferable securities will be held in an account of the Margin 
Loan Provider in the name of the Issuer. Where the Collateral Assets consist of assets other than 
cash or transferable securities, it may be held in the name of the Issuer or under the control of the 
Margin Loan Provider. 
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the ETP Securities may be dependent 
upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the Margin Loan Provider for the Series (if the Collateral 
Assets are so held). Consequently, the ETP Securityholders are relying not only on the 
creditworthiness of the Collateral Assets, but also on the creditworthiness of the Margin Loan 
Provider in respect of the performance of its obligations for such Series of ETP Securities. 
(ii) 
Change of Law 
If, due to a change of applicable law or regulation, it becomes illegal for the Margin Loan Provider to 
perform its obligations under the LS Margin Account Agreement, the LS Margin Account Agreement 
will terminate. There is therefore a risk that if the Issuer is unable to find a replacement Margin Loan 
Provider the ETP Securities of the relevant Series will fall for mandatory early redemption.  In such 
a situation the relevant ETP Securities will be redeemed at the Mandatory Redemption Amount. It is 
possible that such amount may be less than an investor’s initial investment. 
(iii) 
Provision of information 
None of the Issuer, any Programme Party or any Affiliate of any such persons makes any 
representation as to the credit quality of the Margin Loan Provider or any Collateral Assets. Any of 
such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the ETP Securities may acquire, non-public 
information in relation to the Margin Loan Provider and/or the Collateral Assets which could have an 
adverse effect on the value of the ETP Securities. None of such persons are under any obligation to 
make such information directly available to ETP Securityholders. None of the Issuer, any Programme 
Party or any Affiliate of any such persons are under any obligation to make available any information

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
relating to, or keep under review on the ETP Securityholders’ behalf, the business, financial 
conditions, prospects, creditworthiness or state of affairs of the Margin Loan Provider or any 
issuer/obligor in relation to any Collateral Assets or conduct any investigation or due diligence 
thereon or to monitor such Margin Loan Provider. 
(iv) 
Business relationships and capacity of the Margin Loan Provider 
The Margin Loan Provider and any of its Affiliates may have existing or future business relationships 
with any Authorised Participant (including, but not limited to, lending, depository, risk management, 
advisory and banking relationships) and will pursue actions and take steps that they deem or it deems 
necessary or appropriate to protect their or its interests arising therefrom without regard to the 
consequences for an ETP Securityholder. In addition, the Margin Loan Provider and any of its 
Affiliates may make a market or hold positions in respect of any of the ETP Securities. From time to 
time, the Margin Loan Provider and its Affiliates may own significant amounts of ETP Securities 
issued under the Programme.  
There are no restrictions on the future business operations or activities of the Margin Loan Provider, 
and, accordingly, the ability of the Margin Loan Provider to meet its obligations under the LS Margin 
Account Agreement may be adversely affected depending on such future business operations or 
activities (the “Business Changes”). The Arranger will not be responsible for updating any 
Programme Party, including the Portfolio Administrator, of any Business Changes and shall not be 
responsible for any adverse effects of such Business Changes on the ETP Securities. 
The Margin Loan Provider and/or any of its Affiliates may engage in trading for their proprietary 
accounts, for other accounts under their management or to facilitate transactions, including block 
transactions, on behalf of customers relating to one or more assets that underlie the Index or 
Investment Strategy to which a Series of ETP Securities is linked. Any of these activities in which the 
Margin Loan Provider and/or its Affiliates engage could have an adverse impact on the value of the 
ETP Securities by affecting the price of such constituent assets(s).  
The Margin Loan Provider and its Affiliates may actively trade futures contracts and options on assets 
that underlie the Index or Investment Strategy linked to Series of ETP Securities, over-the-counter 
contracts on those assets and other instruments and derivative products based on such assets. Any 
such trading by the Margin Loan Provider and its Affiliates and unaffiliated third parties could 
adversely affect the value of the Reference Assets to which certain Series of ETP Securities are 
linked, which could in turn affect the return on, and the value of, such Series of ETP Securities.  
The Margin Loan Provider and/or its Affiliates may also issue or underwrite other securities or 
financial or derivative instruments linked to the commodity indices or equity indices referenced by 
certain Series of ETP Securities, which might compete with the ETP Securities of such Series. By 
introducing competing products into the marketplace in this manner, the Margin Loan Provider and/or 
its Affiliates could adversely affect the market value of certain ETP Securities, and therefore the 
amount payable on such ETP Securities on the stated maturity date or any early redemption date, 
as applicable, and the value of such ETP Securities before that date. To the extent that the Margin 
Loan Provider and/or its Affiliates serve as issuer, agent or underwriter of, or as margin loan providers 
in relation to, those securities or other similar instruments, their interests with respect to those 
products may be adverse to the interests of an ETP Securityholder.  
The Margin Loan Provider and its Affiliates may in the future publish research reports with respect to 
some or all of the Indices linked to certain Series of ETP Securities or the assets underling such 
Indices. This research may be modified from time to time without notice and may express opinions 
or provide recommendations that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the ETP Securities. The 
research should not be viewed as a recommendation or endorsement of the ETP Securities in any 
way and investors must make their own independent investigation of the merits of this investment. 
Any of these activities by the Margin Loan Provider or any of its Affiliates may affect the market price 
of the Indices to which certain Series of ETP Securities are linked or their components and the value 
of such commodity indices or such equity indices and, therefore, the market value of such ETP 
Securities.  
The Margin Loan Provider and its Affiliates may act in a number of capacities in respect of ETP 
Securities issued under the Programme including, without limitation, Portfolio Administrator. The 
Margin Loan Provider and its Affiliates acting in such capacities in connection with such ETP 
Securities will have only the duties and responsibilities expressly agreed to by such entities in the

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
relevant capacity and will not, by virtue of acting in any other capacity, be deemed to have other 
duties or responsibilities or be deemed to hold a standard of care other than as expressly provided 
with respect to each such capacity. The Margin Loan Provider and its Affiliates in their various 
capacities in connection with the ETP Securities may enter into business dealings, from which they 
may derive revenues and profits in addition to any fees, without any duty to account therefor. 
10.2 
Other business activities of Authorised Participants  
The Authorised Participants and/or their respective Affiliates may be active traders in equities and/or 
commodities markets, including in the physical markets for commodities, in the futures markets and the over-
the-counter markets. These trading activities may present a conflict between the interests of holders of the 
ETP Securities and the interests of the Authorised Participants and their respective Affiliates may have in 
their proprietary accounts, in facilitating transactions, including options and other derivatives transactions, for 
their customers and in accounts under their management. These trading activities, if they influence the value 
of an Index or Investment Strategy to which a Series of ETP Securities is linked, could be adverse to the 
interests of the ETP Securityholders. The Authorised Participants and their respective Affiliates may also 
issue or underwrite additional securities or trade other products the return on which is linked to the value of 
an Index or Investment Strategy linked to a Series of ETP Securities or other similar strategies. An increased 
level of investment in these products may negatively affect the level of an Index or Investment Strategy to 
which a Series of ETP Securities is linked and therefore the amount payable in respect of such Series of ETP 
Securities on their stated maturity date or any prior redemption date, as applicable, and the market value of 
such ETP Securities.  
These activities could give rise to conflicts of interest which are adverse to the interests of the ETP 
Securityholders and could adversely affect the market value of such ETP Securities. With respect to any of 
the activities described above, none of the Authorised Participants or any of their respective Affiliates has 
any obligation to the Issuer to take the needs of any buyers, sellers or holders of the ETP Securities into 
consideration at any time. 
10.3 
GWM Limited 
GWM Limited may act in a number of capacities in respect of ETP Securities issued under the Programme 
including, without limitation, Portfolio Administrator, Broker Dealer and Record and Authorised Participant. 
GWM Limited acting in such capacities in connection with the ETP Securities will have only the duties and 
responsibilities expressly agreed to by such entity in the relevant capacity and will not, by virtue of acting in 
any other capacity, be deemed to have other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to hold a standard of 
care other than as expressly provided with respect to each such capacity. GWM Limited in its various 
capacities in connection with the ETP Securities may enter into business dealings, from which it may derive 
revenues and profits in addition to any fees, without any duty to account therefor. 
10.4 
Determination Agent 
Calculation Agent Services LLC will act as Determination Agent. The Determination Agent will, pursuant to 
the provisions of the Determination Agency Agreement, the LS Operating Procedures Agreement and the 
Conditions, make various non-discretionary calculations, that affect the ETP Securities, including calculating, 
among other things, the ETP Security Value and the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption 
Amount or the Mandatory Redemption Amount. The value of the ETP Securities could be adversely affected 
by such calculations. In making such calculations the Determination Agent will depend upon timely and 
accurate provision of information and certain constituent values of the relevant formulae which are provided 
to the Determination Agent by various parties, including, but not limited to, the Margin Loan Provider, the 
relevant Index Sponsor and the Issuer. Any consequent variation in the value of the amounts required to be 
calculated by the Determination Agent could result in a change to value of the ETP Securities. 
10.5 
Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its functions, the Trustee will have regard to the interests of the ETP 
Securityholders as a class and will not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual ETP 
Securityholders and the Trustee will not be entitled to require, nor will any ETP Securityholder be entitled to 
claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise 
upon individual ETP Securityholders.  
Accordingly, a situation would potentially arise whereby the Trustee takes a certain action and in doing so 
will have regard to the interests of the ETP Securityholders as a class, however such action may not be in

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
the best interests of a particular individual ETP Securityholder, for example such action may have an adverse 
tax consequence for such individual ETP Securityholder.   
10.6 
Common Ownership of Portfolio Administrator, Determination Agent, Broker Dealer of Record 
and Second Authorised Participant 
Prospective investors should be aware that GWM Limited (which may act as the Broker Dealer of Record 
and/or Portfolio Administrator and/or Second Authorised Participant in respect of certain Series of ETP 
Securities) and the Determination Agent are under the common ownership of Jose Gonzalez who is also a 
director of the Arranger.  
Where such entities are acting, they will have only the duties and responsibilities expressly agreed to by them 
in the relevant capacity and will not, by virtue of being related to an entity acting in any other capacity, be 
deemed to have other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to hold a standard of care other than as 
expressly provided with respect to each such capacity.  
For example, GWM Limited will not be responsible for the liabilities of Calculation Agent Services LLC, despite 
the fact that both entities are under common ownership.  Therefore if the Issuer has a claim against the 
Determination Agent and the Determination Agent cannot satisfy such claim in full, the Issuer shall have no 
recourse against GWM Limited in its capacity as Portfolio Administrator, Broker Dealer of Record or Second 
Authorised Participant in respect of such claim.  The value of the ETP Securities may be negatively impacted 
in such circumstances. 
10.7 
Issuer’s right to replace agents and providers 
The Issuer reserves the right to replace the Margin Loan Provider, the Portfolio Administrator, the Trustee, 
the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Determination Agent, the Broker Dealer of Record and any 
other agents or providers herein at its sole discretion, without the consent of the Trustee or the ETP 
Securityholders, in order to ensure the efficient operation of the Programme. Accordingly, a situation could 
arise whereby an agent or service provider is appointed by the Issuer, however such appointment would not 
otherwise have taken place if the consent of the Trustee or the ETP Securityholders was required (as the 
Trustee or ETP Securityholders would not have consented to such appointment). 
For example, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Trustee or the ETP Securityholders, appoint a 
replacement margin loan provider (the “Replacement Margin Loan Provider”). The Replacement Margin 
Loan Provider may engage in trading for their proprietary accounts or for other accounts under their 
management in relation to one or more assets that underlie the Index or Investment Strategy to which a 
Series of ETP Securities is linked. Any of these activities in which the Replacement Margin Loan Provider 
engages could have an adverse impact on the value of the ETP Securities by affecting the price of such 
constituent assets.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW OF THE ETP SECURITIES 
Overview of the ETP Securities 
 
The Issuer may from time to time issue collateralised exchange traded securities under the Programme, that 
seek to either track an Index providing exposure to one or more Reference Assets or pursue an Investment 
Strategy which will reference one or more Reference Assets on the terms set out in this Base Prospectus in 
the section headed "Terms and Conditions of the ETP Securities", as completed in respect of each Series of 
ETP Securities by the Final Terms relating to such ETP Securities. 
 
The Index-linked Series of ETP Securities will track the performance of the Index referenced by that Series, 
as the ETP Security Value will reflect the value of the Collateral Assets which will be selected in order to 
replicate (to the degree practicable) the return of the Index referenced by such Series in accordance with the 
Leverage Factor of such Series of ETP Securities. 
 
With respect to Series of ETP Securities which pursue an Investment Strategy, the ETP Security Value will 
reflect the value of the Collateral Assets which will be selected in accordance with the Investment Strategy 
taking into account the applicable Leverage Factor (as defined below).  
 
Post issuance information in relation to composition of the Collateral Assets of each Series of ETP Securities 
will be detailed daily on the Issuer’s website www.leverageshares.com. 
 
Leveraged Exposures, Short Exposures and Normal Exposures 
 
Series of ETP Securities can offer leveraged long exposure (“Leveraged Exposures”), short inverse 
exposure (“Short Exposures”) or +1x exposure (“Normal Exposures”) to the Reference Assets. For the 
Leveraged Exposures and the Short Exposures, the degree of leverage or inverse leverage will be either 
embedded (i) in the Index or the Investment Strategy; or (ii) directly in the ETP Securities. The degree of 
leverage provided by a Series of ETP Securities will be reflected in a leverage factor which shall be specified 
in the Final Terms (the “Leverage Factor”).  
 
Where the Series of ETP Securities provides a Leveraged Exposure or Normal Exposure, this means that 
the ETP Security Value will increase on any day on which the value of the Reference Assets increases, and 
will decrease if the value of the Reference Assets falls on such day (in each case excluding the effects of any 
applicable fees and adjustments). 
 
Where the Series of ETP Securities provides a Short Exposure, this means that the ETP Security Value will 
increase on any day on which the value of the Reference Assets decreases, and will decrease if the value of 
the Reference Assets increases on such day (in each case excluding the effects of any applicable fees and 
adjustments). 
 
Exposure to the Reference Assets  
 
For Index-linked Series of ETP Securities, the Issuer will seek to replicate the performance of the Index by 
generating an equivalent exposure to the Reference Assets while also taking into account the Leverage 
Factor. For Series of ETP Securities which pursue an Investment Strategy, the net proceeds of issuance 
shall be invested in the Reference Assets referenced by such Investment Strategy taking into account the 
applicable Leverage Factor.  
 
The following is a description of the manner in which the exposure to the relevant Reference Assets will be 
generated when the ETP Securities provide a Leveraged Exposure and Short Exposure to Physical Assets 
and futures contracts.  
 
Leveraged Exposures where the Reference Assets are Physical Assets 
 
For Series which offer leveraged exposures, the leverage is achieved by borrowing from the Margin Loan 
Provider. 
 
The Portfolio Administrator will instruct the Margin Loan Provider, on behalf of the Issuer, to invest the net 
proceeds of issuance and the Leveraged Investment Amount in the Reference Asset of such Series in order

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
to replicate (to the degree practicable) the return of the Index referenced by such Series or to pursue the 
Investment Strategy of such Series, taking into account the applicable Leverage Factor. Amounts standing 
to the credit of the Margin Account from time to time, to the extent not required to be invested in Reference 
Assets to replicate the return of the Index or to pursue the Investment Strategy, may at the discretion of the 
Portfolio Administrator be maintained as cash balances in the Margin Account or invested in Ancillary Assets. 
 
Short Exposures where the Reference Assets are Physical Assets 
 
The Issuer will seek to replicate the performance of the Index or pursue the Investment Strategy by taking 
short positions through engaging in short selling transactions with respect to the Reference Assets.  The 
Issuer will take short positions by borrowing the Reference Assets, at a cost, from the Margin Loan Provider 
and selling such Reference Assets at the current market price. The proceeds of the sale (the “Sale Price”) 
will be deposited into the Margin Account.   
The Issuer will profit from such short selling transaction if it can re-purchase the Reference Assets at a lower 
price in the future and return the borrowed Reference Asset to the Margin Loan Provider. The Issuer will 
suffer a loss if the re-purchase price costs more than the Sale Price.  
The net proceeds of the issue of such Series will be held in the Margin Account to satisfy the initial margin 
requirements of the Margin Loan Provider. 
The Issuer must maintain the initial margin and maintenance margin requirements of the Margin Loan 
Provider.  The initial margin is the amount of money that needs to be held in the Margin Account at the time 
the short selling transaction is entered into, and the maintenance margin is the amount that must be in the 
account at any point after the initial transaction.  
The net proceeds of the issue of the relevant Series will constitute the initial margin and the proceeds of the 
sale of the Reference Assets will also be held in the Margin Account to satisfy the maintenance margin 
requirements. 
Leveraged Exposures where the Reference Assets are Futures Contracts 
The Issuer will seek to replicate the performance of the Index or pursue the Investment Strategy by taking 
long positions in the futures contract. The Issuer will take long positions by acting as the buyer of the futures 
contract.  
By taking a long position, the value of the Issuer’s position in the futures contract will increase if the price of 
the underlying asset increases. Conversely, the Issuer will be required to make payments to the extent that 
the price of underlying asset decreases over the term of the futures contract. The potential loss of the Issuer 
in respect of any long position is limited to the amount of the contract settlement price.  
Short Exposures where the Reference Assets are Futures Contracts 
The Issuer will seek to replicate the performance of the Index or pursue the Investment Strategy by taking 
short positions in the futures contracts. The Issuer will take short positions by acting as the seller of futures 
contracts.  
By taking a short position, the value of the Issuer’s position in the futures contract will increase if the price of 
the underlying asset decreases. Conversely, the Issuer will be required to make payments to the extent that 
the price of underlying asset increases over the term of the futures contract.  
Limiting Losses on Leveraged and Short Exposures 
Any losses incurred on the Leveraged Exposures and Short Exposures will lead to a reduction in the amount 
of Collateral Assets. The Portfolio Administrator will be responsible for monitoring the potential losses on the 
Leveraged Exposures and Short Exposures to ensure that they do not exceed the amount of the Collateral 
Assets. 
At the end of each Rebalance Period, each Margin Account will be reconstituted, in accordance with the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement, in order to track the performance of the relevant Index or to ensure 
leverage levels are in line with the relevant Investment Strategy. This will be achieved (i) where the Reference

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
Assets are Physical Assets, by the purchase of additional Reference Assets or the sale of the existing 
Reference Assets of such Index or Investment Strategy; and (ii) where the Reference Assets are futures 
contracts, by rolling them forward before their expiry. 
In addition, as defined in the Index or Investment Strategy methodology in respect of a Series of ETP 
Securities, there is a possibility of the occurrence of an Unscheduled Rebalance (as defined below). During 
a Rebalance Period in which an Unscheduled Rebalance is triggered, the Rebalance Period return of the 
relevant Series of ETP Securities will not be equal to the Leverage Factor of such Series multiplied by the 
Rebalance Period price change of the respective Reference Assets. Such unscheduled adjustment seeks to 
protect the holder of ETP Securities providing Leveraged Exposure or Short Exposure in the event of extreme 
market movements during Rebalance Periods by crystallising the losses incurred up to that point.  
"Unscheduled Rebalance" means an unscheduled rebalance occurring on a Valuation Date on which the 
rebalancing mechanism built in the relevant Index or Investment Strategy in respect of a Series of ETP 
Securities has been triggered by a change in the price of the corresponding Reference Asset of such Index 
or Investment Strategy by more than the relevant trigger level for the Index or Investment Strategy in 
accordance with its methodology. 
 
Rebalance Period return and simulated examples 
 
Each ETP Security offering Leveraged Exposure or Short Exposure has a Rebalance Period as set out in the 
Final Terms. At the end of such Rebalance Period, the Portfolio Administrator will instruct the Margin Loan 
Provider to buy or sell Reference Assets in such amounts as may be required so that, at the beginning of the 
immediately following Rebalancing Period, the ETP Securities offer their Leveraged Exposure or Short 
Exposure to the Reference Assets determined by their stated Leverage Factor. If the Rebalance Period is 
longer than a day, the exposure of such ETP Securities to their Reference Assets will not be rebalanced daily 
to maintain such exposure constant by reference to the Leverage Factor. As such, the effective level of 
Leveraged Exposure or Short Exposure offered by such ETP Securities, as the case may be, will vary on 
each day of the Rebalance Period as prices of the Reference Assets fluctuate and subscriptions and 
redemptions are fulfilled by the Issuer on a daily basis. 
Simulated Examples 
For the purposes of this sub-section and the simulated examples below, “ETP Security” will refer to 
ETP Securities offering Leveraged Exposure or Short Exposure with a Rebalance Period of one day. 
Each ETP Security is "daily leveraged" in that on any given day, the change in the ETP Security Value 
(excluding the effects of any applicable fees and adjustments) will reflect the performance of the relevant 
Index or Investment Strategy on that day. The ETP Securities seek to track the relevant Index’s return or 
pursue the relevant Investment Strategy for a single Valuation Date only, as measured from the closing price 
on that Valuation Date to the closing price on the immediately following Valuation Date, and not for any other 
period. The return of ETP Securities for a period longer than one day is the result of its return for each day 
compounded over all days in that period.   
The simulated returns included in the charts set out below are included merely as examples of possible 
eventualities in order to demonstrate the relationship between the price of ETP Securities (in each case 
excluding the effects of any applicable fees, adjustments and the principal protection component, and 
assuming that no Disruption Event or Adjustment Event occurs) and the performance of the relevant 
Reference Asset.  
The charts below illustrate, for a simulated Series of ETP Securities with Leverage Factors of 3x and -1x, 
which reference hypothetical daily returns for the same Index or Investment Strategy; (i) how daily returns 
are calculated on each Valuation Date (Chart 1) and (ii) how the ETP Security Value can develop over periods 
of more than one Valuation Date (Chart 2).  For comparison purposes, the simulated examples below exclude 
the effects of any applicable fees and adjustments.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
 
Chart 1 – Daily Return of Simulated ETP Securities  
 
 
Chart 2 – Price of Simulated ETP Securities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Daily Return of Simulated ETP Securities 
13% 
11% 
9% 
7% 
5% 
3% 
1% 
-1% 
-3% 
-5% 
Reference Asset 
3x ETP 
-1x ETP 
Day 1 
Day 3 
Day 2 
Reference Asset 
3x ETP 
-1x ETP 
Day 1 
Day 3 
Day 2 
Price of Simulated ETP Securities 
£120.00 
£115.00 
£110.00 
£105.00 
£100.00 
£95.00 
£90.00 
Day 4 
£100.00 
£109.00 
£103.00 
£97.00 
£102.46 
£98.94 
£100.94 
£94.98 
£100.98 
£114.76

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chart 3 
 
 
Chart 3 shows how the stock of Apple, Inc., performed between 31 December 2018 and  31 December 2022. 
It also shows the performance of a simulated NYSE 3X Daily Leveraged Apple Shares Index and NYSE -1X 
Daily Leveraged Apple Shares Index over the same period (which for comparison purposes excludes the 
effects of applicable fees and adjustments). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Charts 4.a and 4.b show the impact of an Unscheduled Rebalance of the ETP Securities in two hypothetical 
scenarios.  The Unscheduled Rebalance is a mechanism which only occurs in the event of an extreme price 
movement in the Reference Asset, as defined in the Index or Investment Strategy methodology for the 
relevant Series of ETP Securities. In this scenario, the relevant Series of ETP Securities undergoes an 
Unscheduled Rebalance when the Reference Asset experiences a specified percentage decline in price on 
an intraday basis.  This Unscheduled Rebalance follows the same mechanics as the standard end of day 
rebalance, effectively “resetting” the ETP Security’s leveraged exposure back to the Leverage Factor 
applicable to such Series of ETP Securities. In the event that an Unscheduled Rebalance is triggered, the 
return of the ETP Security on the day in which the Unscheduled Rebalance occurred is expected to differ 
from the daily performance of the Reference Asset multiplied by the Leverage Factor, more so than it would 
on a day in which no Unscheduled Rebalance occurred. This performance difference is illustrated in Charts 
4.a and 4.b below. 
0 
500 
1000 
1500 
2000 
2500 
3000 
Cumulative Return % 
Date 
Relative Performance of  
Apple Inc (AAPL) Equity Total Return vs.  
NYSE 3x Daily Leveraged Apple Shares Index vs.  
NYSE -1x Daily Leveraged Apple Shares Index 
31/12/2018 to 31/12/2022 
Apple Inc (AAPL) Equity Total Return 
NYSE 3x Daily Leveraged Apple Shares Index 
NYSE -1x Daily Leveraged Apple Shares Index

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
 
 
Chart 4.a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chart 4.b 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As a consequence of the leveraged returns over periods longer than one day (excluding the effects of any 
applicable fees and adjustments):  
(a) the return of such ETP Securities will likely differ from the product of the Reference Asset return and the 
Leverage Factor; and  
84
86
88
90
92
94
96
98
100
102
Price Level
Time
Performance Impact of Unscheduled Rebalance (Scenario 1 - Single Day 
Sustained Decline)
3x ETP Return (Intraday Rebalance)
Hypothetical 3x Return

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
(b) an ETP Security will lose value if the relevant Reference Asset’s performance is flat (i.e. has a zero or 
close to zero return); and  
(c) it is possible for an ETP Security with Leveraged Exposure to the relevant Reference Asset to lose value 
even if the relevant Reference Asset’s return is positive. Similarly it is possible for an ETP Security with a 
Short Exposure to the relevant Reference Asset to lose value even if the relevant Reference Asset’s return 
is negative; and  
(d) the risks in (a) to (c) will be magnified for longer holding periods, higher Reference Asset volatility and 
higher leverage.  
The examples below (which for comparison exclude the effects of any applicable fees and adjustments) 
illustrate how simulated ETP Securities, which track hypothetical daily returns of a Reference Asset, can 
behave over periods longer than one day. Each example shows simulated ETP Securities with Leverage 
Factors of 2x, 3x, and -1x tracking the same hypothetical Reference Asset. In each example, the return on 
the ETP Securities for each day is equal to the product of the return of the Reference Asset for that day and 
the relevant Leverage Factor. 
Examples of the return of such ETP Securities differing from the product of the Reference Asset’s 
return and the Leverage Factor 
 
Example (a.1) below shows a hypothetical scenario of a sideways trending market, which corresponds to a 
pattern in which the market moves in a relatively narrow range and where the initial level and final level of 
the market over the relevant period is similar. The bottom two rows in the table show (1) the cumulative return 
of the simulated ETP Securities and the hypothetical Reference Asset measured over a five-day period, and 
(2) the cumulative return of the Reference Asset over that five-day period multiplied by the Leverage Factor 
of each such ETP Securities (the "Reference Asset Leveraged Return"). 
 
Although the simulated daily return on the ETP Securities for each of the five days is equal to the product of 
the return of the Reference Asset for that day and the applicable Leverage Factor, over the entire five-day 
period the cumulative return of each simulated ETP Security is different to the Reference Asset Leveraged 
Return. Due to the nature of compounded daily leveraged returns over more than one day, this result is typical 
of a flat or sideways trending market.  
 
Example (a.1)  
  
 
Period 
  
  
Leverage 
Factor 
Reference 
Asset 
ETP Security 
1x 
2x 
3x 
-1x 
  
  
Day 1 
Beginning 
Value 
£100.00 
£100.00 
£100.00 
£100.00 
Return 
4.00% 
8.00% 
12.00% 
-4.00% 
Ending Value 
£104.00 
£108.00 
£112.00 
£96.00 
  
Day 2 
Return 
-5.00% 
-10.00% 
-15.00% 
5.00% 
Ending Value 
£98.80 
£97.20 
£95.20 
£100.80 
  
Day 3 
Return 
3.00% 
6.00% 
9.00% 
-3.00% 
Ending Value 
£101.76 
£103.03 
£103.77 
£97.78 
  
Day 4 
Return 
5.00% 
10.00% 
15.00% 
-5.00% 
Ending Value 
£106.85 
£113.34 
£119.33 
£92.89 
  
Day 5 
Return 
-4.00% 
-8.00% 
-12.00% 
4.00% 
Ending Value 
£102.58 
£104.27 
£105.01 
£96.60

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
Entire 5-day 
period 
Cumulative 
Return 
2.58% 
4.27% 
5.01% 
-3.40% 
Theoretical 
Return = 
Cumulative 
Return of 
Reference 
Asset x 
Product 
Leverage 
Factor 
  
  
2.58% 
  
  
5.16% 
  
  
7.73% 
  
  
-2.58% 
Difference 
Cumulative 
Return - 
Theoretical 
Return 
0.00% 
-0.89% 
-2.72% 
-0.82% 
 
Example (a.2) below shows a hypothetical scenario in which the market is trending in one direction (in this 
case upwards). The five-day cumulative return of the simulated ETP Securities "outperforms" the five-day 
return of the Reference Asset Leveraged Return. This is seen where the simulated ETP Securities have 
higher (more positive) returns than the relevant Reference Asset Leveraged Return. 
 
Example (a.2)  
 
  
Period 
  
  
Leverage 
Factor 
Reference 
Asset 
ETP Security 
1x 
2x 
3x 
-1x 
  
  
Day 1 
Beginning 
Value 
£100.00 
£100.00 
£100.00 
£100.00 
Return 
5.00% 
10.00% 
15.00% 
-5.00% 
Ending Value 
£105.00 
£110.00 
£115.00 
£95.00 
  
Day 2 
Return 
6.00% 
12.00% 
18.00% 
-6.00% 
Ending Value 
£111.30 
£123.20 
£135.70 
£89.30 
  
Day 3 
Return 
-1.00% 
-2.00% 
-3.00% 
1.00% 
Ending Value 
£110.19 
£120.74 
£131.63 
£90.19 
  
Day 4 
Return 
5.00% 
10.00% 
15.00% 
-5.00% 
Ending Value 
£115.70 
£132.81 
£151.37 
£85.68 
  
Day 5 
Return 
7.00% 
14.00% 
21.00% 
-7.00% 
Ending Value 
£123.80 
£151.40 
£183.16 
£79.69 
Entire 5-day 
period 
Cumulative 
Return 
23.80% 
51.40% 
83.16% 
-20.31% 
Theoretical 
Return = 
Cumulative 
Return of 
Reference 
Asset x 
Product 
Leverage 
Factor 
  
  
23.80% 
  
  
47.59% 
  
  
71.39% 
  
  
-23.80%

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
Difference 
Cumulative 
Return - 
Theoretical 
Return 
0.00% 
3.81% 
11.78% 
3.48% 
 
 
Example of an ETP Security losing value if the relevant Reference Asset’s performance is flat (i.e. has 
a zero or close to zero return) 
 
Example (b) below demonstrates a hypothetical scenario in which the cumulative return of the Reference 
Asset over a period longer than one day is flat (i.e. zero or close to zero). The simulated ETP Securities all 
exhibit negative cumulative returns over the period. 
 
 
Example (b) 
 
  
 
Period 
  
  
Leverage 
Factor 
Reference 
Asset 
ETP Security 
1x 
2x 
3x 
-1x 
  
  
Day 1 
Beginning 
Value 
£100.00 
£100.00 
£100.00 
£100.00 
Return 
-10.00% 
-20.00% 
-30.00% 
10.00% 
Ending Value 
£90.00 
£80.00 
£70.00 
£110.00 
  
Day 2 
Return 
11.11% 
22.22% 
33.33% 
-11.11% 
Ending Value 
£100.00 
£97.78 
£93.33 
£97.78 
Entire 2-
day period 
Cumulative 
Return 
0.00% 
-2.22% 
-6.67% 
-2.22% 
 
 
Example (c) below demonstrates a hypothetical scenario in which the cumulative return of the Reference 
Asset over a period longer than one day is positive, but the simulated ETP Securities exhibit a negative 
return. 
 
 
Example (c) 
 
  
Period 
  
  
  
  
  
Leverage Factor 
Reference 
Asset 
ETP Security 
1x 
2x 
3x 
-1x 
  
  
Day 
1 
Beginning Value 
£100.00 
£100.00 
£100.00 
£100.00 
Return 
-10.00% 
-20.00% 
-30.00% 
10.00% 
Ending Value 
£90.00 
£80.00 
£70.00 
£110.00 
  
Day 
2 
Return 
12.00% 
24.00% 
36.00% 
-12.00% 
Ending Value 
£100.80 
£99.20 
£95.20 
£96.80 
Entire 2-
day 
period 
Cumulative 
Return 
0.80% 
-0.80% 
-4.80% 
-3.20%

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
Examples of risks being magnified by longer holding periods, higher Index volatility and higher 
leverage 
 
The effect of increasing volatility 
 
The charts below show the performance of simulated ETP Securities with Leverage Factors of 3x (chart d.1) 
and -1x (chart d.2) over one year for a number of combinations of Reference Asset returns (vertical axis) and 
volatility (horizontal axis). The charts illustrate that for holding periods longer than one day (in this case one 
year), the return of ETP Securities decreases as the volatility of the Reference Asset increases (looking left 
to right), for a specified Reference Asset return. The shaded areas indicate combinations where ETP 
Securities can be expected to return less than the Reference Asset return over the one year holding period. 
 
Chart d.1 
1 year return 
of Reference 
Asset 
Reference Asset Short 
return 
(return of the Reference 
Asset multiplied by 3) 
Simulated 1 year returns of ETP with  
Leverage Factor 3x 
1 year volatility of the Reference Asset 
10% 
20% 
30% 
40% 
50% 
50.0% 
150% 
227.5% 
199.3% 
157.6% 
108.8% 
59.4% 
40.0% 
120% 
166.3% 
143.4% 
109.5% 
69.8% 
29.6% 
30.0% 
90% 
113.2% 
94.9% 
67.7% 
35.9% 
3.8% 
20.0% 
60% 
67.7% 
53.3% 
31.9% 
6.9% 
-18.4% 
10.0% 
30% 
29.2% 
18.0% 
1.6% 
-17.6% 
-37.1% 
0% 
0% 
-3.0% 
-11.3% 
-23.7% 
-38.1% 
-52.8% 
-10.0% 
-30% 
-29.3% 
-35.3% 
-44.3% 
-54.9% 
-65.6% 
-20.0% 
-60% 
-50.3% 
-54.6% 
-60.9% 
-68.3% 
-75.8% 
-30.0% 
-90% 
-66.7% 
-69.6% 
-73.8% 
-78.8% 
-83.8% 
-40.0% 
-120% 
-79.0% 
-80.8% 
-83.5% 
-86.6% 
-89.8% 
-50.0% 
-150% 
-87.9% 
-88.9% 
-90.5% 
-92.3% 
-94.1% 
 
 
 
 
Chart d.2 
1 year return 
of Reference 
Asset 
Reference Asset Short 
return 
(return of the Reference 
Asset multiplied by -1) 
Simulated 1 year returns of ETP with  
Leverage Factor -1x 
1 year volatility of the Reference Asset

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
10% 
20% 
30% 
40% 
50% 
50.0% 
-50% 
-34.0% 
-35.9% 
-39.1% 
-43.2% 
-48.1% 
40.0% 
-40% 
-29.3% 
-31.4% 
-34.7% 
-39.1% 
-44.4% 
30.0% 
-30% 
-23.8% 
-26.1% 
-29.7% 
-34.5% 
-40.1% 
20.0% 
-20% 
-17.5% 
-19.9% 
-23.8% 
-29.0% 
-35.1% 
10.0% 
-10% 
-10.0% 
-12.7% 
-16.9% 
-22.5% 
-29.2% 
0% 
0% 
-1.0% 
-3.9% 
-8.6% 
-14.8% 
-22.1% 
-10.0% 
10% 
10.0% 
6.8% 
1.5% 
-5.3% 
-13.5% 
-20.0% 
20% 
23.8% 
20.1% 
14.2% 
6.5% 
-2.6% 
-30.0% 
30% 
41.4% 
37.3% 
30.6% 
21.7% 
11.3% 
-40.0% 
40% 
65.0% 
60.1% 
52.3% 
42.0% 
29.8% 
-50.0% 
50% 
98.0% 
92.2% 
82.8% 
70.4% 
55.8% 
 
The simulation in the charts above assumes a randomly determined daily Reference Asset return ending with 
the specified cumulative Reference Asset return over one year. For ease of illustration, the returns of the 
simulated +3x and -1x ETP Securities are calculated excluding the effects of any applicable fees and 
adjustments. 
 
The effect of longer holding periods 
 
The chart below shows the performance of a simulated Reference Asset with an annualised volatility of 25% 
and simulated ETP Securities with Leverage Factors of 3x and -1x. For each holding period (horizontal axis) 
and each cumulative return of the Reference Asset over such holding period (vertical axis), the chart shows 
the cumulative return of a simulated ETP Security versus the Reference Asset Leveraged Return over that 
period. The charts below illustrates that, for the same Reference Asset return, the cumulative return of ETP 
Security decreases as the holding period increases (looking left to right). The shaded areas indicate 
combinations where the relevant simulated ETP Securities can be expected to return less than the Reference 
Asset Leveraged Return over the holding period. 
 
Chart d.3 
1 year return of 
Reference 
Asset 
Reference Asset 
Leveraged Return 
(return of Reference 
Asset multiplied by 
3) 
Simulated returns of ETP with  
Leverage Factor 3x 
Length of holding period at 25% volatility 
3 Months 
6 Months 
1 Year 
2 Years 
3 Years  
50.0% 
150.0% 
222.0% 
207.3% 
179.8% 
132.0% 
92.3% 
40.0% 
120.0% 
161.8% 
149.8% 
127.5% 
88.6% 
56.3% 
30.0% 
90.0% 
109.6% 
100.0% 
82.1% 
51.0% 
25.2% 
20.0% 
60.0% 
64.9% 
57.3% 
43.3% 
18.8% 
-1.5% 
10.0% 
30.0% 
27.0% 
21.2% 
10.3% 
-8.5% 
-24.2%

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
0% 
0.0% 
-4.6% 
-8.9% 
-17.1% 
-31.3% 
-43.0% 
-10.0% 
-30.0% 
-30.4% 
-33.6% 
-39.6% 
-49.9% 
-58.5% 
-20.0% 
-60.0% 
-51.1% 
-53.4% 
-57.6% 
-64.8% 
-70.8% 
-30.0% 
-90.0% 
-67.3% 
-68.8% 
-71.6% 
-76.4% 
-80.5% 
-40.0% 
-120.0% 
-79.4% 
-80.3% 
-82.1% 
-85.2% 
-87.7% 
-50.0% 
-150.0% 
-88.1% 
-88.6% 
-89.6% 
-91.4% 
-92.9% 
 
Chart d.4 
1 year return of 
Reference 
Asset 
Reference Asset 
Leveraged Return 
(return of Reference 
Asset multiplied by -1) 
Simulated returns of ETP with  
Leverage Factor -1x 
Length of holding period at 25% volatility 
3 Months 
6 Months 
1 Year 
2 Years 
3 Years  
50.0% 
-50.0% 
-34.4% 
-35.4% 
-37.4% 
-41.2% 
-44.7% 
40.0% 
-40.0% 
-29.7% 
-30.8% 
-32.9% 
-37.0% 
-40.8% 
30.0% 
-30.0% 
-24.3% 
-25.4% 
-27.7% 
-32.1% 
-36.2% 
20.0% 
-20.0% 
-18.0% 
-19.2% 
-21.7% 
-26.5% 
-30.9% 
10.0% 
-10.0% 
-10.5% 
-11.9% 
-14.6% 
-19.8% 
-24.6% 
0% 
0.0% 
-1.6% 
-3.1% 
-6.1% 
-11.8% 
-17.1% 
-10.0% 
10.0% 
9.4% 
7.7% 
4.4% 
-1.9% 
-7.9% 
-20.0% 
20.0% 
23.1% 
21.2% 
17.4% 
10.3% 
3.6% 
-30.0% 
30.0% 
40.6% 
38.5% 
34.2% 
26.1% 
18.4% 
-40.0% 
40.0% 
64.1% 
61.5% 
56.6% 
47.1% 
38.2% 
-50.0% 
50.0% 
96.9% 
93.8% 
87.9% 
76.5% 
65.8% 
 
 
The simulation in the charts assume a randomly determined daily Reference Asset return ending with the 
indicated cumulative return over the specified holding period. For ease of illustration, the returns of the 
simulated +3x ETP Security and -1x ETP Security are calculated excluding the effects of any applicable fees 
and adjustments. 
 
ETP Security Value 
 
The ETP Security Value is calculated daily to reflect the value of the Collateral Assets in respect of a Series 
of ETP Securities and will take into account all applicable fees and expenses. On the Issue Date of the 
Tranche, the ETP Security Value will be equal to its Issue Price. On any Valuation Date thereafter (which is 
not a Disrupted Day and on which an Unscheduled Rebalance does not occur), the ETP Security Value is 
calculated as the ETP Security Value on the immediately preceding Valuation Date adjusted by (i) the change 
in the value of the Collateral Assets since such preceding Valuation Date, minus (ii) the applicable Funding 
and Brokerage Fees, minus (iii) the Arranger Fee, plus (iv) Value Adjustments (as defined below).

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
"Value Adjustments" reflect any cash lending revenues and other revenues on collateral in respect of a Series 
of ETP Securities.  
 
The Funding and Brokerage Fees reflect costs that would be incurred by a hypothetical investor seeking to 
gain the exposure offered by the relevant Series of ETP Securities. For example: 
 
• 
In order to achieve a Leveraged Exposure in a Reference Asset, a hypothetical investor must borrow 
funds at a cost in order to finance the additional investment in the Reference Asset to gain the desired 
leverage. 
 
• 
To rebalance a Leveraged Exposure, a hypothetical investor needs to either sell or buy the Reference 
Asset. In markets where transaction taxes apply on the sale or purchase of securities, such investor 
will incur the cost of the transaction taxes. 
 
• 
In order to achieve a Short Exposure in a Reference Asset, a hypothetical investor taking such Short 
Exposure must borrow the Reference Asset at a cost in order to sell it and gain the desired Short 
Exposure. 
 
• 
In order to achieve a Normal Exposure, Leveraged Exposure or Short Exposure to a Reference Asset 
consisting of a futures contract, a hypothetical investor would incur brokerage costs in opening or 
closing positions in such futures contract in order to gain the desired exposure to such Reference 
Asset.  
 
Factors affecting the ETP Security Value and the market value of the ETP Securities 
 
The ETP Security Value may be affected by a number of factors, including: 
 
i. 
the performance of the Index or Investment Strategy referenced by that Series. The performance of 
the Index or Investment Strategy referenced by a Series is affected by the following (where relevant): 
value of the Reference Assets for that Index or Investment Strategy, the level of any interest rates 
employed in the calculation of that Index or Investment Strategy, any transaction tax accounted for 
in the calculation of that Index and the degree of leverage applied under the methodology of that 
Index or Investment Strategy. The value of the Reference Assets for the Index or Investment Strategy 
will vary depending on global and regional economic performance, market sentiment, borrowing and 
lending rates, the liquidity of the Reference Assets and any other factors that may affect the ability of 
a holder of such security to value or sell their holding; 
 
ii. 
the level of the fees (including Arranger Fees) and funding and borrowing adjustments applied in 
calculating the ETP Security Value, which may be varied by agreement between the Issuer and the 
relevant Programme Party;  
 
iii. 
the occurrence of a Disruption Event, an Adjustment Event or a change in law; and 
 
iv. 
the occurrence of unscheduled rebalancing.   
 
General movements in local and international markets and factors that affect the investment climate and 
investor sentiment could all affect the level of trading and, therefore, the market price of the ETP Securities. 
The market price of the ETP Securities may also be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited 
to: 
 
i. 
with respect to Index-linked Series, the value and volatility of the Index referenced by such Series of 
ETP Securities and the assets underlying that Index; 
 
ii. 
with respect to Series which pursue an Investment Strategy, the value of the Reference Assets 
referenced by such Investment Strategy; 
 
iii. 
the degree of leverage applicable to such Series of ETP Securities; 
 
iv. 
market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates;

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
v. 
whether or not any market disruption is subsisting; 
 
vi. 
the nature and value of any Collateral Assets relating to such Series of ETP Securities; 
 
vii. 
the creditworthiness of the Margin Loan Provider, Portfolio Administrator and the Authorised 
Participants; 
 
viii. 
any fees or execution costs applicable to subscriptions for or redemptions of the ETP Securities; and 
 
ix. 
the liquidity in the ETP Securities. 
 
The ETP Security Value and the secondary market price of the ETP Securities can go down as well as up 
throughout the term of the ETP Securities. Individual equity securities are generally more volatile than prices 
in other asset classes and the secondary market price per ETP Securities which provide for Leveraged 
Exposure or Short Exposure to a Reference Asset is expected to demonstrate higher volatility than the non-
leveraged price movements of the Reference Asset. The ETP Security Value and market price of the ETP 
Securities on any Valuation Date may not reflect their prior or future performance. There can be no assurance 
as to the future value and market price of the ETP Securities. See the section of this Base Prospectus headed 
"Risk Factors" for a description of certain of the risks associated with an investment in ETP Securities. 
 
Issue Price 
 
The Issue Price in respect of a Tranche of ETP Securities will be specified in the Final Terms relating to such 
Tranche. 
 
Use of issue proceeds 
 
The net proceeds of issuance of each Series of ETP Securities on the Issue Date of such Series, or from the 
issuance of a further Tranche of any Series, will be paid to the Margin Loan Provider on behalf of the Issuer, 
and invested as follows: 
 
(a) 
in the case of Series of ETP Securities offering Leveraged Exposures where the Reference 
Assets are Physical Assets, the net proceeds of issuance and the Leveraged Investment 
Amount will be invested in the Reference Assets in order to replicate (to the degree practicable) 
the return of the Index referenced by such Series or to pursue the Investment Strategy 
referenced by such Series taking into account the applicable Leverage Factor. Amounts 
standing to the credit of the Margin Account from time to time, to the extent not required to be 
invested in Reference Assets to replicate the return of the Index or to pursue the Investment 
Strategy, taking into account the applicable Leverage Factor, may at the direction of the Portfolio 
Administrator be maintained as cash balances in the Margin Account  or invested in Ancillary 
Assets; 
 
(b) 
in the case of ETP Securities offering Normal Exposures where the Reference Assets are 
Physical Assets, the net proceeds of issuance will be invested in the Reference Assets 
referenced by the relevant Index or Investment Strategy of such Series in order to replicate (to 
the degree practicable) the return of the Index referenced by such Series or to pursue the 
Investment Strategy referenced by such Series.  Amounts standing to the credit of the Margin 
Account from time to time, to the extent not required to be invested in Reference Assets to 
replicate the return of the Index or to pursue the Investment Strategy, may at the discretion of 
the Portfolio Administrator be maintained as cash balances in the Margin Account or invested 
in Ancillary Assets;  
 
(c) 
in the case of Series of ETP Securities offering Short Exposures where the Reference Assets 
are Physical Assets, the net proceeds of issuance will be invested, at the discretion of the 
Portfolio Administrator in Ancillary Assets or maintained as cash balances and will be held in 
the Margin Account along with the proceeds of short selling the Reference Assets which shall 
be borrowed from the Margin Loan Provider in order to replicate (to the degree practicable) the 
return of the Index referenced by such Series or to pursue the Investment Strategy referenced 
by such Series, taking into account the applicable Leverage Factor, will be held in the relevant 
Margin Account with the Margin Loan Provider; and

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
(d) 
in the case of ETP Securities linked to an Index or which pursue an Investment Strategy where 
the Reference Assets are futures contracts, the net proceeds of issuance will be used to fund 
the related Margin Accounts as may be required to maintain positions in the Reference Assets 
in order to replicate (to the degree practicable) the return of the Index or to pursue the 
Investment Strategy referenced by such Series taking into account the applicable Leverage 
Factor. Amounts standing to the credit of the Margin Account may also, at the discretion of the 
Portfolio Administrator, be maintained as cash balances in the Margin Account or invested in 
Ancillary Assets. 
 
The holders of a Series of ETP Securities are entitled to the benefit of the security created over the Collateral 
Assets held in the Margin Account.  
In Specie Subscription  
 
In relation to any Subscription Order, in satisfaction of the relevant subscription amount, the Issuer may agree 
with the relevant Authorised Participant to accept the delivery to, or to the order of, the Issuer of Reference 
Assets which the Determination Agent determines have a value on the Subscription Settlement Date, after 
taking account of any costs of transfer or delivery which are to be discharged by the Issuer, which is equal to 
or greater than the subscription amount. 
 
Ancillary Assets 
 
The Portfolio Administrator may direct that amounts standing to the credit of the Margin Account, to the extent 
not required to be invested in Reference Assets to replicate the performance of the Index or to pursue the 
Investment Strategy, be maintained as cash balances in the Margin Account or invested in Ancillary Assets 
comprising sovereign debt in the currency of denomination of the ETP Securities with an original maturity of 
less than one month which is rated at least A-1 by Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, and/or P-1 by Moody's 
Investors Service Ltd. and/or F1 by Fitch Ratings Limited. 
 
Interest on the ETP Securities 
 
The ETP Securities do not bear interest at a prescribed rate. 
 
Amount payable on the maturity of the ETP Securities  
 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, each Series of ETP 
Securities will become due and payable on their Final Redemption Settlement Date at their Final Redemption 
Amount. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount of each ETP Security shall be an amount calculated by the Determination 
Agent to be equal to the greater of (a) the Principal Protection Amount of such ETP Security; and (b) the Pro-
rata Liquidation, as calculated in accordance with Condition 8. 
 
Early redemption 
 
If an Event of Default occurs in respect of a Series of ETP Securities, each ETP Security of such Series will 
become due and payable on the relevant Final Redemption Settlement Date at its Final Redemption Amount, 
subject to the Issuer having sufficient funds available, after applying the proceeds of the enforcement of the 
Security in paying all senior amounts due in accordance with the applicable orders of priority, to pay such 
amounts in full. 
 
Optional redemption of ETP Securities by ETP Securityholders 
 
ETP Securities may be applied for and redeemed on any Valuation Date, but the requisite application and 
redemption notices and orders may only be given by Authorised Participants. All other persons must buy and 
sell ETP Securities through trading on the stock exchange(s) on which such ETP Securities are admitted to 
trading. 
 
An ETP Securityholder which is also an Authorised Participant may on any Valuation Date require the Issuer 
to redeem all or part of its holding of ETP Securities of a Series at the Optional Redemption Amount on the 
relevant Optional Redemption Settlement Date by submitting to the Issuer a valid Redemption Order in

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and the LS Operating Procedures 
Agreement. 
 
An ETP Securityholder of any Series which is not also an Authorised Participant may require the Issuer to 
redeem all or any part of its holding of such ETP Securities at the Optional Redemption Amount only if the 
Issuer has notified the ETP Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 in respect of any Valuation Date 
that redemption requests from ETP Securityholders which are not Authorised Participants will be permitted 
and no later notice to the contrary has been delivered. 
 
Any ETP Security that is subject to Optional Redemption in accordance with Condition 8.2 will become due 
and payable on the relevant Optional Redemption Settlement Date at its Optional Redemption Amount, being 
an amount per ETP Security as calculated by the Determination Agent equal to the greater of: 
 
(A) 
the Principal Protection Amount of an ETP Security; and 
(B) 
the Pro-rata Liquidation. 
 
In Specie Redemption  
 
The Issuer may in accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and the LS Operating 
Procedures Agreement agree with any ETP Securityholder which is also an Authorised Participant to satisfy 
any requests for the Optional Redemption of any ETP Securities by the transfer to, or to the order of, such 
ETP Securityholder on the Optional Redemption Settlement Date of Collateral Assets with a value determined 
by the Determination Agent to be equal to the Optional Redemption Amount. 
 
Mandatory redemption 
 
If a Mandatory Redemption Event occurs in respect of a Series of ETP Securities, each ETP Security of such 
Series will become due and payable on the Mandatory Redemption Settlement Date at its Mandatory 
Redemption Amount.  
 
Funding of payments due to the holders of the ETP Securities 
 
The Issuer will fund any payment(s) due to the holder of an ETP Security (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Mandatory Redemption Amount due 
in respect of such ETP Security) from the liquidation of the Collateral Assets held in the Margin Account. The 
Issuer’s ability to pay to the holder of an ETP Security any amounts due in respect of such ETP Security is 
entirely dependent on the liquidation of the Collateral Assets.  
 
If, following the liquidation in full of the Collateral Assets relating to a Series of ETP Securities there are any 
outstanding claims against the Issuer in respect of such Series of ETP Securities (other than claims of the 
Margin Loan Provider), then such outstanding claims will be extinguished and no debt will be owed by the 
Issuer in respect thereof. 
 
Taxation and no gross-up 
 
Each ETP Securityholder will assume and be solely responsible for any and all Taxes of any jurisdiction or 
governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or local Taxes or other like 
assessment or charges that may be applicable to any payment to it in respect of the ETP Securities. In the 
event that any withholding or deduction for or on account of Tax is imposed on payments on the ETP 
Securities, the ETP Securityholders will be subject to such Tax or deduction and will not be entitled to receive 
amounts to compensate for such withholding or deduction. No Event of Default will occur as a result of any 
such withholding or deduction. 
 
Transfers of Collateral Assets, and payments made to the Issuer under the LS Margin Account Agreement 
in relation to a Series of ETP Securities may be subject to charges, withholding or deduction for, or on account 
of, Taxes. In such circumstances the sums available to the Issuer (and/or the Trustee) to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount or the Mandatory Redemption Amount may not be 
sufficient to satisfy in full the claims of the ETP Securityholders and all creditors whose claims rank in priority 
to those of the ETP Securityholders. 
 
Fees

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
The sections of this Base Prospectus entitled “Description of the Indices” and “Description of the Investment 
Strategies” set out the fees payable in respect of the various Series of ETP Securities. 
Summary of the operating procedures relating to the subscription and redemption of the ETP 
Securities  
Acceptance and validation of Dealing Orders 
Only an Authorised Participant may send Subscription Orders or Redemption Orders to the Issuer (each, a 
“Dealing Order”), save that in the exceptional circumstances described in Condition 8, ETP Securityholders 
other than Authorised Participants may redeem ETP Securities. 
 
An Authorised Participant will lodge Dealing Orders by completing a dealing order form (a “Dealing Order 
Form”) and sending it to the Agent designated in the LS Operating Procedures Agreement (the “Dealing 
Order Agent”). The Dealing Order Agent will accept Subscription Orders or Redemption Orders on behalf 
of the Issuer on any day that is an Exchange Business Day for the relevant ETP Securities (such day, a 
“Dealing Order Day”).  
 
The Dealing Order Agent will perform certain validation checks on the Dealing Order Form and confirm 
with the Authorised Participant that the order has been received. Upon a determination that a Dealing 
Order Form is valid the Dealing Order Agent will send a dealing order notice (a “Dealing Order Notice”) 
to the Portfolio Administrator. The Portfolio Administrator will review the Dealing Order Notice and will 
send notification to the Dealing Order Agent that it has either (i)  accepted the Dealing Order Notice; (ii) 
rejected the Dealing Order Notice; or (iii) partially accepted the Dealing Order Notice, in which case it will 
provide an explanation for the partial rejection. 
 
The Dealing Order Agent will then revert to the Authorised Participant with a validation of the Dealing Order 
(the “Dealing Order Validation”) and confirm whether the Dealing Order Notice has been accepted in whole 
or in part by the Portfolio Administrator. The Dealing Order Validation does not constitute confirmation of 
any purchase, sale or entering into any position with respect to the Reference Assets, as applicable, by the 
Portfolio Administrator or any drawdown from the Margin Loan Provider or repayment to the Margin Loan 
Provider, where relevant, by the Portfolio Administrator. 
 
Any Dealing Order (in  respect  of  which   a  Dealing  Order  Validation  is so submitted to the Authorised 
Participant by the Dealing Order Agent) will become a “Valid Dealing Order” on the Dealing Order Day at 
the time designated in the LS Operating Procedures Agreement. 
 
The Dealing Order Agent will send a valid Dealing Order Notice to the Determination Agent on the Dealing 
Order Day in order to populate pricing and cash consideration by 9am Dublin time the next day (Dealing Day 
+1).  
 
Establishing the Subscription Amount/Optional Redemption Amount 
 
On Dealing Order Day +1, the Determination Agent will: 
 
• 
send the ETP Security Value to the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Portfolio Administrator;   
 
• 
populate a dealing order notice form to include the ETP Security Value and the Subscription Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, relevant to the ETP Securities being 
purchased or redeemed and send the completed dealing order notice form to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent with the pricing and the cash consideration amount per Dealing Order; and 
 
• 
once the Issuing and Paying Agent confirms the Subscription Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, per Dealing Order, the Issuing and Paying Agent will send a 
completed confirmation form in respect of each Dealing Order (a “Dealing Order Confirmation 
Form”) to the Authorised Participant and Portfolio Administrator as confirmation of the settlement 
amounts required.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
Procedures in respect of the Portfolio Administrator and the Margin Loan Provider 
 
Where the Issuing and Paying Agent has issued a Dealing Order Confirmation Form to the Authorised 
Participant: 
 
• 
the Portfolio Administrator or the Dealing Order Agent shall notify the Margin Loan Provider of 
Dealing Order Notice, Dealing   Order   Validation, Valid   Dealing   Order   and   Dealing  Order 
Confirmation;and 
 
• 
the Portfolio Administrator shall implement the necessary purchase or sale or take the relevant 
position in respect of the Reference Assets and drawdown/repayment from the Margin Loan 
Provider, as applicable. 
 
Settlement of Dealing Orders 
 
Settlement of Subscription Orders 
 
In connection with a Valid Dealing Order to subscribe for ETP Securities, the Issuing and Paying Agent shall 
cause the relevant ETP Securities to be issued on the relevant Subscription Settlement Date and the 
Authorised Participant shall cause the relevant Subscription Amount for the relevant ETP Securities to be 
paid in the relevant currency in same day funds to the Issuing and Paying Agent on each Subscription 
Settlement Date.  
 
Settlement of Redemption Orders 
 
In connection with a Valid Dealing Order relating to a redemption of part or all of a Series of ETP Securities: 
 
• 
the Authorised Participant shall deliver to the Issuing and Paying Agent the relevant ETP Securities 
to be redeemed on or prior to the time designated in the LS Operating Procedures Agreement on 
the Optional Redemption Settlement Date; 
 
• 
the Issuing and Paying Agent shall redeem the relevant ETP Securities on the Optional Redemption 
Settlement 
Date 
following 
confirmation 
of 
receipt 
of 
the 
ETP 
Securities; 
and 
 
• 
concurrently with the redemption of ETP Securities, the Issuing and Paying Agent on behalf of the 
Issuer shall arrange for the payment of the relevant Optional Redemption Amount.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE REFERENCE ASSETS 
The information in this section of the Base Prospectus has been extracted from public information, including the websites set out below and has been reproduced 
on the basis of information available to the Issuer. Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is able to ascertain from such 
information, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The websites set out below do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus. The delivery of this Base Prospectus at any time does not imply any representation on the part of the Issuer, the Margin Loan Providers, Authorised 
Participants, the Trustee, the Agents, the Determination Agent, the Broker Dealer of Record or any other person that any information contained therein is correct at 
any time subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Each Series of ETP Securities is intended to either track a relevant Index or pursue an Investment Strategy which provides exposure to the performance of a 
Reference Asset.  
The Issuer may issue Series of ETP Securities in respect of Reference Assets falling within the following categories:  
(A) equities securities; 
(B) debt securities; 
(C) fixed income securities; 
(D) exchange traded funds; 
(E) mutual funds; and 
(F) futures contracts 
in each case, as described below.  
The Reference Asset in respect of a Series of ETP Securities, the relevant Leverage Factor will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Prospective purchasers 
of the ETP Securities should make their own independent investigations and enquiries into the Reference Asset and the obligor(s) in respect thereof. 
The Reference Assets have characteristics that demonstrate the capacity to produce funds to service any payments due and payable on the ETP Securities. 
Investors should note that the Issuer anticipates that the Base Prospectus and other Programme Documents may be amended from time to time to permit the Issuer 
to issue series of ETP Securities backed by other Reference Assets other than as described herein. In addition the Programme may be amended in the future to 
facilitate the issue of additional actively managed ETP Securities or ETP Securities which are not linked to Indices or Investment Strategies.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
(i) 
Equity Securities 
The Issuer may issue a Series of ETP Securities designating any of the equity securities (including ADRs and ADSs representing equity securities), listed in the 
tables below as the Reference Assets. The Index or Investment Strategy, as applicable, may provide a Leveraged Exposure, Short Exposure or Normal Exposure  
to the performance of the Reference Assets. In addition to any leverage embedded in the Index or Investment Strategy, leverage may be embedded directly in the 
ETP Securities. The cumulative leverage provided by each Series of ETP Securities will be reflected in the Leverage Factor for that Series.  
Name of issuer of 
Reference Asset 
Address of issuer of 
Reference Asset 
Country of 
Incorporation 
Ticker of 
Reference 
Asset 
Regulated 
market 
or 
equivalent 
third 
country 
market 
on 
which 
the 
Reference Asset is admitted 
to trading 
General description and nature of business of 
issuer of the Reference Asset 
Advanced Micro 
Devices, Inc. 
2485 Augustine Drive 
Santa Clara, CA 95054 
United States 
United States of 
America  
AMD 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NGS:AMD 
 
Advanced 
Micro 
Devices, 
Inc. 
manufactures 
semiconductor 
products. 
The 
company 
manufactures 
products 
that 
include 
microprocessors, 
embedded 
microprocessors, 
chipsets, graphics, video and multimedia products. 
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. offers its products on 
a global basis. 
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at http://ir.amd.com/ 
Airbus SE 
1, Rond Point Maurice 
Bellonte Satair Airbus 
Blagnac 
31 707 France 
Netherlands 
AIR 
Euronext Paris 
https://live.euronext.com/en/pr
oduct/equities/nl0000235190-
xpar/airbus/air 
 
Airbus SE manufacturers airplanes and military 
equipment. The Company produces military fighter 
aircraft, 
military 
and 
commercial 
helicopters, 
missiles, satellites and telecommunications and 
defense systems, as well as military and commercial 
aircraft conversion and maintenance services.  
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at  
https://www.airbus.com/en/investors 
 
Alphabet Inc. 
1600 Amphitheatre 
Parkway, Mountain View, 
State of California 94043 
United States of 
America 
GOOG 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NGS:GOOG 
 
Alphabet Inc. is a holding company which provides 
online advertising services in the United States, the 
United Kingdom and rest of the world.  The company 
offers performance and brand advertising services. 
It operates through Google and Other Bets 
segments.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at  
https://abc.xyz/investor/ 
 
Amazon.com Inc. 
410 Terry Avenue North, 
Seattle, State of 
Washington 98109 
United States of 
America 
AMZN 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NGS:AMZN 
 
Amazon.com, Inc. engages in the retail sale of 
consumer products and subscriptions in North 
America and internationally. It operates through the 
North America, International, and Amazon Web 
Services (AWS) segments. The company sells 
merchandise and content purchased for resale from 
vendors, as well as those offered by third-party 
sellers through retail websites.  It also manufactures 
and sells electronic devices, including kindle e-
readers and fire tablets. 
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at https://ir.aboutamazon.com/ 
Apple Inc. 
One Infinite Loop, 
Cupertino, State of 
California 95014 
United States of 
America 
AAPL 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NGS:AAPL 
 
Apple Inc. is a technology company that engages in 
the design, manufacture and marketing of mobile 
communication and media devices, personal 
computers and portable music players, and sells a 
range of related software, services and accessories. 
It operates through its Americas, Europe, Greater 
China, Japan and the Rest of Asia Pacific segments. 
The company sells its products through Apple retail 
stores, online stores and through third-party 
retailers. It also sells and markets digital content 
through the iTunes Store, mobile App Store, Mac 
App Store and through other internet services.  
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at http://investor.apple.com/ 
Citigroup Inc. 
388 Greenwich Street, 
New York, State of New 
York 10013 
United States of 
America 
C 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NYS:C 
 
Citigroup Inc. is a holding company for businesses 
that provide consumers, corporations, governments 
and institutions with a range of financial products 
and services. It operates through two segments: 
Citicorp and Citi Holdings. Citicorp is the company’s 
global bank and offers financial products and 
services to consumers. As of December 31, 2016, 
Citicorp was present in 97 jurisdictions and offered 
financial services in over 160 jurisdictions.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at 
https://www.citigroup.com/global/investors 
Meta Platforms Inc. 
1601 Willow Road, Menlo 
Park, State of California 
94025-1452 
United States of 
America 
META 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NGS:META 
 
Meta Platforms Inc. is a technology company that 
focuses on connecting people through social media. 
Its 
products 
include 
Facebook, 
Messenger, 
WhatsApp, Instagram and Oculus. Its products 
provide a platform for people to learn about what is 
going on in the world and enables them to share 
opinions, ideas and visual media with friends or the 
public. 
The 
company 
also 
sells 
advertising 
placements across its products to marketers.  
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://investor.fb.com/home/default.aspx 
Goldman Sachs Group 
Inc. 
200 West Street, New 
York, State of New York 
10282 
United States of 
America 
GS 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NYS:GS 
 
The Goldman Sachs Group Inc. is a global 
investment banking, securities and investment 
management firm that provides a wide range of 
financial services to a client base that includes 
corporations, financial institutions, governments and 
individuals. The company operates through its 
Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services, 
Investing & Lending and Investment Management 
segments. 
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset 
can 
be 
found 
at 
http://www.goldmansachs.com/investor-relations/ 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
270 Park Ave, 38th Floor, 
New York, State of New 
York 10017-2014 
United States of 
America 
JPM 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NYS:JPM 
 
JPMorgan Chase & Co is a holding company for 
businesses that are engaged in investment banking, 
financial 
services 
for 
consumers 
and 
small 
businesses, 
commercial 
banking, 
financial 
transaction processing and asset management. The 
company operates through its Consumer & 
Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, 
Commercial 
Banking 
and 
Asset 
& 
Wealth 
Management 
segments. 
Its 
principal 
bank 
subsidiaries include JP Morgan Chase Bank and 
National Association (JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A.),

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
its principal nonbank subsidiary is J.P. Morgan 
Securities LLC. 
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at 
https://www.jpmorganchase.com/corporate/investor
-relations/investor-relations.htm 
Micron Technology, Inc. 
8000 South Federal Way 
PO Box 6 Boise, ID 
83716 United States 
United States of 
America 
MU 
New York Stock Exchange  
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NGS:MU 
 
Micron Technology, Inc., through its subsidiaries, 
manufactures and markets dynamic random access 
memory chips (DRAMs), static random access 
memory 
chips 
(SRAMs), 
flash 
memory, 
semiconductor components, and memory modules. 
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at https://www.micron.com/ 
Microsoft Corp 
One Microsoft Way, 
Redmond, State of 
Washington 98052-6399 
United States of 
America 
MSFT 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NGS:MSFT 
 
Microsoft Corporation is a technology company that 
develops, licenses, and supports a range of 
software products, services and devices. It operates 
through its Productivity and Businesses Processes, 
Intelligent Cloud and More Personal Computing 
segments. 
The 
Company’s 
products 
include 
operating systems, server applications, video 
games and certification of computer system 
integrators and developers. It also designs, 
manufactures and sells directly, and through third 
parties, devices, including personal computers, 
tablets, gaming and entertainment consoles, mobile 
phones and other related accessories. The 
company provides a variety of services, including 
cloud-based solutions and support and consulting 
services.  
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/investor/ 
PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
2211 North 1st Street 
San Jose  
CA 95131 
 
 
 
United States of 
America  
PYPL 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NGS:PYPL 
 
PayPal Holdings, Inc. operates a technology 
platform company that enables digital and mobile 
payments on behalf of consumers and merchants. 
The Company offers online payment solutions. 
PayPal 
Holdings, 
Inc. 
services 
customers 
worldwide.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
 
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at 
https://investor.pypl.com/home/default.aspx 
 
Visa Inc. 
900 Metro Center Blvd., 
Foster 
City, 
State 
of 
California 94404 
United States of 
America 
V 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NYS:V 
 
Visa Inc. is a multinational financial services 
company 
that 
facilitates 
electronic 
transfers 
throughout the world.  Visa is the world's second 
largest card payment organization. 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at http://investor.visa.com/  
Netflix, Inc. 
100 Winchester Circle, 
Los 
Gatos, 
State 
of 
California 95032 
United States of 
America 
NFLX 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NGS:NFLX 
 
 
Netflix is a multinational entertainment company 
specializing in providing streaming media and video-
on-demand online.  Netflix is also involved directly in 
film and television production.  Netflix has more than 
100 million subscribers worldwide.  
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at http://ir.netflix.com/  
NVIDIA Corporation 
2701 
San 
Tomas 
Expressway, Santa Clara, 
State of California, 95050 
United States of 
America 
NVDA 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NGS:NVDA 
 
NVIDIA is a technology company that designs 
graphics processing units (GPUs) for the gaming 
and professional markets, as well as system on a 
chip units (SOCs) for the mobile computing and 
automotive market.  
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at http://investor.nvidia.com/  
Salesforce.com, Inc. 
415 Mission St., San 
Francisco, 
State 
of 
California, 94105 
United States of 
America 
CRM 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NYS:CRM 
 
 
Salesforce.com is a cloud computing company that 
develops 
customer 
relationship 
management 
(CRM) software as well as commercial applications 
of social networking.  
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset 
can 
be 
found 
at 
http://investor.salesforce.com/about-
us/investor/overview/default.aspx  
Shopify Inc. 
150 Elgin Street 
8th Floor 
Ottawa 
ON K2P 1L4 
Canada 
Canada  
SHOP 
New York Stock Exchange  
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NYS:SHOP 
 
Shopify Inc. provides a cloud-based commerce 
platform. The Company offers a platform for 
merchants to create an omni-channel experience 
that helps showcase the merchant’s brand. 
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
https://investors.shopify.com/home/default.aspx 
 
Tencent Holdings Ltd. 
29/F, Three Pacific Place, 
No 1 Queen’s Road East, 
Wanchai, Hong Kong 
China 
700 
Hong Kong Stock Exchange 
https://www.hkex.com.hk/Mark
et-Data/Securities-
Prices/Equities/Equities-
Quote?sym=700&sc_lang=en 
Tencent 
Holdings 
Limited 
operates 
as 
an 
investment 
holding 
company. 
The 
company, 
through its subsidiaries, provides internet and 
mobile 
value-added 
services 
(VAS), 
online 
advertising, and e-commerce transactions. Tencent 
Holdings offers services to users worldwide. 
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at https://www.tencent.com/en-
us/investors.html 
Tesla Inc. 
3500 Deer Creek Road 
Palo 
Alto, 
CA 94304 
United States 
United States of 
America 
TSLA 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NGS:TSLA 
 
Tesla Inc. designs, manufactures, and sells high-
performance electric vehicles and electric vehicle 
powertrain components. Tesla owns its sales and 
service network and sells electric powertrain 
components to other automobile manufacturers. 
Tesla serves customers worldwide. 
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at https://www.tesla.com/ 
The Boeing Company 
100 North Riverside 
Plaza 
Chicago 
IL 60606-1596 
United States of 
America  
BA 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NYS:BA 
 
The Boeing Company, together with its subsidiaries, 
develops, produces and markets commercial jet 
aircraft, as well as providing related support services 
to the commercial airline industry worldwide.  The 
Company also researches, develops, produces, 
modifies and supports information, space and 
defense 
systems, 
including 
military 
aircraft, 
helicopters and space and missile systems. 
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at  
https://investors.boeing.com/investors/overview/def
ault.aspx 
 
Uber Technologies Inc. 
1455 Market Street Suite 
400 San Francisco, CA 
94103 United States 
United States of 
America 
UBER 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NYS:UBER 
 
Uber Technologies, Inc. provides ride hailing 
services. The company develops applications for 
road transportation, navigation, ride sharing, and 
payment processing solutions. Uber Technologies 
serves customers worldwide.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://investor.uber.com/home/default.aspx 
Zoom Video 
Communications, Inc. 
55 Almaden Blvd, 
6th Floor 
San Jose 
CA 95113 
United States  
United States of 
America 
ZM 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NGS:ZM 
 
 
Zoom Video Communications, Inc.  develops a 
people-centric cloud service that transforms real-
time collaboration experience. The Company offers 
unified meeting experience, a cloud service that 
provides a 3-in-1 meeting platform with HD video 
conferencing, mobility and web meetings.  Zoom 
Video 
Communications 
serves 
customers 
worldwide. 
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at 
https://investors.zoom.us/?_ga=2.38056551.51393
1263.1606238105-1038882135.1573506672 
  
Block, Inc. 
1455 Market Street, Suite 
600, San Francisco, CA 
94103 United States 
United States of 
America  
SQ 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NYS:SQ 
 
 
Block, Inc. provides mobile payment solutions.  The 
Company develops point-of-sale software that helps 
in digital receipts, inventory and sales reports as well 
as offering analytics and feedback. Square also 
provides financial and marketing services. 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at:  
https://investors.block.xyz/overview/default.aspx 
 
Airbnb, Inc. 
888 Brannan Street Suite 
4 
San Francisco 
CA 94103 
United States of 
America 
ABNB 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NGS:ABNB 
 
Airbnb, Inc. operates an online marketplace for 
travel information and booking services.  The 
Company offers lodging, home-stay, and tourism 
services via websites and mobile applications. 
Airbnb serves clients worldwide. 
 
Further information on the issuer of the 
Reference Asset can be found at: 
https://investors.airbnb.com/home/default.asp
x 
 
Plug Power, Inc. 
968 Albany Shaker Road 
Latham 
NY 12110 
United States of 
America 
PLUG 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NCM:PLUG 
 
Plug Power, Inc. designs, develops, manufactures 
and commercialises fuel cell systems for electric lift 
trucks and materials handling equipment. The 
Company offers its products globally to retail,

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
grocery and institutional food distribution centers, as 
well as manufacturing facilities. 
 
Further information on the issuer of the 
Reference Asset can be found at: 
https://www.ir.plugpower.com/Home/default.aspx 
 
The Walt Disney 
Company 
500 South Buena Vista 
Street 
Burbank 
CA 
United States of 
America 
DIS 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NYS:DIS 
 
The Walt Disney Company is an entertainment 
company with operations in media networks, park 
experiences 
and 
customer 
products, 
studio 
entertainment and direct-to-customer networks and 
channels.  The Company serves customers 
worldwide. 
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at: 
https://thewaltdisneycompany.com/investor-
relations/ 
 
Palantir Technologies 
Inc. 
1555 Blake Street 
Suite 250 
Denver, CO 80202 
United States of 
America 
PLTR 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NYS:PLTR 
 
Palantir Technologies Inc, develops software to 
analyse information. The Company offers solutions 
support for many kinds of data including structured, 
unstructured, relational, temporal and geospatial. 
Palantir Technologies serves customers worldwide. 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at: 
https://investors.palantir.com/ 
 
Roku, Inc. 
1155 Coleman Ave 
San Jose 
CA 95110 
United States of 
America 
ROKU 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NGS:ROKU 
 
Roku, Inc. designs and manufactures consumer 
electronic products.  The Company offers wireless 
enabled devices that stream audio and video 
content from the internet to home entertainment 
systems.  Roku serves customers globally. 
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at: 
https://ir.roku.com/ 
 
Peloton Interactive, Inc. 
125 West 25th Street 
United States of 
America 
PTON 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NGS:PTON 
Peloton Interactive, Inc. provides recreational 
facilities and services.  The Company offers workout

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
11th Floor New York 
NY 1001 
 
bikes for indoor cycling, as well as other fitness 
related instruments.  Peloton Interactive serves 
customers worldwide. 
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at: 
https://investor.onepeloton.com/ 
 
Coinbase Global, Inc.  
100 Pine Street Suite 
1250 
San Francisco 
CA 94111 
United States of 
America 
COIN 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NGS:COIN 
 
Coinbase Global, Inc. provides data and transaction 
processing services.  The Company offers digital 
currency 
wallet 
and 
platform 
for 
general 
transactions. 
 
Coinbase 
serves 
customers 
worldwide, 
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at: 
https://investor.coinbase.com/home/default.aspx 
 
Moderna, Inc 
 
200 Technology Square 
Cambridge 
Massachusetts 
 
United States of 
America 
 
MRNA 
New York Stock Exchange 
 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NGS:MRNA 
 
Moderna, Inc. operates as a clinical stage 
biotechnology company.  The company focuses on 
the discovery and development of messenger RNA 
therapeutics and vaccines.  Moderna develops 
mRNA medicines for infectious, immuno-oncology 
and cardiovascular diseases. 
   
Further information on the issuer of the 
Reference Asset can be found at: 
https://investors.modernatx.com/ 
 
 
Coupang, Inc. 
Tower 730, 
570, Songpa-daero 
Songpa-GU 
Seoul, 
Republic of Korea 
05510 
Republic of 
Korea  
CPNG 
New York Stock Exchange  
https://www.nyse.com/quot
e/XNYS:CPNG 
 
Coupang, Inc. operates as an e-commerce 
company.  The Company offers dynamic end-
to-end e-commerce and logistic solutions. 
Coupang serves customers worldwide.  
Further information on the issuer of the 
Reference Asset can be found at: 
https://ir.aboutcoupang.com/English/hom
e/default.aspx

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
Linde plc 
Forge,  
Church Street West, 
Woking, 
Surrey 
GU21 6HT 
United Kingdom 
 
Ireland 
LIN 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
https://www.boerse-
frankfurt.de/equity/linde-plc-
eo-001 
 
 
  
 
 
Linde Plc operates as an industrial gas and 
engineering company. The Company offers 
products, technologies and services that help 
customers 
improve 
their 
economic 
and 
environmental performance in a connected 
world. Linde plc serves customers worldwide.  
Further information on the issuer of the 
Reference Asset can be found at: 
https://investors.linde.com/ 
 
Siemens AG  
Werner-von Siemens-
Strasse 
1 Munich 
80333 Germany 
Germany 
SIE 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
https://www.boerse-
frankfurt.de/equity/siemens-
ag 
 
Siemens 
AG 
is 
an 
engineering 
and 
manufacturing 
company. 
The 
company 
focuses on areas of electrification, automation 
and digitalization. Siemens AG also provides 
engineering solutions in automation and 
control, power, transportation and medical 
diagnosis. 
 
Further information on the issuer of the 
Reference Asset can be found at: 
https://new.siemens.com/global/en/company/i
nvestor-relations.html 
 
Mercedes-Benz Group 
AG 
Mercedesstraße 120 
70372 Stuttgart 
Germany 
Germany 
MBG 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange  
https://www.boerse-
frankfurt.de/equity/mercede
s-benz-group 
 
Mercedes-Benz Group AG operates as an 
automotive company.  The Company designs, 
manufactures, distributes and sells a wide 
range of automotive products such as 
passenger cars, trucks, vans and buses.  
Mercedes-Benz Group also provides financial 
and other services relating to its automotive 
businesses. 
 
Further information on the issuer of the 
Reference Asset can be found at: 
https://group.mercedes-benz.com/investors/

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
Infineon Technologies 
AG 
Am Campeon 1-15 
85579 Neubiberg 
Germany 
Germany 
IFX 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
 https://www.boerse-
frankfurt.de/equity/infineon-
technologies-ag 
 
Infineon Technologies AG designs, 
manufactures and markets semiconductors.  
The Company offers products including power 
semiconductors, microcontrollers, security 
controllers, radio frequency products and 
sensors.  Infineon markets its products to the 
automotive, industrial, communications and 
consumer and security electronics sectors. 
 
Further information on the issuer of the 
Reference Asset can be found at: 
https://www.infineon.com/cms/en/about-
infineon/investor/ 
 
Volkswagen AG 
 
Volkswagen 
Aktiengesellschaft 
VHH 
2nd Floor 
PO Box 1849 
DS-38436 
Wolfsberg 
Germany 
Germany 
VOW3 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
https://www.boerse-
frankfurt.de/equity/volkswag
en-ag-vz 
 
Volkswagen AG manufactures and sells 
vehicles.  The company offers economy and 
luxury automobiles, sports cars, trucks and 
commercial vehicles.  Volkswagen serves 
customers worldwide. 
 
Further information on the issuer of the 
Reference Asset can be found at: 
https://www.volkswagenag.com/en/InvestorRe
lations.html 
 
ASML Holding N.V.  
 
 
 
DeRun 6501 
5504 DR 
Veldhoven 
The Netherlands 
 
The 
Netherlands  
ASML 
Euronext Amsterdam 
https://live.euronext.com/en
/product/equities/nl0010273
215-xams/asml-
holding/asml 
 
ASML Holding N.V. develops, produces and 
markets semiconductor manufacturing 
equipment, specifically machines for the 
production of chips through lithography.  The 
company serves customers worldwide. 
Further information on the issuer of the 
Reference Asset can be found at: 
https://www.asml.com/en/investors

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
Banco Santander S.A. 
Avenida de Cantabria 
s/n Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid,  
28660 Spain 
 
Spain  
SAN 
Madrid 
Stock 
Exchange 
(BME) 
https://www.bolsasymercad
os.es/bme-
exchange/en/Prices-and-
Markets/Shares/Main-
Market/Details/Banco-
Santander-ES0113900J37 
 
 
 
Banco Santander S.A. attracts deposits and 
offers retail, commercial and private banking, 
and asset management services. The Bank 
offers consumer credit, mortgage loans, lease 
financing, factoring, mutual funds, pension 
funds, 
insurance, 
commercial 
credit, 
investment 
banking 
services, 
structured 
finance, 
and 
advice 
on 
mergers 
and 
acquisitions. 
   
Further information on the issuer of the 
Reference Asset can be found at: 
https://www.santander.com/es/accionistas-e-
inversores 
 
Iberdrola S.A.  
Torre Iberdrola 
Plaza Euskadi number 
5 
48009, Bilbao 
Bizkaia, Spain  
Spain 
IBE 
Madrid Stock Exchange 
(BME) 
https://www.bolsasymercad
os.es/bme-
exchange/en/Prices-and-
Markets/Shares/Main-
Market/Details/Iberdrola-
ES0144580Y14 
 
Iberdrola SA generates, distributes, trades 
and markets electricity in the United Kingdom, 
the United States, Spain, Portugal and Latin 
America. The Company specializes in clean 
energy including wind power, solar and 
hydroelectric, smart grids, energy storage and 
green hydrogen. 
 
Further information on the issuer of the 
Reference Assets can be found at:  
https://www.iberdrola.com/shareholders-
investors 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Taunusanlage 12, 
60325 Frankfurt am 
Main 
Germany 
Germany 
DBK 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange  
https://www.boerse-
frankfurt.de/equity/deutsche
-bank-ag 
 
Deutsche Bank AG is a global financial 
service provider delivering commercial, 
investment, private and retail banking.  The 
Bank offers debt, foreign exchange, 
derivatives, commodities, money markets, 
repo and securitisation, cash equities, 
research, equity prime services, loans, 
convertibles, advice on M&A and IPOs, trade 
finance, retail banking, asset management 
and corporate investments.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
Further information on the issuer of the 
Reference Asset can be found at: 
https://investor-
relations.db.com/?language_id=1&kid=ir.redir
ect-en.shortcut 
 
Ferrari NV 
Via Abetone Infeiore 
n.4 
I-41053 Maranell 
Italy 
Italy  
RACE 
Euronext Milan 
https://www.borsaitaliana.it/
borsa/azioni/scheda/NL001
1585146.html?lang=en 
 
Ferrari NV designs and manufactures sports 
cars.  The company offers new and used 
vehicles, warranty programs, financial 
supports and maintenance as well as 
apparels, earphones, caps and other 
accessories. 
 
Further information on the issuer of the 
Reference Asset can be found at: 
https://www.ferrari.com/en-
EN/corporate/investors 
 
Exxon Mobile 
Corporation 
5959 Las Colinas 
Boulevard 
Irving 
Texas 75039-2298 
United States 
of America 
XOM 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quot
e/XNYS:XOM 
 
Exxon Mobile Corporation operates petroleum 
and petro chemical businesses. The company 
provides exploration and production of oil and 
gas, electric power generation, coal and 
minerals operations. The company also 
manufactures and markets fuels, lubricants 
and chemicals.  
 
Further information on the issuer of the 
Reference Asset can be found at: 
https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/investors/in
vestor-relations 
 
UBS Group AG 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 8001 
Zurich, Switzerland  
 
Switzerland 
UBS 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NYS:UBS 
 
UBS Group AG provides financial services to 
private, corporate, and institutional clients. The 
company offers investment, retail, and corporate 
and institutional banking, as well as holistic wealth 
management planning and asset management 
services. UBS Group also offers securities services

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
such as fund administration and third-party fund 
management. 
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at: 
 
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/our-
firm/governance/ubs-group-ag/shareholder-
information.html 
 
IonQ, Inc. 
4505 Campus Drive 
College Park 
MD 20740 
United States 
of America 
IONQ 
New York Stock Exchange  
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NYS:IONQ 
 
IonQ, Inc. operates as a computing hardware and 
software company. The Company develops a 
general-purpose trapped ion quantum computer 
and software to generate, optimize and execute 
quantum circuits.  IonQ serves customers 
worldwide.  
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at: 
 
https://investors.ionq.com/overview/default.aspx 
 
Super Micro Computer, 
Inc. 
980 Rock Avenue 
San Jose 
CA 95131 
United States 
of America 
SMCI 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NGS:SMCI 
 
Super Micro Computer, Inc. designs, develops, 
manufacturers and sells server solutions based on 
modular and open-standard architecture.  The 
company offers servers, motherboards, chassis 
and accessories. Super Micro Computer, Inc. 
markets its products worldwide. 
 
Further information on the issuer of the Reference 
Asset can be found at: 
 
https://ir.supermicro.com/ir-overview/default.aspx

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Name of the ADR/ADS 
and issuer depository 
bank 
Name of the underlying 
equity security 
Address of issuer of 
underlying equity 
security 
Country of 
Incorporation 
of underlying 
equity security 
Ticker of 
ADR/ADS 
Regulated 
market 
or 
equivalent third country 
market on which the 
ADR/ADS is admitted to 
trading 
General 
description 
and 
nature of business of issuer of 
the underlying equity security 
HSBC Holdings plc ADR 
issued by Bank of New 
York Mellon   
HSBC Holdings plc 
8 Canada Square, 42nd 
Floor, London, E14 5HQ, 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
HSBC 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quo
te/XNYS:HSBC 
 
 
HSBC Holdings plc is the 
holding company for the HSBC 
Group.  The Company provides 
a 
variety 
of 
international 
banking and financial services, 
including retail and corporate 
banking, 
trade, 
trusteeship, 
securities, 
custody, 
capital 
markets, treasury, private and 
investment 
banking 
and 
insurance. 
HSBC 
Holdings 
operates worldwide., 
 
Further information can be 
found at: 
https://www.hsbc.com/inves
tors/shareholder-
information/manage-your-
shareholding 
 
Barclays plc ADR issued 
by JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. 
Barclays plc  
1 Churchill Place 
London, E14 5HP United 
Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
BCS 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quo
te/XNYS:BCS 
 
Barclays plc is a global financial 
services provider engaged in 
retail banking, credit cards, 
wholesale 
banking, 
wealth 
management and investment 
management services. 
 
Further information can be 
found at: 
https://home.barclays/investor-
relations/ 
 
 
Lloyds Banking Group 
plc ADR issued by Bank 
of New York Mellon 
Lloyds Banking Group 
plc  
25 Gresham Street, 
London EC2V 7HN, 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
LYG 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quo
te/XNYS:LYG 
Llyods Banking Group plc, 
through its subsidiaries and 
associated companies, offers a 
range of banking and financial

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
 
services. 
 
The 
Company 
provides 
retail 
banking, 
mortgages, 
pension, 
asset 
management, 
insurance 
services, 
corporate 
banking 
and treasury services. 
 
Further information can be 
found at: 
https://www.lloydsbankinggrou
p.com/investors.html 
 
Shell plc ADR issued by 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. 
Shell plc 
Carel van Bylandtlaan 
30, The Hague, 2596 HR 
Netherlands 
The Netherlands  SHEL 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quo
te/XNYS:SHEL 
 
 
Royal Dutch Shell plc, through 
its 
subsidiaries, 
explores, 
produces 
and 
refines 
petroleum.  The Company 
produces fuels, chemicals and 
lubricants. Royal Dutch Shell 
owns and operates gasoline 
filling stations worldwide.  
 
Further information can be 
found at: 
https://www.shell.com/investor
s.html 
 
 
BP Plc ADR issued by 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. 
BP plc  
1 Saint James's Square 
London, SW1Y 4PD 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom  
BP 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quo
te/XNYS:BP 
 
 
BP 
plc 
is 
an 
oil 
and 
petrochemicals company. The 
Company explores for and 
produces oil and natural gas, 
refines, markets and supplies 
petroleum products, generates 
solar energy and manufactures 
and markets chemicals. 
 
Further information can be 
found at: 
https://www.bp.com/en/global/c
orporate/investors.html

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
Vodafone Group plc 
ADR issued by Deutsche 
Bank AG 
Vodafone Group plc  
Vodafone House The 
Connection Newbury, 
RG14 2FN United 
Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
VOD 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quo
te/XNGS:VOD 
 
Vodafone Group plc provides 
wireless 
communications 
services. The Company offers 
mobile 
telecommunications 
services including voice and 
data communications.  
 
Further information can be 
found at: 
https://investors.vodafone.com/
?ltpn=UK:UCMS:Homepage&lt
sn=na&lts1=8&lts2=2&ltat=For
_investors&ltad=4538 
 
JD.com Inc. ADS issued 
by Deutsche Bank Trust 
Company Americas 
JD.com Inc. 
JD Building 
18 Kechuang 
11 Str BDA 
Beijing 
101111 China 
China 
JD 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quo
te/XNGS:JD 
 
 
JD.com, Inc. is an online direct 
sales company in China.  The 
Company 
offers 
a 
wide 
selection of products through its 
website 
and 
mobile 
applications.  JD.com sells 
appliances, computers, digital 
products, 
communication 
products, garments, books and 
household items to consumers 
and vendors. 
Further information can be 
found at https://ir.jd.com/ 
 
 
Alibaba Group Holding 
Ltd ADS issued by 
Citibank, N.A. 
Alibaba Group Holding 
Ltd. 
699 Wang Shang Road 
Binjiang 
District Hangzhou, 
310052 China 
China 
BABA 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quo
te/XNYS:BABA 
 
Alibaba Group Holding Limited 
operates 
as 
a 
holding 
company. 
 
The 
Company 
provides internet infrastructure, 
e-commerce, online financial 
and internet content services 
through 
its 
subsidiaries. 
Alibaba Group Holding Ltd 
offers its products and services 
worldwide.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Further information can be found at: 
https://www.alibabagroup.com/en/ir/h
ome 
 
 
Baidu, Inc. ADS issued 
by Bank of New York 
Mellon 
Baidu Inc. 
Baidu Campus 
10 Shangdi 10th 
Street,Haidian 
Beijing, 100085 
China 
BIDU 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quo
te/XNGS:BIDU 
 
 
Baidu, Inc. operates an internet search 
engine. 
The 
Company 
offers 
algorithmic search, enterprise search, 
news, MP3 and image searches, voice 
assistance, 
online 
storage 
and 
navigation services.  Baidu serves 
clients globally. 
 
Further information can be found at: 
https://ir.baidu.com/investor-overview 
 
Sea Limited ADS issued 
by Bank of New York 
Mellon 
Sea Limited  
1 Fusionopolis Place No 
17-10 
Galaxis Singapore, 
138522 
Singapore 
SE 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quo
te/XNYS:SE 
 
Sea 
Limited 
offers 
information 
technology services. The Company 
provides online personal computer 
and 
mobile 
digital 
content, 
e-
commerce and payment platforms. 
Sea 
Limited 
serves 
customers 
worldwide. 
 
Further information can be 
found at:  
https://www.sea.com/investor/h
ome 
 
 
 
Pinduoduo Inc. ADS 
issued by Deutsche 
Bank Trust Company 
Americas 
Pinduoduo Inc. 
Pinduoduo Inc. 
28F 533 Loushanguan 
Road 
Changning District 
Shanghai 200051 
China 
PDD 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quo
te/XNGS:PDD 
 
Pinduoduo Inc. operates as an e-
commerce platform. The Company 
offers a wide range of merchandise 
online including groceries, fashion, 
beauty and electronics. Pinduoduo 
serves customers worldwide. 
 
Further information can be 
found at:

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
https://investor.pinduoduo.com
/ 
 
 
NIO Inc. ADS issued by 
Deutsche Bank Trust 
Company Americas 
NIO Inc. 
Building 20, No 56 
AnTuo Road 
AnTing Town, Jiading 
District 
Shanghai 
201804 
China 
NIO 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quo
te/XNYS:NIO 
 
 
NIO Inc. manufacturers and 
sells 
automobiles. 
The 
Company 
offers 
electric 
vehicles and parts as well as 
battery charging services. NIO 
serves customers worldwide. 
 
Further information can be 
found at: 
https://ir.nio.com/ 
 
 
Taiwan Semiconductor 
Manufacturing Company, 
Limited  ADS issued by 
Citibank, N.A. 
 
Taiwan Semiconductor 
Manufacturing Company 
Ltd. 
No. 8 
Li Hsin Rd 2 
East District 
Hsinchu 
Taiwan 
TSM 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quo
te/XNYS:TSM 
 
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing 
Company, Limited manufactures and 
markets integrated circuits.  The 
company 
provides 
the 
following 
services: water manufacturing, water 
probing, assembly and testing, mask 
production and design services.  The 
company’s integrated circuits are used 
in 
computer, 
communication, 
consumer electronics, automotive and 
industrial equipment industries. 
   
Further information can be 
found at: 
https://investor.tsmc.com/e
nglish 
 
 
Samsung Electronics 
Co. Ltd. GDR issued by 
Citibank, N.A. 
Samsung Electronics 
Co. Ltd. 
129 Samsung-ro 
Yongtong-gu Suwon-
won, 
Gyeonggi-do, 16677 
Republic of Korea  
Korea  
SSU 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
https://www.boerse-
frankfurt.de/equity/us7960
508882-samsung-
electronics-co-ltd-gdr 
 
Samsung 
Electronics 
Co. 
Ltd. 
Manufactures 
a 
wide 
range 
of 
consumer and industrial electronic 
equipment and products such as 
semiconductors, personal computers, 
peripherals, monitors, televisions and 
home 
appliances 
including 
air

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
 
conditioners and microwave ovens. The 
company also produces internet access 
network 
systems 
and 
telecommunications 
equipment 
including mobile phones. 
 
Further information can be 
found at:  
https://www.samsung.com/
global/ir/stock-
information/listing-Info/ 
 
 
XPeng Inc. ADS  issued 
by Citibank N.A. 
XPeng Inc. 
No. 8 Songgang Road, 
Changxing Street, 
Cencun, Tianhe District, 
Guangzhou 
Guangdong 510640 
People’s Republic of 
China 
China 
XPEV 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quo
te/XNYS:XPEV 
 
XPeng Inc. designs, products and 
distributes electric vehicles. The 
company designs, develops, 
manufactures and markets smart 
electric vehicles, as well as finance, 
parts and maintenance services.  
Further information on the 
issuer of the Reference Asset 
can be found at: 
https://ir.xiaopeng.com/ 
 
Arm Holdings plc ADS 
issued by Citibank N.A. 
Arm Holdings plc  
110 Fulbourn Road, 
Cambridge,  
CB1 9NJ, United 
Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
ARM 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quo
te/XNGS:ARM 
 
ARM Holdings plc operates as a 
holding company.  The company, 
through its subsidiaries, designs and 
manufactures 
semiconductor 
technology and other related products 
such 
as 
computer 
processors, 
memory controllers, internet protocol 
system, graphic processor, security 
and storage devices.  Arm Holdings 
plc seves customers worldwide. 
Further information on the issuer of 
the Reference Asset can be found ar: 
https://investors.arm.com/ 
 
 
 
ADR/ADS Depository Bank Information

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
The Bank of New York Mellon is a banking corporation organised pursuant to the laws of the State of New York, whose registered office and corporate headquarters 
is located at 240 Greenwich St, NY, NY 10286, USA. The Bank of New York Mellon was formed from the merger of the Bank of New York and the Mellon Financial 
Corporation on 2 July 2007. 
The Bank of New York Mellon is supervised and regulated by the New York State Department of Financial Services and the US Federal Reserve and is authorised 
by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) (Firm Reference Number: 122467). 
The Bank of New York Mellon is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and its LEI HPFHU0OQ28E4N0NFVK49. 
JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A, 
JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. is the principal bank subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase & Co, which is a leading global financial services firm and one of the largest banking 
institutions in the United States of America. JPMorgan Chase & Co. was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on 28 October 1968. JPMorgan Chase 
& Co. is listed on the New York Stock Exchange 
JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A.’s registered address and corporate headquarters is located at 1111 Polaris Parkway, Columbus, OH 43240 and its LEI is 
7H6GLXDRUGQFU57RNE97. 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Deutsche Bank AG is the parent company of Deutsche Bank Group and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. Deutsche Bank AG was established under the 
laws of Germany on 22 January 1870 and was granted its banking license on 10 March 1870. It is registered in the Commercial Register of the District Court Frankfurt 
am Main under registration number HRB 30000.  Deutsche Bank AG is multinational investment bank and financial services company and is listed on the New York 
Stock Exchange. 
Deutsche Bank AG’s registered and head office is located at Taunusanlage 12 Frankfurt an Main, 60325, Germany and its LEI is 7LTWFZYICNSX8D621K86. 
Citibank, N.A. 
Citibank, N.A. is the consumer division of the financial services multinational Citigroup Inc. It provides consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with 
financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities trading and transaction services. It was 
incorporated under the name of City Bank of New York on 16 June 1812 under the laws of South Dakota.  Citigroup Inc. is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 
Citibank. N.A, is headquartered at 388 Greenwich St. New York, NY 10013 and its LEI is E57ODZWZ7FF32TWEFA76. 
The Issuer may from time to time issue other ETP Securities which track equity securities other than those described above, in which case the Issuer shall prepare 
an updated Base Prospectus, or where permitted under the Prospectus Regulation, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus, as further described in the section 
of this Base Prospectus entitled “Supplements”. 
(ii) 
Debt Securities

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
The Issuer may issue a Series of ETP Securities designating any of the debt securities, listed in the table below as the Reference Assets:  
Name of Reference Asset 
Exchange 
Issuer of Debt 
Security and 
Country of 
Incorporation 
Ticker 
ISIN 
General Description of Reference Asset 
iPath® Series B S&P 500® 
VIX Short Term Futures™ 
 
New York Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/qu
ote/BATS:VXX 
 
Barclays Bank 
plc, United 
Kingdom 
VXX 
US06747R4772 
The iPath® Series B S&P 500® VIX Short-Term 
FuturesTM ETNs are designed to provide exposure to 
the S&P 500® VIX Short-Term FuturesTM Index Total 
Return.   
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://ipathetn.barclays/details.app;instrumentId=34
1408 
 
Leverage Shares 2x Long 
Berkshire Hathaway ETP 
Securities 
Euronext Amsterdam 
https://live.euronext.com/
en/product/etfs/xs239936
9110-xams/2x-long-
berkshire/2brk 
 
Leverage Shares 
plc, Ireland 
2BRK 
XS2399369110 
 
The Leverage Shares 2x Long Berkshire Hathaway 
ETP Securities seeks to track the 2x daily return of 
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Class B) stock, adjusted to 
reflect the fees and costs of maintaining a leveraged 
position in the stock. 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://leverageshares.com/en/etps/leverage-shares-
2x-long-berkshire-hathaway-etp/ 
 
 
Leverage Shares -3x Short 
US 500 ETP Securities 
Euronext Amsterdam 
https://live.euronext.com/
en/product/etfs/XS23993
64665-XAMS 
Leverage Shares 
plc, Ireland 
SSPY 
XS2399364665 
The Leverage Shares -3x Short US 500 ETP 
Securities seeks to track the -3x Short US 500 
Investment Strategy which is designed to provide -3x 
the daily return of SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust stock, 
adjusted to reflect the fees and inherent costs and 
revenues of shorting. It holds the short positions in the

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
 
 
  
underlying SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust stock and 
resulting cash balances. 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://leverageshares.com/en/etps/leverage-shares-
3x-short-us-500-etp/ 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss 
Gold ETC 
 
London Stock Exchange 
https://www.londonstocke
xchange.com/stock/SGB
S/wisdomtree/company-
page 
 
  
WisdomTree 
Metal Securities 
Limited  
SGBS 
IE00BK5BQZ43 
The WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold ETC is 
designed to offer security holders a simple, cost-
efficient and secure way to access physical gold by 
providing a return equivalent to the movements in the 
physical 
gold spot 
price less the applicable 
management fee. 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
 https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-ie/products/ucits-
etfs-unleveraged-etps/commodities/wisdomtree-
physical-swiss-gold 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Income Securities  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no fixed income securities which may be designated as Reference Assets. However, the Issuer may prepare an 
updated Base Prospectus, or where permitted under the Prospectus Regulation, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus, as further described in the section 
of this Base Prospectus entitled “Supplements”, with details of fixed income securities that may be designated as Reference Assets. 
(iv) 
Exchange Traded Funds   
The Issuer may issue a Series of ETP Securities designating any of the exchange traded funds, listed below as Reference Assets:

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
Name 
of 
Reference 
Asset 
Exchange 
Country of 
Incorporation/Legal 
Jurisdiction 
Ticker 
ISIN 
General Description of Reference Asset 
SPDR S&P 500 
ETF Trust 
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:SPY 
Unit investment trust 
organised 
under 
the 
laws of the State of New 
York  
SPY 
US78462F1030 
The SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust tracks the S&P 500 
Index. 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found 
at 
https://www.ssga.com/us/en/institutional/etfs/funds/s
pdr-sp-500-etf-trust-spy 
Invesco 
QQQ 
Trust, Series 1 
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
XNMS:QQQ 
 
 
Unit investment trust 
organised 
under 
the 
laws of the State of New 
York 
QQQ 
US46090E1038  
The Invesco QQQ Trust, Series 1 tracks the Nasdaq 
100 Index. 
Further information on the Reference Asset is set out 
below 
and 
can 
also 
 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.invesco.com/us/financial-
products/etfs/product-detail?productId=qqq 
SPDR 
Dow 
Jones Industrial 
Average 
ETF 
Trust  
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:DIA 
 
Unit investment trust 
organised 
under 
the 
laws of the State of New 
York 
DIA 
 US78467X1090  
The SPDR Dow Jones Industrial Average ETF Trust 
tracks the Dow Jones Industrial Average Index. 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at  
https://www.ssga.com/us/en/individual/etfs/funds/spd
r-dow-jones-industrial-average-etf-trust-dia 
 
iShares Russell 
2000 ETF 
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:IWM 
 
iShares Russell 2000 
ETF is a fund of the 
iShares 
Trust. 
The 
iShares 
Trust 
is 
organised 
as 
a 
Delaware 
statutory 
trust. 
IWM 
US4642876555 
The iShares Russell 2000 ETF tracks the Russell 
2000 Index. 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
https://www.ishares.com/us/products/239710/ishares
-russell-2000-etf 
ProShares 
Short Dow30 
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:DOG 
 
ProShares 
Short 
Dow30 is a fund of the 
ProShares Trust. The 
ProShares Trust is a 
Delaware 
statutory 
trust. 
DOG 
US74347B2354 
The ProShares Short Dow30 seeks daily investment 
results, before fees and expenses, that correspond to 
the inverse (-1x) of the daily performance of the Dow 
Jones Industrial Average Index. 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at  
https://www.proshares.com/funds/dog.html 
ProShares 
Short S&P 500 
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:SH 
 
ProShares Short S&P 
500 is a fund of the 
ProShares Trust. The 
ProShares Trust is a 
Delaware 
statutory 
trust. 
SH 
US74347B4251  
The ProShares Short S&P 500 seeks daily investment 
results, before fees and expenses, that correspond to 
the inverse (-1x) of the daily performance of the S&P 
500. 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at  
https://www.proshares.com/funds/sh.html 
ProShares 
Short 
Russell2000 
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:RWM 
 
ProShares 
Short 
Russell2000 is a fund of 
the 
ProShares 
Trust.The 
ProShares 
Trust is a Delaware 
statutory trust. 
RWM 
 US74348A2107 
 
The ProShares Short Russell2000 seeks daily 
investment results, before fees and expenses, that 
correspond to the inverse (-1x) of the daily 
performance of the Russell 2000 Index. 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at  
https://www.proshares.com/funds/rwm.html 
Vanguard Total 
World Stock 
Index Fund 
ETF 
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:VT 
 
Delaware 
Statutory 
Trust 
VT 
US9220427424 
 
The Vanguard Total World Stock Index Fund ETF 
tracks the performance of the FTSE Global All Cap 
Index.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at  
https://investor.vanguard.com/etf/profile/VT 
VanEck 
Semiconductor 
ETF 
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
XNMS:SMH 
 
Delaware 
Statutory 
Trust 
SMH 
US92189F6768 
The VanEck Semiconductor ETF seeks to replicate as 
closely as possible, before fees and expenses, the 
price and yield performance of the MVIS® US Listed 
Semiconductor 25 Index, which is intended to track 
the overall performance of companies involved in 
semiconductor production and equipment. 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at 
https://www.vaneck.com/us/en/investments/semicon
ductor-etf-
smh/?gclid=EAIaIQobChMIlavZrZ278wIV5mxvBB3Xj
Q4dEAAYAiAAEgJ8aPD_BwE 
ARK Genomic 
Revolution ETF 
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
BATS:ARKG 
 
Delaware 
Statutory 
Trust 
ARKG 
US00214Q3020 
ARK Genomic Revolution ETF is an actively managed 
ETF that seeks long-term growth of capital by 
investing under normal circumstances primarily (at 
least 80% of its assets) in domestic and foreign equity 
securities of companies across multiple sectors, 
including 
health 
care, 
information 
technology, 
materials, energy and consumer discretionary, that 
are relevant to the fund’s investment theme of the 
genomics revolution.  
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at 
https://ark-funds.com/funds/arkg/

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
ARK Next 
Generation 
Internet ETF 
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:ARKW 
 
Delaware 
Statutory 
Trust 
ARKW 
US00214Q4010 
ARK Next Generation Internet ETF is an actively 
managed ETF that seeks long-term growth of capital 
by investing under normal circumstances primarily (at 
least 80% of its assets) in domestic and U.S. 
exchange 
traded 
foreign 
equity 
securities 
of 
companies that are relevant to the fund’s investment 
theme of next generation internet.  
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://ark-funds.com/funds/arkw/ 
ARK Innovation 
ETF 
NYSE 
 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:ARKK 
 
Delaware 
Statutory 
Trust 
ARKK 
US00214Q1040 
ARK Innovation ETF is an actively managed ETF that 
seeks long-term growth of capital. It seeks to achieve 
this investment objective by investing under normal 
circumstances primarily (at least 65% of its assets) in 
domestic and foreign equity securities of companies 
that are relevant to the fund’s investment theme of 
disruptive 
innovation. 
ARK 
defines 
‘‘disruptive 
innovation’’ as the introduction of a technologically 
enabled new product or service that potentially 
changes the way the world works 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://ark-funds.com/funds/arkk/ 
 
Berkshire 
Hathaway Inc. 
NYSE  
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
XNYS:BRK.B 
 
Delaware Corporation 
BERK.B 
US0846707026 
Berkshire Hathaway, Inc. engages in the provision of 
property and casualty insurance and reinsurance, 
utilities and energy, freight rail transportation, finance, 
manufacturing, and retailing services.  
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found 
at:

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
https://www.berkshirehathaway.com/ 
U.S. Global 
Jets ETF 
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:JETS 
 
Delaware 
Statutory 
Trust 
JETS 
US26922A8421 
The U.S. Global Jets ETF provides the U.S. Global 
Jets Index which uses smart beta 2.0 strategy to track 
the global airline industry, including commercial 
airlines, aircraft manufacturers, airport operators and 
internet media and services related to airlines. 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.usglobaletfs.com/fund/u-s-global-jets-etf/ 
Financial Select 
Sector 
SPDR 
Fund  
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:XLF 
 
 
Delaware Statutory 
Trust 
XLF 
US81369Y6059 
The Financial Select Sector SPDR® Fund seeks to 
provide investment results that, before expenses, 
correspond 
generally 
to 
the 
price 
and 
yield 
performance of the Financial Select Sector Index. 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.sectorspdr.com/sectorspdr/sector/xlf 
VanEck 
Gold 
Miners ETF 
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:GDX 
 
Delaware 
Statutory 
Trust 
GDX 
US92189F1066 
The VanEck Gold Miners ETF seeks to replicate as 
closely as possible, before fees and expenses, the 
price and yield performance of the NYSE Arca Gold 
Miners Index, which is intended to track the overall 
performance of companies involved in the gold mining 
industry. 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.vaneck.com/us/en/investments/gold-
miners-etf-gdx/documents/

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
KraneShares 
CSI 
China 
Internet ETF 
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:KWEB 
 
Delaware 
Statutory 
Trust 
KWEB 
US5007673065 
The KraneShares CSI China Internet ETF tracks the 
CSI Overseas China Internet Index, a free float market 
capitalization weighted index consisting of China 
based companies whose primary business or 
businesses are focused on internet and internet-
related technology. These companies are publicly 
traded on either the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, 
NASDAQ Stock Market, or New York Stock Exchange 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://kraneshares.com/kweb/ 
 
iShares 
Biotechnology 
ETF 
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
XNMS:IBB 
 
Delaware 
Statutory 
Trust 
IBB 
US4642875565 
 
The iShares Biotechnology ETF seeks to track the 
investment results of an index composed of U.S. listed 
equities in the biotechnology sector. 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.ishares.com/us/products/239699/ishares
-nasdaq-biotechnology-etf 
 
Energy 
Select 
Sector 
SPDR 
Fund  
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:XLE 
 
Delaware 
Statutory 
Trust 
XLE 
US81369Y5069 
The Energy Select Sector SPDR Fund seeks to 
provide investment results that, before expenses, 
correspond 
generally 
to 
the 
price 
and 
yield 
performance of the Energy Select Sector Index. 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.ssga.com/us/en/intermediary/etfs/funds/t
he-energy-select-sector-spdr-fund-xle

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
iShares Global 
Clean 
Energy 
ETF 
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
XNMS:ICLN 
 
Delaware 
Statutory 
Trust 
ICLN 
US4642882249 
The iShares Global Clean Energy ETF seeks to track 
the investment results of an index composed of global 
equities in the clean energy sector. 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.ishares.com/us/products/239738/ishares
-global-clean-energy-etf 
SPDR Gold 
Trust  
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:GLD 
 
Unit investment trust 
organised under the 
laws of the State of 
New York 
GLD 
US78463V1070 
 
 
The SPDR Gold Trust offers investors a means of 
participating in the gold bullion market without the 
necessity of taking physical delivery of gold, and to 
buy and sell that interest through the trading of  a 
security on a regulated stock exchange.  
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.spdrgoldshares.com/ 
 
United States 
Oil Fund LP 
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:USO 
 
Limited partnership 
organised under the 
laws of the State of 
Delaware   
 
USO 
US91232N2071  
 
The United States Oil Fund LP’s investment objective 
is to track a benchmark of short-term oil futures 
contracts. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.uscfinvestments.com/uso 
 
United 
States 
Brent Oil Fund 
LP 
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:BNO 
 
Limited partnership 
organised under the 
laws of Delaware 
BNO 
US91167Q1004 
The United States Brent Oil Fund LP tracks the Brent 
oil spot price using near-month ICE futures contracts. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.uscfinvestments.com/bno

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
WisdomTree 
Brent Crude Oil 
Borse Frankfurt 
https://www.boerse-
frankfurt.de/en/etf/wisdomtree
-brent-crude-oil-1 
 
Public company 
incorporated in Jersey 
OOEA 
JE00B78CGV99 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil is a fully collateralised, 
UCITS 
eligible 
exchange-traded 
commodity  
designed to provide investors with a total return 
exposure to Brent Crude Oil futures contracts. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/fi-fi/products/ucits-etfs-
unleveraged-etps/commodities/wisdomtree-brent-
crude-oil 
 
WisdomTree 
WTI Crude Oil 
Borse Frankfurt 
https://www.boerse-
frankfurt.de/en/etf/wisdomtree
-wti-crude-oil-1 
 
Public company 
incorporated in Jersey 
OD7F 
GB00B15KXV33 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil is a fully collateralised, 
UCITS 
eligible 
exchange-traded 
commodity  
designed to provide investors with a total return 
exposure to WTI Crude Oil futures contracts. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/da-dk/products/ucits-
etfs-unleveraged-etps/commodities/wisdomtree-wti-
crude-oil 
 
 
United States 
Natural Gas 
Fund 
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:UNG 
 
 
Limited partnership 
organised under the 
laws of the State of 
Delaware  
UNG 
US9123183009 
 
The United States Natural Gas Fund LP (“UNG”) is 
an exchange traded security that is designed to 
track in percentrage terms the movements of natural 
gas prices. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.uscfinvestments.com/ung 
 
WisdomTree 
Natural Gas 
Borse Frankfurt 
https://www.boerse-
frankfurt.de/en/etf/wisdomtree
-natural-gas-1 
Public company 
incorporated in Jerey 
OD7L 
GB00B15KY104 
Wisdom Tree Natural Gas is a fully collateralised, 
UCTIS eligible exchange traded commodity 
designed to provide investors with a total return 
exposure to natural gas futures contracts.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/fr-lu/products/ucits-etfs-
unleveraged-etps/commodities/wisdomtree-natural-
gas 
 
United States 
Copper Index 
Fund 
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:CPER 
 
Delaware Statutory 
Trust 
CPER 
US9117181043 
 
United States Copper Index Fund (“CPER”) is an 
exchange traded security.  Its investment objective 
is for the daily changes in percentage terms of its 
shares’ per share net asset value to reflect the daily 
changes in percentage terms of the SummerHaven 
Copper Index Total Return, less CPER’s expenses. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.uscfinvestments.com/cper 
 
WisdomTree 
Copper 
Borse Frankfurt 
https://www.boerse-
frankfurt.de/en/etf/wisdomtree
-copper-1 
 
 
Public company 
incorporated in Jersey  
OD7C 
GB00B15KXQ89 
Wisdom Tree Copper is a fully collateralised, UCTIS 
eligible exchange traded commodity designed to 
provide investors with a total return exposure to 
copper futures contracts. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/fr-lu/products/ucits-etfs-
unleveraged-etps/commodities/wisdomtree-copper 
 
 
iShares Silver 
Trust 
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:SLV 
 
Unit trust organised 
under the laws of the 
State of New York 
SLV 
US46428Q1094 
iShares Silver Trust seeks to reflect generally the 
performance of the price of silver. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.ishares.com/us/products/239855/ishare
s-silver-trust-fund

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
iShares MSCI 
South Korea 
ETF  
NYSE  
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:EWY 
 
Delaware Statutory 
Trust 
EWY 
US4642867729 
The iShares MSCI South Korea ETD seeks to track 
the investment results of an index composed of 
South Korean equities, as represented by the MSCI 
Korea 25/50 Index. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.ishares.com/us/products/239681/ishare
s-msci-south-korea-capped-etf 
 
iShares MSCI 
China ETF 
NYSE  
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
XNMS:MCHI 
 
Delaware Statutory 
Trust 
MCHI 
US46429B6719 
The iShares MCSI China ETF seeks to track the 
investment results of an index composed of Chinese 
stocks that are available to international investors. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.ishares.com/us/products/239619/ishare
s-msci-china-etf 
 
iShares MSCI 
Taiwan ETF 
NYSE  
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:EWT 
 
 
Delaware Statutory 
Trust 
EWT 
US46434G7723 
The iShares MSCI Taiwan ETF seeks to track the 
investment results of an index composed of 
Taiwanese equities. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.ishares.com/us/products/239686/ishare
s-msci-taiwan-etf 
 
iShares MSCI 
Japan ETF  
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:EWJ 
 
Delaware Statutory 
Trust  
EWJ 
US46434G8226 
The iShares MSCI Japan ETF seeks to track the 
investment results of an index composed of 
Japanese equities. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at:

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
https://www.ishares.com/us/products/239665/ishare
s-msci-japan-etf 
 
iShares Core 
DAX UCITS 
ETF (DE)  
Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
https://www.boerse-
frankfurt.de/en/etf/ishares-
core-dax-ucits-etf-de-eur-acc 
 
 
Exchange traded fund 
organised under the 
laws of Germany. 
EXS1 
DE0005933931 
The iShares Core DAX UCITS ETF (DE) seeks to 
track the performance of an index composed of the 
40 largest and most traded German companies listed 
on the Prime Segment of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange.  
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.ishares.com/uk/individual/en/products/2
51464/ishares-dax-ucits-etf-de-
fund?switchLocale=y&siteEntryPassthrough=true 
 
 
Wahed FTSE 
USA Shariah 
ETF 
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
XNMS:HLAL 
 
Delaware Statutory 
Trust  
HLAL 
US53656F6079 
 
 
The Wahed FTSE USA Shariah ETF seeks to track 
the total return performance, before fees and 
expenses, of the FTSE USA Shariah Index. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.wahed.com/hlal 
 
 
 
 
Wahed Dow 
Jones Islamic 
World ETF  
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
XNMS:UMMA 
 
Delaware Statutory 
Trust 
UMMA  
US53656F2680 
 
Though actively managed, the Wahed Dow Jones 
Islamic World ETF largely tracks the Dow Jones 
Islamic Market International Titans 100 Index.  
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.wahed.com/umma

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
iShares 20+ 
Year Treasury 
Bond ETF 
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
XNMS:TLT 
 
Delaware Statutory 
Trust  
TLT 
US4642874329 
The iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF seeks to 
track the investment results of the ICE US Treasury 
20+ Year Index, an index composed of U.S. Treasury 
bonds with remaining maturities greater than twenty 
years. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.ishares.com/us/products/239454/ishare
s-20-year-treasury-bond-etf 
 
iShares 7-10 
Year Treasury 
Bond ETF 
NYSE 
 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
XNMS:IEF 
 
Delaware Statutory 
Trust  
IEF  
US4642874402 
The iShares 7-10 Year Treasury Bond ETF seeks to 
track the investment results of the ICE US Treasury 
7-10 Year Index, an index composed of U.S. 
Treasury bonds with remaining maturities between 
seven and ten years. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.ishares.com/us/products/239456/ishare
s-710-year-treasury-bond-etf 
 
iShares TIPS 
Bond ETF  
NYSE 
 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:TIP 
 
Delaware Statutory 
Trust  
TIP 
US4642871762 
The iShares TIPS Bond ETF seeks to track  the 
investment results of an index composed of inflation-
protected US Treasury Bonds. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.ishares.com/us/products/239467/ishare
s-tips-bond-etf 
 
iShares 
MSCI 
India ETF 
NYSE  
 
https://www.nyse.com/site-
search?q=INDA&page=1 
 
Delaware Statutory 
Trust  
INDA  
US46429B5984 
The iShares MSCI India ETF seeks to track the 
investment results of an index composed of Indian 
equities.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.ishares.com/us/products/239659/ishare
s-msci-india-etf 
 
ProShares VIX 
Short-Term 
Futures ETF 
NYSE 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
BATS:VIXY 
 
Delaware Statutory 
Trust 
VIXY 
US74347Y8545 
 
The ProShares VIX Short-Term Futures ETF seeks 
investment results, before fees and expenses, that 
track the performance of the S&P 500 VIX Short-
Term Futures Index. 
 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.proshares.com/our-
etfs/strategic/vixy?gclid=EAIaIQobChMIr5_GjLDA_
QIVDRbUAR126wkdEAAYASAAEgIZD_D_BwE 
 
iShares $ 
Treasury Bond 
1-3yr UCITS 
ETF 
London Stock Exchange 
 
https://www.londonstockexch
ange.com/stock/IBTA/ishares/
company-page 
 
 
Ireland 
IBTA  
IE00BYXPSP02 
The iShares $ Treasury Bond 1-3yr UCITS ETF 
seeks to track the performance of an index 
composed of US Dollar denominated government 
bonds issued by the US Treasury. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
 
https://www.ishares.com/uk/individual/en/products/2
87340/ishares-treasury-bond-1-3yr-ucits-etf 
 
 
Vanguard USD 
Corporate 1-3 
Year Bond 
UCITS ETF 
London Stock Exchange 
 
https://www.londonstockexch
ange.com/stock/VDCA/vangu
ard/company-page 
 
Ireland 
VDCA  
IE00BGYWSV06 
The Vanguard USD Corporate 1-3 Year Bond UCITS 
ETF seeks to track the performance of the 
Bloomberg Global Aggregate Corporate USD 1-3 
index. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at:

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
https://www.vanguardinvestor.co.uk/investments/va
nguard-usd-corporate-1-3-year-bond-ucits-etf-usd-
distributing/overview 
 
iShares $ High 
Yield Corp 
Bond UCITS 
ETF 
London Stock Exchange 
 
https://www.londonstockexch
ange.com/stock/IHYA/ishares
/company-page 
 
Ireland 
IHYA   
IE00BYXYYL56 
The iShares $ High Yield Corp Bond UCITS ETF 
seeks to track the performance of an index 
composed of US Dollar denominated high yield 
corporate bonds. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.ishares.com/uk/individual/en/products/2
51833/ishares-high-yield-corporate-bond-ucits-etf 
 
iShares US 
Aggregate 
Bond UCITS 
ETF 
London Stock Exchange 
 
 
https://www.londonstockexch
ange.com/stock/IUAA/ishares
/company-page 
Ireland 
IUAA  
IE00BYXYYM63 
The iShares US Aggregate Bond UCITS ETF seeks 
to track the performance of an index composed of US 
Dollar denominated high yield corporate bonds. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
 
https://www.ishares.com/uk/individual/en/products/2
51750/ishares-us-aggregate-bond-ucits-etf 
 
iShares $ TIPS 
UCITS ETF 
London Stock Exchange 
 
 
https://www.londonstockexch
ange.com/stock/ITPS/ishares/
company-page 
Ireland 
IDTP  
IE00B1FZSC47 
The iShares $ TIPS UCITS ETF seeks to track the 
performance of an index composed of US Dollar 
denominated 
investment 
grade 
government, 
government-related, 
corporate 
and 
securitised 
bonds. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
 
https://www.ishares.com/uk/individual/en/products/2
51714/ishares-tips-ucits-etf

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
iShares $ Corp 
Bond UTIS 
ETF 
London Stock Exchange 
 
https://www.londonstockexch
ange.com/stock/LQDA/ishare
s/company-page 
 
Ireland 
LQDA   
IE00BYXYYJ35 
The iShares $ Corp Bond UTIS ETF seeks to track 
the performance of an index composed of US Dollar 
denominated investment grade corporate bonds. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
 
https://www.ishares.com/uk/individual/en/products/2
51832/ishares-corporate-bond-ucits-etf 
 
Vanguard USD 
Emerging 
Markets 
Government 
Bond UCITS 
ETF 
London Stock Exchange 
 
https://www.londonstockexch
ange.com/stock/VDTY/vangu
ard/company-page 
Ireland 
VDEA   
IE00BGYWCB81 
The Vanguard USD Emerging Markets Government 
Bond UCITS ETF seeks to track the performance of 
the Bloomberg EM USD Sovereign + Quasi-Sov 
Index. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
 
https://www.vanguard.co.uk/professional/product/etf
/bond/9664/usd-emerging-markets-government-
bond-ucits-etf-usd-distributing 
 
iShares Core 
S&P 500 
UCITS ETF 
London Stock Exchange 
 
https://www.londonstockexch
ange.com/market-
stock/0A3D/ishares-core-s-p-
500-ucits-etf-usd/overview 
Ireland 
CSPX  
IE00B5BMR087 
The iShares Core S&P 500 UCITS ETF seeks to 
track the performance of an index composed of 500 
large cap U.S. companies. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
 
https://www.ishares.com/uk/individual/en/products/2
53743/ishares-sp-500-b-ucits-etf-acc-fund 
 
iShares MSCI 
USA UCITS 
ETF 
London Stock Exchange 
 
Ireland 
CSUS 
IE00B52SFT06 
The iShares MSCI USA UCITS ETF seeks to track 
the performance of an index composed of companies 
from the U.S.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
https://www.londonstockexch
ange.com/stock/CSUS/ishare
s/company-page 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
 
https://www.ishares.com/uk/individual/en/products/2
53740/ishares-msci-usa-b-ucits-etf 
 
iShares MSCI 
USA Small Cap 
ESG Enhanced 
UCITS ETF 
London Stock Exchange 
 
https://www.londonstockexch
ange.com/stock/CUSS/ishare
s/company-page 
Ireland  
CUSS 
IE00B3VWM098 
The iShares MSCI USA Small Cap ESG Enhanced 
UCITS ETF aims to achieve a return on your 
investment which reflects the return of the MSCI USA 
Small Cap ESG Enhanced Focus CTB Index. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.ishares.com/uk/individual/en/products/2
53480/ishares-msci-usa-small-cap-ucits-etf 
 
iShares Core 
MSCI Japan 
IMI UCITS EF 
London Stock Exchange 
 
https://www.londonstockexch
ange.com/stock/IJPA/ishares/
company-page 
Ireland 
IJPA  
IE00B4L5YX21 
The iShares Core MSCI Japan IMI UCITS EF seeks 
to track the performance of an index composed of 
Japanese large, mid and small cap companies. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.ishares.com/uk/individual/en/products/2
51867/?referrer=tickerSearch 
 
 
iShares S&P 
500 Health 
Care Sector 
UCITS ETF 
London Stock Exchange 
 
 
https://www.londonstockexch
ange.com/stock/IUHC/ishares
/company-page 
Ireland 
IUHC  
IE00B43HR379 
The iShares S&P 500 Health Care Sector UCITS 
ETF seeks to track the performance of an index 
composed of U.S. health sector companies as 
defined by the Global Industry Classification 
Standard. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at:

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
https://www.ishares.com/uk/individual/en/products/2
80507/ishares-sp-500-health-care-sector-ucits-etf 
 
iShares S&P 
500 Information 
Technology 
Sector UCITS 
ETF 
London Stock Exchange 
 
https://www.londonstockexch
ange.com/stock/IUIT/ishares/
company-page 
 
Ireland 
IUIT  
IE00B3WJKG14 
The iShares S&P 500 Information Technology Sector 
UCITS ETF seeks to track the performance of an 
index composed of U.S. information technology 
sector companies as defined by the Global Industry 
Classification Standard. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.ishares.com/uk/individual/en/products/2
80510/ishares-sp-500-information-technology-
sector-ucits-etf 
 
Vanguard 
FTSE 
Developed Asia 
Pacific ex 
Japan UCITS 
ETF 
London Stock Exchange 
 
https://www.londonstockexch
ange.com/stock/VAPU/vangu
ard/company-page 
Ireland 
VAPU   
IE00BK5BQZ41 
The Vanguard FTSE Developed Asia Pacific ex 
Japan UCITS ETF seeks to track the performance 
of the FTSE Developed Asia Pacific ex Japan Index. 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.vanguardinvestor.co.uk/investments/va
nguard-ftse-developed-asia-pacific-ex-japan-ucits-
etf-usd-distributing 
 
Vanguard 
FTSE 
Developed 
Europe ex UK 
UCITS ETF  
London Stock Exchange 
 
https://www.londonstockexch
ange.com/stock/VERE/vangu
ard/company-page 
Ireland 
VERE   
IE00BK5BQY34   
The Vanguard FTSE Developed Europe ex UK 
UCITS ETF seeks to track the performance of the 
Index, a widely recognised market- capitalization 
weighted index of stock market performance of 
European developed countries, excluding the United 
Kingdom, that is comprised of the stocks of large and 
mid capitalisation companies in that region. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at:

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
https://www.morningstar.co.uk/uk/etf/snapshot/snap
shot.aspx?id=0P0001I3S9 
 
Proshares Ultra 
Bloomberg 
Natural Gas 
New York Stock Exchange 
 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:BOIL 
Delaware Statutory 
Trust 
BOIL 
 
US74347Y7638 
 
ProShares Ultra Bloomberg Natural Gas seeks daily 
investment results, before fees and expenses, that 
correspond to two times (2x) the daily performance 
of the Bloomberg Natural Gas Subindex. 
 
Proshares Ultra 
Bloomberg 
Crude Oil  
New York Stock Exchange  
 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:UCO 
Delaware Statutory 
Trust 
UCO 
US74347Y8883 
 
ProShares Ultra Bloomberg Crude Oil seeks daily 
investment results, before fees and expenses, that 
correspond to two times (2x) the daily performance 
of the Bloomberg Commodity Balanced WTI Crude 
Oil Index. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
 
https://www.proshares.com/our-etfs/leveraged-and-
inverse/uco 
 
iShares MSCI 
USA Min Vol 
Factor ETF 
New York Stock Exchange 
 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
BATS:USMV 
 
Delaware Statutory 
Trust 
USMV 
US46429B6974 
The iShares MSCI USA Min Vol Factor ETF seeks to 
track the investment results of an index composed of 
U.S. equities that, in the aggregate, have lower 
volatility characteristics relative to the broader U.S. 
equity market. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can be 
found at: 
https://www.ishares.com/us/products/239695/ishare
s-msci-usa-minimum-volatility-etf 
 
Invesco S&P 
500 Low 
Volatility ETF 
 
New York Stock Exchange 
 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
ARCX:SPLV 
 
Massachusetts 
business trust 
SPLV 
US46138E3541 
The Invesco S&P 500 Low Volatility ETF is 
based on the S&P 500 Low Volatility Index which  
is compiled, maintained and calculated by 
Standard & Poor's and consists of the 100 
securities from the S&P 500 Index with the

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
lowest realized volatility over the past 12 
months.  
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can 
be found at: 
https://www.invesco.com/us/financial-
products/etfs/product-
detail?audienceType=Investor&ticker=SPLV 
 
 
iShares MSCI 
USA Quality 
Factor ETF 
New York Stock Exchange 
 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/
BATS:QUAL 
 
Delaware Statutory 
Trust 
QUAL 
US46432F3394 
The iShares MSCI USA Quality Factor ETF seeks to 
track the investment results of an index composed of 
U.S. large- and mid-capitalization stocks with quality 
characteristics 
as 
identified 
through 
certain 
fundamental metrics. 
 
Further information on the Reference Asset can 
be found at: 
https://www.ishares.com/us/products/256101/isha
res-msci-usa-quality-factor-etf

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
 
(v) 
Futures Contracts  
A futures contract is a standardised contract traded on, or subject to the rules of, an exchange that calls for 
the future delivery of a specified quantity and type of a particular underlying asset at a specified time and 
place or alternatively may call for cash settlement. Futures contracts are traded on a wide variety of underlying 
assets, including bonds, interest rates, agricultural products, stock indexes, currencies, energy, metals, 
economic indicators and statistical measures. The notional size and calendar term of futures contracts on a 
particular underlying asset are identical and are not subject to any negotiation, other than with respect to 
price and the number of contracts traded between the buyer and seller.  
 
Certain futures contracts settle in cash, reflecting the difference between the contract purchase/sale price 
and the contract settlement price. The cash settlement mechanism avoids the potential for either side to have 
to deliver the underlying asset. For other futures contracts, the contractual obligations of a buyer or seller 
may generally be satisfied by taking or making physical delivery of the underlying asset or by making an 
offsetting sale or purchase of an identical futures contract on the same or linked exchange before the 
designated date of delivery. The difference between the price at which the futures contract is purchased or 
sold and the price paid for the offsetting sale or purchase, after allowance for brokerage commissions, 
constitutes the profit or loss to the trader.  
Margin Requirements  
“Initial” or “original” margin is the minimum amount of funds that parties to a futures contract must deposit 
with his commodity broker in order to establish an open position. Maintenance margin is the amount 
(generally less than initial margin) to which a party’s account may decline before he must deliver additional 
margin so as to maintain open positions. A margin deposit is like a cash performance bond. It helps assure 
the party’s performance of the futures contracts it purchases or sells. 
The margin payments to be made on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the futures contracts will be managed 
by the Margin Loan Provider and such margin payments will be paid from the balance of the Margin Account. 
The Portfolio Administrator will monitor the balance of the Margin Account to ensure that it is sufficient to 
satisfy any margin payments that are required from time to time.  
Rolling Forward of Futures Contracts  
The vast majority of futures trades made by speculators are offset before the final expiration of the futures 
contracts. Alternatively, some traders might allow their positions to expire. A small group of investors, 
however, mainly institutions such as pension funds, endowments and money managers, might wish to extend 
their positions beyond the contract expiration. The strategy that allows them to extend a futures contract from 
one expiration to the next is referred to as rolling the futures contract (or rolling forward). A roll forward 
involves two elements, firstly offsetting the current position and secondly establishing a new position in the 
next contract period. One transaction that effects this strategy is called a calendar spread which guarantees 
that the two elements will be filled at the same time or not at all.  This eliminates the possibility that the market 
moves in the interim between the elements. The Portfolio Administrator will be responsible for managing the 
rolling forward of futures contracts by the Issuer.  
All futures contracts to be acquired by the Issuer will be listed on any of the exchanges listed below: 
• 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (“CME Inc.”) 
• 
Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (“ICE”) 
(the “Futures Exchanges”). 
Clearing of Futures Contracts 
Futures contracts listed on CME Inc. are centrally cleared whereby the Issuer’s counterparty exposure will 
be to the clearing house of the CME Group the parent company of CME Inc.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
Futures contracts listed on ICE are centrally cleared whereby the Issuer’s counterparty exposure will be to 
the clearing house of ICE.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
(vi) 
Mutual Funds 
The Issuer may issue a Series of ETP Securities designating any of the mutual funds listed below as Reference Assets: 
Name of Reference 
Asset 
Country of 
Incorporation 
/Legal 
Jurisdiction  
Registered 
Office 
Ticker 
ISIN 
Exchange 
General Description of the Reference Asset  
Blackrock Smaller 
Companies Trust plc  
United Kingdom  
Exchange 
Place 1,  
1 Semple 
Street, 
Edinburgh EH3 
8BL 
BRSC 
GB0006436108 
London 
Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.londo
nstockexchange.c
om/stock/BRSC/bl
ackrock-smaller-
co-trust-
plc/company-page 
 
 
The BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust plc is an investment trust 
that aims to achieve long-term capital growth for shareholders 
through investment mainly in smaller UK quoted companies. The 
company is managed by BlackRock Fund Managers Limited. The 
latest corporate and performance data can be found on the 
BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited website at: 
www.blackrock.com/uk/brsc. 
 
 
Smithson Investment 
Trust plc  
United Kingdom 
6th Floor, 
125 London 
Wall, 
London, 
EC2Y 5AS 
SSON 
GB00BGJWTR88 
London 
Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.londo
nstockexchange.c
om/stock/SSON/s
mithson-
investment-trust-
plc/company-page 
 
 
The Smithson Investment Trust is an investment trust whose 
investment policy is to invest in shares issued by small and mid-sized 
listed or traded companies globally with a market capitalisation (at the 
time of initial investment) of between £500 million to £15billion. The 
Company’s approach is to be a long-term investor in its chosen 
stocks. It will not adopt short-term trading strategies. Accordingly, it 
will pursue its investment policy by investing in approximately 25 to 
40 companies. It is managed by Fundsmith LLP. The latest corporate 
and performance data can be found at: www.smithson.co.uk 
 
 
Finsbury Growth and 
Income Trust plc  
United Kingdom 
52 Lothian 
Road, 
Festival 
Square, 
Edinburgh 
EH3 9WJ 
FGT 
GB0007816068 
London 
Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.lond
onstockexchang
e.com/stock/FG
T/finsbury-
growth-income-
trust-
Finsbury Growth & Income Trust PLC is an investment trust that 
invests principally in the securities of UK listed companies with the 
objective of achieving capital and income growth and providing a total 
return in excess of that of its benchmark, the FTSE All-Share Index 
(net dividends reinvested).It is managed by Lindsell Train Limited. 
The latest corporate and performance data can be found at: 
www.finsburygt.com

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
plc/company-
page 
 
 
 
Scottish Mortgage 
Investment Trust PLC 
United Kingdom 
Calton Square, 
1 
Greenside 
Row, Edinburgh 
EH1 3AN. 
 
SMT 
GB00BLDYK618 
London 
Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.londo
nstockexchange.c
om/stock/SMT/sco
ttish-mortgage-
investment-trust-
plc/company-page 
 
Scottish Mortgage Investment Trust is an investment trust that aims 
to identify, own and support the world’s most exceptional growth 
companies. It aims to provide long-term funding and support for the 
companies and entrepreneurs building the future of our economy. It 
is managed by Baillie Gifford & Co. The latest corporate and 
performance 
data 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
http://www.scottishmortgage.co.uk/ 
 
 
 
Pershing Square 
Holdings Limited  
Bailiwick of 
Guernsey 
Northern Trust 
International 
P.O. Box 255 
Trafalgar Court 
Les 
Banques 
St. Peter Port 
Guernsey GY1 
3QL 
PSH 
GG00BPFJTF46 
London 
Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.londo
nstockexchange.c
om/stock/PSH/per
shing-square-
holdings-
ltd/company-page 
 
Pershing Square Holdings Limited is an investment holding company 
structured as a closed-ended fund principally engaged in the 
business of acquiring and holding significant (but generally not 
controlling) positions in a concentrated number of large capitalization 
companies. The company’s objective is to maximize its long-term 
compound annual rate of growth in intrinsic value per share. The 
latest corporate and performance data can be found at: 
https://pershingsquareholdings.com/ 
 
Central Securities 
Corporation  
United States of 
America  
630 Fifth 
Avenue 
New York, New 
York 10111 
CET 
US1551231020 
New York Stock 
Exchange  
https://www.nyse.
com/quote/XASE:
CET 
 
 
 
Central Securities Corporation’s investment objective is long-term 
growth of capital. In pursuing it’s investment objective, the company 
invests primarily in equity securities that it believes are undervalued 
at the time of purchase and have the potential for growth. It is the 
company’s goal to own companies that it believes will generate 
superior returns when compared with the broad market and 
preserve the company’s capital in an inflationary environment. The 
latest corporate and performance data can be found at: 
http://www.centralsecurities.com/

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
.SUPPLEMENTS 
The Issuer shall prepare a supplement (each a "Supplement") to this Base Prospectus or publish a new 
base prospectus whenever required by the guidelines of any stock exchange on which ETP Securities are 
listed or, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation if there is a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy affecting any matter contained in this Base Prospectus, the inclusion of 
information in respect of which would have been so required if it had arisen when this Base Prospectus was 
prepared and/or pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of ETP Securities of 
any Series, the information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets 
and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to 
the ETP Securities. In relation to any ETP Securities which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer 
has endeavoured to include in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information 
relating to such ETP Securities which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only 
be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of ETP Securities. 
Any information relating to any ETP Securities which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is 
required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of ETP Securities will be 
contained in the relevant Final Terms. 
For a Tranche of ETP Securities which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes 
of that Tranche only, supplement this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of ETP Securities which is the 
subject of Final Terms are the Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ETP SECURITIES 
The terms and conditions of the ETP Securities from the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 
5 February 2020 shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus (“Terms and 
Conditions Version 1”).  All other parts of the Base Prospectus dated 5 February 2020 are not relevant for 
investors or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  The Base Prospectus dated 5 February 2020 
can be viewed at:  
https://leverageshares.com/documents/prospectus/Leverage-Shares-Base-Prospectus-5-February-
2020.pdf. 
The terms and conditions of the ETP Securities from the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 
6 November 2020 shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus (“Terms 
and Conditions Version 2”).  All other parts of the Base Prospectus dated 6 November 2020 are not relevant 
for investors or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus dated 6 November 
2020 can be viewed at:  
https://leverageshares.com/documents/prospectus/Leverage-Shares-Base-Prospectus-6-November-
2020.pdf 
The terms and conditions of the ETP Securities from the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 
18 December 2020 shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus (“Terms 
and Conditions Version 3”). All other parts of the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2020 are not 
relevant for investors or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus dated 18 
December 2020 can be viewed at:  
https://leverageshares.com/documents/prospectus/Leverage-Shares-Base-Prospectus-18-December-
2020.pdf 
The terms and conditions of the ETP Securities from the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 
7 December 2021 shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus (“Terms 
and Conditions Version 4”). All other parts of the Base Prospectus dated 7 December 2021 are not relevant 
for investors or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus dated 7 December 
2021 can be viewed at:  
https://leverageshares.com/documents/prospectus/Leverage-Shares-Base-Prospectus-7-December-
2021.pdf 
The terms and conditions of the ETP Securities from the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 
16 May 2022 shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus (“Terms and 
Conditions Version 5”). All other parts of the Base Prospectus dated 16 May 2022 are not relevant for 
investors or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus dated 16 May 2022 can 
be viewed at:  
https://leverageshares.com/documents/prospectus/Leverage-Shares-Base-Prospectus-16-May-
2022.pdf?x59837 
The terms and conditions of the ETP Securities from the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 
4 May 2023 shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus (“Terms and 
Conditions Version 6”). All other parts of the Base Prospectus dated 4 May 2023 are not relevant for 
investors or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus dated 4 May 2023 can be 
viewed at:  
https://leverageshares.com/documents/prospectus/Leverage-Shares-Base-Prospectus-(CBI)-4-May-2023-
Final.pdf 
The terms and conditions set out below shall be referred to as the “Terms and Conditions Version 7”.  
The Final Terms shall specify which version of the terms and conditions shall apply to a Series of ETP 
Securities.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
Terms and Conditions Version 7 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion by the Final Terms relating 
to a particular Series or Tranche of ETP Securities, will be applicable to the ETP Securities of such Series or 
Tranche and which will be attached to or endorsed on such ETP Securities in definitive form (or, in the case 
of Registered Securities, on the Individual Certificates relating to such Registered Securities). Unless the 
context requires otherwise, references in these terms and conditions to "ETP Securities" are to the ETP 
Securities of one Series only, not to all ETP Securities which may be issued under the Programme from time 
to time. 
The ETP Securities are issued under the collateralised exchange traded securities programme of the Issuer 
(the "Programme"). 
In respect of a Series of ETP Securities, the ETP Securities of such Series will be constituted by (i) a 
supplemental trust deed dated the Issue Date of the first Tranche of ETP Securities of such Series and made 
between, among others, the Issuer and Apex Corporate Trustees (UK) Limited (the "Trustee", which 
expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed (as defined 
below)), as trustee for the holders of the ETP Securities and the other persons specified therein (as amended, 
supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time, the "Supplemental Trust Deed"; and (ii) an 
amended and restated master trust deed originally dated the Programme Effective Date and as most recently 
amended and restated on 16 August 2022 and made between the Issuer and the Trustee (as further 
amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time, the "Master Trust Deed"). The Master 
Trust Deed and the Supplemental Trust Deed in respect of each Series of ETP Securities are referred to 
together as the "Trust Deed". These terms and conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Trust Deed. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the ETP Securities of a particular Series are secured by the Security 
Documents in respect of such Series.  
The Issuer has entered into the following margin account agreements: 
(i) 
a New York law governed client agreement between the Issuer and Interactive Brokers LLC dated 19 
September 2023 (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time, the “IB Margin 
Account Agreement”); and 
(ii) 
a New York law governed account agreement between the Issuer and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC dated 
26 July 2022 (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time, the “GS Margin 
Account Agreement”). 
The defined term “LS Margin Account Agreement” herein shall mean either the IB Margin Account 
Agreement and/or the GS Margin Account Agreement and/or any other agreement entered into with a Margin 
Loan Provider, as applicable to a Series of ETP Securities.  
The LS Margin Account Agreement sets out, amongst other things, the terms on which the Margin Loan 
Provider will provide certain securities accounts, margin accounts, collateral accounts, margin loans and 
securities loans to the Issuer in respect of each Series of ETP Securities to which it is applicable. 
The Portfolio Administrator has the discretion as to whether the IB Margin Account Agreement and/or the GS 
Margin Account Agreement shall apply with respect to a Series of ETP Securities. 
The Margin Loan Provider does not guarantee payment by the Issuer to the ETP Securityholders of amounts 
due in respect of the ETP Securities, and no ETP Securityholder will have any claim against any Margin Loan 
Provider in respect of amounts due in respect of any ETP Securities. 
The Issuer, the Trustee and GWM Limited entered into an Irish law governed amended and restated portfolio 
administration agreement originally dated 5 February 2020; and as amended and restated on 6 November 
2020 (as further amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time, the "GWM Portfolio 
Administration Agreement"). 
Pursuant to the terms of the GWM Portfolio Administration Agreement, for each Series of ETP Securities to 
which the GWM Portfolio The Administration Agreement is applicable, the net proceeds of issuance of such

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
Series of ETP Securities on the Issue Date of such Series, or from the issuance of a further Tranche of such 
Series, will be paid to the Margin Loan Provider, on behalf of the Issuer, and invested as follows: 
 
▪ 
in the case of Series of ETP Securities offering Leveraged Exposures where the Reference 
Assets are Physical Assets, the net proceeds of issuance and the Leveraged Investment 
Amount (as defined below) will be invested in the Reference Assets referenced by the 
relevant Index or Investment Strategy of such Series in order to replicate (to the degree 
practicable) the return of the Index referenced by such Series or to pursue the Investment 
Strategy referenced by such Series, taking into account the applicable Leverage Factor. 
Amounts standing to the credit of the Margin Account from time to time, to the extent not 
required to be invested in Reference Assets to replicate (to the degree practicable) the return 
of the Index or to pursue the Investment Strategy, may at the direction of the Portfolio 
Administrator be maintained as cash balances in the Margin Account or invested in Ancillary 
Assets; 
▪ 
in the case of ETP Securities offering Normal Exposures where the Reference Assets are 
Physical Assets, the net proceeds of issuance will be invested in the Reference Assets 
referenced by the relevant Index or Investment Strategy of such Series in order to replicate 
(to the degree practicable) the return of the Index referenced by such Series or to pursue the 
Investment Strategy of such Series.  Amounts standing to the credit of the Margin Account 
from time to time, to the extent not required to be invested in Reference Assets to replicate 
the return of the Index or to pursue the Investment Strategy, may at the discretion of the 
Portfolio Administrator be maintained as cash balances in the Margin Account or invested in 
Ancillary Assets. 
 
▪ 
in the case of Series of ETP Securities offering Short Exposures where the Reference Assets 
are Physical Assets, the net proceeds of issuance will, at the discretion of the Portfolio 
Administrator be invested in Ancillary Assets or maintained as cash balances and will be 
held in the Margin Account along with the proceeds of short selling Reference Assets which 
shall be borrowed from the Margin Loan Provider in order to replicate (to the degree 
practicable) the return of the Index referenced by such Series or to pursue the Investment 
Strategy referenced by such Series, taking into account the applicable Leverage Factor; and  
 
▪ 
in the case of ETP Securities linked to an Index or which pursue an Investment Strategy 
where the Reference Assets are futures contracts, the net proceeds of issuance will be used 
to fund the related Margin Accounts as may be required to maintain positions in the 
Reference Assets in order to replicate (to the degree practicable) the return of the Index 
referenced by such Series or to pursue the Investment Strategy of such Series, taking into 
account the applicable Leverage Factor. Amounts standing to the credit of the Margin 
Account may also, at the discretion of the Portfolio Administrator, be maintained as cash 
balances in the Margin Account or invested in Ancillary Assets. 
 
The “Leveraged Investment Amount” will be the amount of margin that the Margin Loan Provider will 
extend by way of credit to the Issuer in the Relevant Currency equal to the product of (i) the difference 
between the Leverage Factor and one and (ii) the net proceeds of the issuance. 
An agency agreement dated 18 December 2020 has been entered into between the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent and the Arranger (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time 
to time, the “Elavon Agency Agreement”), pursuant to which the Issuing and Paying Agent provides certain 
validation and co-ordination services in relation to the issue, payment and cancellation of the Leverage 
Shares ETPs. 
An operating procedures agreement dated 18 December 2020 (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or 
replaced from time to time, the “LS Operating Procedures Agreement”) has been entered into in order to 
establish certain operational procedures in relation to ETP Securities issued under the Programme between, 
among others, the Issuer, Interactive Broker LLC, the Initial Authorised Participant (as defined below) and 
the Second Authorised participant (as defined below).  
An amended and restated broker dealer of record agreement originally dated 5 February 2020 and most 
recently amended and restated on 18 December 2020 (as further amended, supplemented, novated and/or 
replaced from time to time, the "Broker Dealer of Record Agreement") has been entered into between the

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
Issuer and the Broker Dealer of Record (as defined below) pursuant to which the Broker Dealer of Record 
has agreed to provide certain broker dealer related services and support for the Issuer. 
An amended and restated services agreement originally dated 2 February 2018 and as most recently 
amended and restated on 6 November 2020 (as further amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced 
from time to time, the "Services Agreement") has been entered into between the Issuer and the Arranger 
(as defined below) pursuant to which the Arranger has agreed to provide certain management, administration 
and arrangement services to the Issuer and to discharge certain fees, costs and expenses incurred by the 
Issuer in respect of the Programme and the ETP Securities. 
An amended and restated determination agency agreement originally dated 30 August 2019 and as most 
recently amended and restated on 6 November 2020 (as further amended, supplemented, novated and/or 
replaced from time to time, the "Determination Agency Agreement") has been entered into between the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Arranger (as defined below) and the Determination Agent (as defined below) pursuant 
to which the Determination Agent has agreed to provide certain calculation services for the Issuer. 
The ETP Securityholders are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust 
Deed, the LS Margin Account Agreement, the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Elavon Agency 
Agreement, the LS Operating Procedures Agreement, the Broker Dealer of Record Agreement, the Services 
Agreement, the Master Definitions Schedule (as defined below), and each of the other Programme 
Documents (as defined below) which are applicable to them and to have notice of each set of Final Terms 
(as defined below) issued in respect of a Series or Tranche of ETP Securities held by such ETP 
Securityholders. 
The terms and conditions of a Series of ETP Securities will be the conditions set out below as completed by 
the Final Terms applicable to such Series. References herein to the "Conditions" of the ETP Securities are 
to these terms and conditions as so completed by the Final Terms applicable to the ETP Securities. 
 
1. 
Definitions 
1.1 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
"Additional Authorised Participant" means any Eligible Authorised Participant (other than the Initial 
Authorised Participant or the Second Authorised Participant) that has entered into an Authorised 
Participant Agreement with the Issuer and has acceded to the LS Operating Procedures Agreement. 
"Additional Security Document" means, any security document relating to the ETP Securities 
designated as such by Issuer and the Trustee, as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced 
from time to time but, for the avoidance of doubt, not including the Trust Deed or the Margin Account 
Security Agreement. 
"Adjustment Event" means an Index Cancellation, an Index Modification, an Index Disruption or an 
Investment Strategy Modification. 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person or entity, any other person or entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the person or entity, any other person or entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the 
person or entity or any other person or entity directly or indirectly under common control with the 
person or entity. For these purposes, "control" of any entity or person means the power, directly or 
indirectly, either to (a) vote 10 per cent. or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for the 
election of directors of the relevant person or entity or (b) direct or cause the direction of the 
management and policies of such person or entity whether by contract or otherwise. 
"Agents" means any agent(s) as may be appointed from time to time in relation to the ETP Securities 
under the Programme Documents or any other agreement with the Issuer under which such agent is 
appointed from time to time in relation to the ETP Securities, as applicable, and any successor or 
replacement and "Agent" means any of them.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
“Ancillary Assets” means sovereign debt in the currency of denomination of the ETP Securities with 
an original maturity of less than one month which is rated at least A-1 by Standard & Poor's Ratings 
Services, and/or P-1 by Moody's Investors Service Ltd. and/or F1 by Fitch Ratings Limited.  
“Arranger” means Leverage Shares Management Company Limited.  
“Arranger Fee” means a fee charged by the Arranger in relation to each Series of ETP Securities, 
as modified by the Arranger from time to time, as set out in the Base Prospectus of the Issuer. 
"Authorised Participant" means the Initial Authorised Participant, the Second Authorised Participant 
and any Additional Authorised Participant.  
"Authorised Participant Agreement" means, in respect of an Authorised Participant, the authorised 
participant agreement (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time) 
entered into by the Issuer and such Authorised Participant. 
"Bearer Securities" has the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Broker Dealer of Record” means GWM Limited or any successor or replacement thereto or any 
other entity appointed as broker dealer of record in accordance with the terms of the Broker Dealer 
of Record Agreement. 
"Central Bank" means the Central Bank of Ireland in its capacity as the competent authority in Ireland 
under the Prospectus Regulation. 
"CGN" means a Global Bearer Security in classic global note form. 
“Clearing System Business Day” means a day on which the Relevant Clearing System is open for 
the purpose of effecting settlement of ETP Securities. 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg and any successor 
thereto. 
"Collateral Assets" means:  
(A)  
in the case of Leveraged Exposures and Normal Exposures where the Reference Assets are 
Physical Assets:  
(i)  
the Reference Assets of the applicable Index or Investment Strategy for such Series 
of ETP Physical Assets;  
(ii)  
Ancillary Assets; and 
(iii)  
any cash;  
(B)  
in the case of Short Exposures where the Reference Assets are Physical Assets:  
(i)  
the mark to market value of securities loans;  
(ii)  
the Ancillary Assets; and 
(iii)  
any cash; and  
(C)  
in the case of ETP Securities where the Reference Assets are futures contracts:  
  
(i)  
the mark to market value of the futures contract;  
  
(ii)  
the Ancillary Assets; and  
  
(iii)  
any cash,   
 
 
in each case as held in the Margin Account.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 "Common Safekeeper" means, in relation to a Series of ETP Securities issued in NGN or NSS 
form, the common safekeeper for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg appointed in respect of 
such Series. 
"Currency Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in the principal financial centre of the Relevant Currency or, in the case of euros, a city in which banks 
in general have access to the TARGET2 System. 
"Definitive Securities" means Bearer Securities in definitive form and includes any replacement ETP 
Security issued pursuant to these Conditions. 
"Denomination" means, in respect of a Series of ETP Securities, an amount equal to its Principal 
Amount. 
"Determination Agent" means Calculation Agent Services LLC and any successor or replacement 
thereto or any other entity appointed as determination agent in accordance with the terms of the 
Determination Agency Agreement. 
"Determination Agent Breach" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.6(B). 
"Disrupted Day" means: 
(A) 
in respect of any Series of ETP Securities for which the Final Terms specify that ‘Multiple 
Exchange’ is not applicable, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or 
any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on 
which a Market Disruption Event or a Severe Disruption Event has occurred; and 
(B) 
in respect of Index-linked Series of ETP Securities for which the Final Terms specify that 
‘Multiple Exchange’ is applicable, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index 
Sponsor fails to publish the level of the Index; (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for 
trading during its regular trading session; or (iii) a Market Disruption Event or a Severe 
Disruption Event has occurred; and 
(C) 
in respect of any Series of ETP Securities which pursue an Investment Strategy, for which 
the Final Terms specify that ‘Multiple Exchange’ is applicable, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which (i) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; 
or (ii) a Market Disruption Event or a Severe Disruption Event has occurred.  
"Disruption Event", in respect of a Series of ETP Securities, means any event that causes a 
Valuation Date in respect of that Series to be a Disrupted Day. 
"Disruption Redemption Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.3(C). 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange or any Related 
Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange or Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for 
the regular trading session on the Exchange or Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day 
and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange 
system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"EEA" means the European Economic Area. 
"Eligible Authorised Participant" means any entity that meets the requirements of the LS Operating 
Procedures Agreement.  
"ETP Securities" means the Series of ETP Securities to which these Conditions relates or, as the 
context may require, any or all securities issued by the Issuer under the Programme. 
"ETP Security Value" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5. 
"ETP Securityholder" and "holder" mean the bearer of any Bearer Security or the person in whose 
name a Registered Security is registered (as the case may be). 
"ETP Securityholder Notice and Direction" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.7.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and any successor thereto. 
"Event of Default" has the meaning given to it in Condition 12. 
"Event of Default Redemption Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 12. 
"Exchange" means the exchange specified in either the relevant Investment Strategy or the Final 
Terms. 
"Exchange Business Day" means: 
(A) 
in respect of any Series of ETP Securities for which the Final Terms specify that ‘Multiple 
Exchange’ is not applicable, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange and each 
Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time; and 
(B) 
in respect of any Index-linked Series of ETP Securities for which the Final Terms specify that 
‘Multiple Exchange’ is applicable, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) in the case of 
Index-linked Series, the Index Sponsor publishes the level of the Index, and (ii) the Related 
Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding the Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; and 
(C) 
in respect of any Series of ETP Securities which pursue an Investment Strategy any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which all the exchanges where the Reference Assets of the 
Investment Strategy are listed are open for trading during their regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such exchanges closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.1. 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Arranger) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or 
obtain market values for: (i) the Reference Asset on the Exchange; or (ii) futures or options contracts 
relating to the applicable Series of ETP Securities on the Related Exchange. 
"Exchangeable Bearer Securities" has the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with schedule 6 of the Master Trust Deed by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the 
votes cast, provided that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 
75 per cent. of the aggregate number of the ETP Securities who for the time being are entitled to 
receive notice of a meeting held in accordance with the Master Trust Deed shall, for all purposes, be 
as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of such ETP 
Securityholders duly convened and held in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Master 
Trust Deed.  
"Final Redemption Amount" means an amount per ETP Security calculated by the Determination 
Agent equal to the greater of: 
(A) 
the Principal Protection Amount of an ETP Security; and 
(B) 
the Pro-rata Liquidation. 
"Final Redemption Date" means for each Series, the final redemption date specified in the Final 
Terms for such Series.  
"Final Redemption Settlement Date" means the day that falls three Currency Business Days after 
the Final Redemption Date. 
"Final Terms" means the final terms specifying the relevant issue details of the ETP Securities. 
“Funding and Brokerage Fees” means, in respect of a Series, all applicable fees other than the 
Arranger Fees, including, but not limited to, margin interest, securities lending fees, brokerage fees 
and costs of transaction taxes on the sale or purchase of Reference Assets (where relevant).

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
"Further Tranche" means any Tranche of a Series of ETP Securities issued after the Series Issue 
Date in accordance with Condition 16. 
"Global Bearer Security" means the ETP Securities in bearer form represented by a global security. 
"Global Registered Certificate" means a global certificate representing ETP Securities in registered 
form. 
"Global Security" means a Global Bearer Security or a Global Registered Certificate. 
“GS Margin Account Security Agreement” the New York law governed margin account security 
agreement dated 9 September 2022 entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee with respect to 
the GS Margin Account Agreement.  
“IB Margin Account Security Agreement” means the New York law governed margin account 
security agreement dated 18 October 2023 entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee with 
respect to the IB Margin Account Agreement. 
"Index" means the index specified for the ETP Securities in the Final Terms, or any Successor Index. 
"Index Business Day" means, in respect of an Index, any day on which the Index Sponsor in respect 
of such Index is scheduled to publish the level of the Index. 
"Index Cancellation" means in respect of an Index, the Index Sponsor in respect of that Index 
permanently cancels such Index and no Successor Index is designated. 
“Index Disruption” means in respect of an Index on any Valuation Date, the Index Sponsor fails to 
calculate and announce such Index. 
“Index Level” means, in respect of an Index on any Valuation Date, the level of the Index published 
by the Index Sponsor. 
"Index Modification" means in respect of an Index, the Index Sponsor announces that it shall make 
a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating that Index or in any other way 
materially modifies that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation and other routine 
events). 
"Index Sponsor" means the index sponsor as specified in the Final Terms of a Series of ETP 
Securities.  
"Individual Certificate" means, in respect of Registered Securities, a definitive certificate in 
registered form representing such Registered Securities. 
"Initial Authorised Participant" means BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. and any successor thereto. 
"Initial Early Redemption Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.7. 
"Initial Tranche" means the first Tranche of a Series of ETP Securities issued. 
"Investment Strategy" means the investment strategy specified for the ETP Securities in the Final 
Terms. 
“Investment Strategy Modification” means with respect to an Investment Strategy, the Portfolio 
Administrator makes operational adjustments to the Investment Strategy to ensure that, so far as 
possible, the basic principles and economic effect of the Investment Strategy are maintained or any 
material modification to the Investment Strategy or its implementation by the Portfolio Administrator. 
"Issue Date" means the date of issuance of the relevant Tranche as specified in the Final Terms 
relating to such Tranche. 
"Issue Price" means, in respect of a Tranche of ETP Securities, the amount per ETP Security 
specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
"Issuer" means Leverage Shares Public Limited Company, a public limited company incorporated 
under the laws of Ireland with registration number 597399. 
"Issuer Call Redemption Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.6. 
"Issuer Redemption Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.7. 
"Issuer’s 
Website" 
means 
the 
website 
having 
the 
following 
internet 
address: 
www.leverageshares.com or such other internet address as may be used by the Issuer and notified 
to ETP Securityholders and the Trustee in accordance with Condition 17. 
"Issuing and Paying Agent" means any entity and any successor or replacement thereto, as 
specified in the Final Terms for each Series of ETP Securities, appointed as Issuing and Paying 
Agent. 
“Leveraged Exposure” means a leveraged long exposure to the Reference Asset.  
"Leverage Factor" means the leverage factor in respect of a Series of ETP Securities as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
“London Business Day” means  a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday or public holiday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in London. 
 
"Loss" means any loss, liability, cost, claim, damages, expense (including, but not limited to, legal 
costs and expenses) or demand (or actions in respect thereof), judgment, interest on any judgment, 
assessment, fees or amounts paid in settlement of any action or claim. 
"Mandatory Redemption" means a redemption of ETP Securities in accordance with Condition 8.7. 
"Mandatory Redemption Amount" means an amount per ETP Security calculated by the 
Determination Agent equal to the greater of:  
(A) 
the Principal Protection Amount of such ETP Security; and 
(B) 
the Pro-rata Liquidation. 
"Mandatory Redemption Date" means, in respect of a Mandatory Redemption Event, the date 
designated as such in accordance with Condition 8.7. 
"Mandatory Redemption Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.7. 
"Mandatory Redemption Settlement Date" means, in respect of a Mandatory Redemption Event, 
the day that falls three Currency Business Days after the day on which the Issuer has received 
payment in full from the Margin Loan Provider of the amounts payable in respect of the termination 
of the LS Margin Account Agreement. 
"Margin Account" means for each Series of ETP Securities, each account of the Margin Loan 
Provider in which the Collateral Assets and any cash in respect of a Series of ETP Securities will be 
held by the Margin Loan Provider on behalf of the Issuer. 
“Margin Account Security Agreement” means the IB Margin Account Security Agreement and/or 
the GS Margin Account Security Agreement, and/or any other security agreement entered into with 
respect to an LS Margin Account Agreement, as applicable to a Series of ETP Securities. 
 “Margin Loan Provider" means for each Series of ETP Securities, either Interactive Brokers LLC 
and/or Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC (and any of their respective successors) and/or any other entity 
appointed as margin loan provider in relation to the Programme. 
"Market Disruption Event" means: 
(A) 
in respect of a Series of ETP Securities for which the Final Terms specify that ‘Multiple 
Exchange’ is not applicable, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption which in either case the Portfolio Administrator determines in good faith

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
and in a commercially reasonably manner to be material, at any time during the one hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure; and 
(B) 
in respect of a Series of ETP Securities for which the Final Terms specify that ‘Multiple 
Exchange’ is applicable, either: 
(1) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of the Reference Asset, of: 
(i) 
a Trading Disruption, which the Portfolio Administrator determines 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner is material, 
at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such Reference 
Asset is principally traded; 
(ii) 
an Exchange Disruption, which the Portfolio Administrator 
determines in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such 
Reference Asset is principally traded; or 
(iii) 
an Early Closure. 
"Master Definitions Schedule" means the amended and restated schedule of definitions relating to 
the Programme originally dated the Programme Effective Date and as most recently amended and 
restated on or about 18 October 2023 (as further amended, supplemented and/or replaced from time 
to time). 
"Maximum Daily Redemption Limit" means a maximum limit (if applicable) on the redemption 
number of ETP Securities of a Series on any Optional Redemption Pricing Date, as may be amended 
by the Margin Loan Provider from time to time in accordance with the terms of the LS Margin Account 
Agreement and the LS Operating Procedures Agreement. 
"NGN" means a Global Bearer Security in new global note form. 
"Non-Disrupted Valuation Date" means a Valuation Date which is not a "Disrupted Day". 
“Normal Exposure” means a +1x exposure to the Reference Asset. 
"Notice Deadline" means 2.30 p.m. (Dublin time), provided that the Notice Deadline in respect of 
any Series of ETP Securities may be adjusted by agreement between the Issuer and the Margin Loan 
Provider with effect from the fifth calendar day following the date on which notice of such adjustment 
is given to the holders in accordance with Condition 17. 
"Obligor" means each person that has an obligation to the Issuer pursuant to the Secured Property. 
"Optional Redemption" means the redemption of ETP Securities at the option of one or more ETP 
Securityholders in accordance with the provisions of Condition 8.2. 
"Optional Redemption Amount" means an amount per ETP Security calculated by the 
Determination Agent equal to the greater of: 
(A) 
the Principal Protection Amount of an ETP Security; and 
(B) 
the Pro-rata Liquidation.  
"Optional Redemption Pricing Date" means a Valuation Date on which a Redemption Order is 
determined to be valid and accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the 
LS Operating Procedures Agreement. 
"Optional Redemption Settlement Date" means the second Valuation Date after the Optional 
Redemption Pricing Date, provided that such Valuation Date is not a Disrupted Day and that such 
Valuation Date is both a Currency Business Day and a Clearing System Business Day.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
“Portfolio Administration Agreement” means the GWM Portfolio Administration Agreement or any 
other portfolio administration agreemment entered into with respect to the Programme, as applicable 
to a Series of ETP Securities. 
"outstanding" means, for the purposes of the Conditions, the LS Margin Account Agreement and 
the Trust Deed, in relation to the ETP Securities and a Valuation Date, (i) on the Series Issue Date, 
the ETP Securities issued on such date, and (ii) on any Valuation Date thereafter, all the ETP 
Securities issued on or prior to such Valuation Date except (a) those that have been redeemed in 
accordance with Condition 8; (b) those that have been cancelled for any reason; (c) those in respect 
of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys have been duly paid to 
the Trustee or to the Issuing and Paying Agent and which remain available for payment against 
presentation and surrender of ETP Securities; (d) those that have become void or in respect of which 
claims have become prescribed; (e) those which have been issued and which are pending settlement 
to an Authorised Participant but in respect of which the relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not 
paid in full the relevant subscription amount under the Authorised Participant Agreement; (f) those in 
respect of which a Final Redemption Settlement Date, Mandatory Redemption Settlement Date or 
Optional Redemption Settlement Date has occurred and in respect of which the Issuer (or the Trustee 
or the Issuing and Paying Agent, as the case may be) has received in full the related termination 
payment under the LS Margin Account Agreement; (g) those that have been purchased, settled and 
cancelled as provided in Condition 8.4; (h) those mutilated or defaced Bearer Securities that have 
been surrendered in exchange for replacement Bearer Securities; (i) (for the purpose only of 
determining how many ETP Securities are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any 
other purpose) those Bearer Securities alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect 
of which replacement ETP Securities have been issued and (j) any Global Bearer Security to the 
extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Securities pursuant to its 
provisions; provided that for the purposes of (1) ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any 
meeting of the ETP Securityholders, (2) the determination of how many ETP Securities are 
outstanding for the purposes of the Conditions, the LS Margin Account Agreement and the Trust 
Deed and (3) the exercise of any discretion, power or authority that the Trustee is required, expressly 
or impliedly, to exercise in or by reference to the interests of the ETP Securityholders, those ETP 
Securities that are beneficially held by or on behalf of the Issuer and not cancelled shall (unless no 
longer so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding. For the avoidance of doubt, ETP Securities (if 
any) which the Issuer has agreed on or prior to such Valuation Date to redeem but in respect of which 
the related termination payment under the LS Margin Account Agreement has not yet been paid in 
full to the Issuer (or the Trustee or Issuing and Paying Agent, as applicable) shall be deemed to be 
"outstanding" on such Valuation Date and ETP Securities (if any) which the Issuer has agreed on or 
prior to such Valuation Date to issue but in respect of which payment of the relevant subscription 
amount has not been received in full from the relevant Authorised Participant(s) and settlement to 
such relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not yet occurred shall not be deemed to be "outstanding" 
on such Valuation Date. 
"Paying Agent" means any entity as may be appointed from time to time as paying agent of the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 10.7, and any successor or replacement thereto. 
"Payment Business Day" means, in respect of any ETP Securities, any day (i) on which the Relevant 
Clearing System is open and (ii) which is a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London and the financial centre of the Relevant Currency which, in 
the case of a payment in EUR, is a TARGET Settlement Day.  
“Physical Assets” means equity securities, debt securities, fixed income securities, mutual funds 
and units in exchanged traded funds.  
"Portfolio Administrator" means any entity and any successor or replacement thereto, as specified 
in the Final Terms for each Series of ETP Securities, appointed as Portfolio Administrator in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Portfolio Administration Agreement. 
"Potential Event of Default" means an event or circumstance that could, with the giving of notice, 
lapse of time and/or issue of a certificate become an Event of Default. 
"Principal" means the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount or the Mandatory 
Redemption Amount (as applicable).

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
"Principal Amount" means, in respect of any ETP Security, the amount in the Relevant Currency 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Principal Protection Amount" means an amount per ETP Security, in respect of each Tranche of 
ETP Securities, corresponding to 2.00 per cent of the Principal Amount for the ETP Security of such 
Tranche. 
"Pro-rata Liquidation" means an amount equal to the liquidation of the relevant Collateral Assets 
held in the Margin Account for a Series of ETP Securities, pro rata to the amount of ETP Securities 
being redeemed divided by the total number of ETP Securities for such Series, after the pro rata 
deduction of all costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer in connection with the liquidation of such 
Collateral Assets, the pro rata deduction of the Arranger Fee and any Funding and Brokerage Fees.  
"Proceedings" has the meaning given to it in Condition 19.2. 
"Programme Document" means each of the Master Trust Deed, the Elavon Agency Agreement, the 
IB Margin Account Agreement, the GS Margin Account Agreement, the IB Margin Account Security 
Agreement, the GS Margin Account Security Agreement, the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the 
LS Operating Procedures Agreement, the Determination Agency Agreement, the Broker Dealer of 
Record Agreement, the Services Agreement and each Authorised Participant Agreement and 
"Programme Documents" means all such documents. 
"Programme Effective Date" means 5 December 2017.  
"Programme Maximum Number of ETP Securities" means 5,000,000,000,000. 
"Programme Party" means a party to a Programme Document (other than the Issuer and ETP 
Securityholders). 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
"Publication Event Redemption Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.7. 
"Publication Failure Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.7. 
“Rebalance Business Day” means any day which is a, Exchange Business Day and also a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payment in the country in which the 
relevant Reference Asset is admitted to trading or any other day designated as a Rebalance Business 
Day by the Issuer. 
"Record Date" means the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment. 
"Redemption Amount" means either the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption 
Amount or the Mandatory Redemption Amount. 
"Redemption Account" means, in respect of ETP Securities, a bank account to receive payments 
in the Relevant Currency of the Optional Redemption Amount in respect of the redemption of such 
ETP Securities, which account shall be: 
(A) 
for an Authorised Participant, the bank account notified in writing for such purposes by the 
Authorised Participant to the Issuer, the Margin Loan Provider and the Trustee from time to 
time; and 
(B) 
otherwise, the bank account specified in the Redemption Order. 
"Redemption Order" means a Redemption Order in the form attached to the LS Operating 
Procedures Agreement, or such other form as may be acceptable to the Issuer in its sole discretion. 
"Redemption Limit" means the sum of the Maximum Daily Redemption Limits applicable to the LS 
Margin Account Agreement relating to the ETP Securities. 
“Reference Asset” means the underlying asset(s) of the relevant Index or Investment Strategy in 
respect of a Series of ETP Securities as specified in the Final Terms and/or Investment Strategy, as 
applicable.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
"Registered Securities" has the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
"Registrar" means Elavon Financial Services DAC or any successor or replacement thereto or any 
other entity appointed as registrar. 
"Related Exchange" means the exchange specified in the Final Terms. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means (i) Euroclear, (ii) Clearstream, Luxembourg, or (iii) any other 
recognised clearing system in which ETP Securities of a Series may be cleared. 
"Relevant Currency" means the currency of denomination of the ETP Securities, as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
"Relevant Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 11. 
"Relevant Provisions" means, in respect of the Determination Agent, the provisions of the 
Determination Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed, and the Conditions. 
"Relevant Stock Exchange" any stock exchange on which ETP Securities of a Series may be listed. 
"RIS" means a regulated information service for the purposes of giving information relating to the 
ETP Securities and/or the rules of the Relevant Stock Exchange chosen by the Issuer from time to 
time, including but not limited to the Regulatory News Service (the "RNS") of the London Stock 
Exchange. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Valuation 
Date, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Valuation 
Date, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means: 
(A) 
in respect of any Series of ETP Securities for which the Final Terms specify that ‘Multiple 
Exchange’ is not applicable, any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange 
are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; and 
(B) 
in respect of any Index-linked Series of ETP Securities for which the Final Terms specify that 
‘Multiple Exchange’ is applicable, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to 
publish the level of the Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for 
trading for its regular trading session; and 
(C) 
in respect of any Series of ETP Securities which pursue an Investment Strategy for which 
the Final Terms specify that ‘Multiple Exchange’ is applicable, any day on which the Related 
Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session. 
“Second Authorised Participant” means GWM Limited and any successor thereto.  
"Secondary Early Redemption Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.7. 
"Secured Creditor" means the Trustee, the Margin Loan Provider and the holders of the ETP 
Securities. 
"Secured Obligations" means all present and future obligations of the Issuer to the Secured 
Creditors under the Programme Documents and each ETP Security.  
"Secured Property" means the assets that are the subject of the security constituted by the Security 
Documents.  
"Securities Act" means The United States Securities Act of 1933 as amended.  
"Security" means, as the context requires, the security constituted by the Security Documents. 
"Security Document" means each of the Trust Deed, the Margin Account Security Agreement and 
any Additional Security Document.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
"Series" means all ETP Securities having the same ISIN or other similar identifier, including the Initial 
Tranche and any Further Tranche. 
"Series Issue Date" means the date of issuance of the Initial Tranche of a Series of ETP Securities, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Severe Disruption Event" means any event specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Share Trustee" means Monument Trustees Limited, with its registered office at 57 Herbert Lane, 
Dublin 2, Ireland and CRO number 345558, and any successor thereto. 
“Short Exposure” means a short inversed leveraged exposure to the Reference Asset. 
"Subscription Limit" means any applicable limit on the Issuer’s ability to fund newly issued ETP 
Securities pursuant to the terms of the LS Operating Procedures Agreement or the LS Margin 
Account Agreement, as may be amended from time to time. 
"Subscription Order" means a request from an Authorised Participant delivered to the Issuer to 
issue ETP Securities. 
"Subscription Settlement Date" means the second Valuation Date after the Subscription Trade 
Date, provided that such Valuation Date is not a Disrupted Day and that such Valuation Date is both 
a Currency Business Day and a Clearing System Business Day. 
"Subscription Suspension Event" means the delivery by the Issuer of a notice in writing to each 
Authorised Participant, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Determination Agent pursuant to the 
LS Operating Procedures Agreement stating that with effect from the date specified in such notice 
subscription of the ETP Securities shall be so suspended. 
"Subscription Trade Date" means, subject to Condition 9.2, a Valuation Date on which a 
Subscription Order is determined to be valid and accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance 
with the terms of the LS Operating Procedures Agreement. 
"Successor Index", in respect of a Series of ETP Securities, means: 
(A) 
if a relevant Index is not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated 
and announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Determination Agent, such index; 
or if the Index is calculated by a replacement sponsor chosen by the Issuer at its discretion 
and acceptable to the Determination Agent, such index; and 
(B) 
if a relevant Index is replaced by a successor index or replacement index referred to in (A) 
above, using, in the determination of the Determination Agent, the same or a substantially 
similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Index, such 
replacement index. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means a day on which the TARGET2 System is operating. 
"TARGET2 System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) system or any successor thereto. 
"Tax" means any tax, duty, assessment, levy, charge or withholding of whatsoever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any Authority (including any penalty or interest payable in 
connection with any failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same). 
"Termination" means, in respect of the LS Margin Account Agreement, the total or partial close-out 
of the LS Margin Account Agreement in accordance with its terms. 
“Threshold Event Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.5. 
"Tranche" means, in relation to a Series of ETP Securities issued on any date, the ETP Securities 
that are issued on the same Issue Date with the same Principal Amount. 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to 
the Reference Asset, or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the applicable Series of ETP 
Securities on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Transfer Agent" means any entity as may be appointed from time to time as transfer agent in 
accordance with the terms of the Elavon Agency Agreement and any successor or replacement 
thereto. 
“UK Prospectus Regulation” means the United Kingdom’s version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published 
when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Directive 2003/71/EC, which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
"Unscheduled Rebalance" means an unscheduled rebalance occurring on a Valuation Date on 
which the rebalancing mechanism built in the relevant Index or Investment Strategy in respect of a 
Series of ETP Securities has been triggered by a change in the price of the corresponding Reference 
Asset of such Index or Investment Strategy by more than the relevant trigger level for the Index or 
Investment Strategy in accordance with its methodology. 
 
"Valuation Date", (i) in respect of any Index-linked Series means each Exchange Business Day and, 
in respect of a Subscription Order or a Redemption Order, each Exchange Business Day; and (ii) in 
respect of any Series which pursues an Investment Strategy, each Exchange Business Day and in 
respect of a Subscription Order or a Redemption Order, each Exchange Business Day. 
 
"Valuation Time" means: 
(A) 
in respect of a Series of ETP Securities for which the Final Terms specify that ‘Multiple 
Exchange’ is not applicable, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant 
Valuation Date; and 
(B) 
in respect of Index-linked Series where the Final Terms specify that ‘Multiple Exchange’ is 
applicable: 
1. for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred (i) 
in respect of the Reference Asset, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange, 
and (ii) in respect of any options contracts of future contracts on the Index, the close 
of trading on the Related Exchange; and 
2. in all other circumstances, the time at which the official Index Level is calculated and 
published by the Index Sponsor; and 
(C) 
in respect of any Series of ETP Securities which pursue an Investment Strategy, where the 
Final Terms specify that “Multiple Exchange” is applicable, the Scheduled Closing Time of 
the Related Exchange.  
“Value Adjustments" means cash lending revenues and other revenues on collateral in respect of 
a Series of ETP Securities.  
 
1.2 
Interpretation 
All capitalised terms used but not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them 
in the Master Trust Deed, the Trust Deed and/or the Master Definitions Schedule. 
2. 
Form and Title 
The ETP Securities may be issued in bearer form (including in new global note form ("NGN") and in 
classic global note form ("CGN") and serially numbered ("Bearer Securities", which expression 
includes ETP Securities which are specified to be Exchangeable Bearer Securities), in registered 
form ("Registered Securities"), in bearer form exchangeable for Registered Securities 
("Exchangeable Bearer Securities"), in each case in the Denomination(s) and Relevant Currency 
specified in the Final Terms. If it is stated in the Final Terms that the form of some or all of the ETP 
Securities is "Bearer", such ETP Securities are Bearer Securities. If it is so stated that the form of 
some or all of the ETP Securities is "Exchangeable Bearer", such ETP Securities are Exchangeable

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
Bearer Securities. If it is so stated that the form of some or all of the ETP Securities is "Registered", 
such ETP Securities are Registered Securities. Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, the form 
of all of the ETP Securities of a particular Series on issue will be the same. 
In respect of Bearer Securities relating to a Series to be issued in global form, such Bearer Securities, 
will (a) if the Bearer Securities are intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the Final Terms 
relating to such Series, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date to a Common Safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; and (b) if the Bearer Securities are intended to be 
issued in CGN form, as stated in the Final Terms relating to such Series be delivered on or prior to 
the original issue date to a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In respect of Registered Securities relating to a Series to be issued in global form, the Global 
Registered Certificate in respect of such Registered Securities will be registered in the name of a 
nominee for, and shall be deposited on its issue date with a common depositary on behalf of, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Registered Securities issued under the New Safekeeping 
Structure shall be deposited with a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
All Registered Securities of the same Series shall have the same Denomination. Where 
Exchangeable Bearer Securities are issued, the Registered Securities for which they are 
exchangeable shall have the same Denomination as the lowest denomination of Exchangeable 
Bearer Securities.  
Title to the Bearer Securities shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered Securities shall pass by 
registration in the register (the "Register") which the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar 
in accordance with the provisions of the Elavon Agency Agreement.  
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined 
below) of any ETP Security shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such 
ETP Security for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on account thereof and for all other 
purposes, whether or not such ETP Security shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing thereon made by anyone and no person will be liable 
for so treating the holder. 
3. 
Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Securities and transfers of Registered Securities 
and Uncertified Registered Securities 
3.1 
Exchange of Bearer Securities and Exchangeable Bearer Securities 
The Global Bearer Security relating to Bearer Securities is exchangeable (free of charge to the 
holder) on or after the Exchange Date in whole but not in part for Definitive Securities if the Global 
Bearer Security is held on behalf of a Relevant Clearing System and the Relevant Clearing System 
is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 calendar days (other than by reason of holidays, 
statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or does, in fact, do 
so. 
"Exchange Date" means a day falling not less than 60 calendar days after the date on which the 
notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the 
specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located. 
Any such exchange may be effected on or after an Exchange Date by the holder of the Global Bearer 
Security surrendering the Global Bearer Security to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
In exchange for the Global Bearer Security, the Issuer shall deliver, or procure the delivery of, duly 
executed and authenticated Definitive Securities in an aggregate number equal to the number of ETP 
Securities represented by the Global Bearer Security submitted for exchange, security printed in 
accordance substantially in the form required under the Trust Deed. 
Subject as provided in Condition 3.5, each Exchangeable Bearer Security may be exchanged in 
whole but not in part for the same aggregate principal amount of Registered Securities represented 
by an Individual Certificate at the request in writing of the relevant ETP Securityholder and upon 
surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Security to be exchanged at the specified office of the 
Registrar. Registered Securities may not be exchanged for Bearer Securities and Bearer Securities 
of one Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Securities of another Denomination. Bearer

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
Securities which are not Exchangeable Bearer Securities may not be exchanged for Registered 
Securities. 
3.2 
Transfer of Registered Securities in definitive form 
One or more Registered Securities may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of 
the Registrar) of the Individual Certificate representing such Registered Securities to be transferred, 
together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Individual Certificate, (or another form of transfer 
substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), 
unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the 
Registrar may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered 
Securities represented by one Individual Certificate, a new Individual Certificate shall be issued to 
the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Individual Certificate in respect of 
the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. The regulations may be 
changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar and the ETP Securityholders. 
A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any ETP Securityholder 
upon request. 
3.3 
Exercise of options or partial redemption in respect of Registered Securities 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer's or an ETP Securityholder’s option in respect of, or a 
redemption of a part of, a holding of Registered Securities represented by a single Individual 
Certificate, a new Individual Certificate shall be issued to the holder in respect of the balance of the 
holding not subject to the exercise of such option or, as the case may be, redeemed. New Individual 
Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Individual Certificates to the 
Registrar. 
3.4 
Delivery of new Individual Certificates 
Each new Individual Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 3.2 to 3.3 will be available for 
delivery within five business days of surrender of the relevant Exchangeable Bearer Security or, as 
the case may be, the relevant Individual Certificate and, if applicable, receipt of the relevant request 
for exchange, form of transfer or notice of exercise together with such other evidence (if any) as may 
be required pursuant to the relevant Condition. Delivery of new Individual Certificate(s) shall be made 
at the specified office of the Registrar to whom surrender of such Individual Certificate and, if 
applicable, delivery of such request, form of transfer or notice of exercise shall have been made or, 
at the option of the holder making such delivery and surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the 
relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, notice of exercise or otherwise in writing, shall be 
mailed at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Individual Certificate to such address as may be 
so specified. In this Condition 3.4 "business day" means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, 
on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the Registrar. 
3.5 
Exchange and transfer free of charge 
Exchange and transfer of ETP Securities on registration or transfer will be effected without charge by 
or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar, but upon payment by the relevant ETP Securityholder (or 
the giving by the relevant ETP Securityholder of such indemnity as the Registrar may require in 
respect thereof) of any tax or other governmental charges which may be imposed in relation to it. 
3.6 
Closed periods 
No ETP Securityholder may require the transfer of a Registered Security to be registered or an 
Exchangeable Bearer Security to be exchanged for one or more Registered Security(s) (i) during the 
period of 15 calendar days ending on the due date for redemption of that ETP Security, (ii) during the 
period of 15 calendar days prior to any date on which ETP Securities may be redeemed by Optional 
Redemption pursuant to Condition 8.2 or by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 8.6, (iii) 
after any such ETP Security has been drawn for redemption in whole or in part or (iv) during the 
period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. An Exchangeable Bearer Security 
called for redemption may, however, be exchanged for one or more Registered Security(s) in respect 
of which the Individual Certificate is simultaneously surrendered not later than any Record Date.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
4. 
Constitution and status 
Each Series of ETP Securities is constituted by the applicable Trust Deed and secured by the 
applicable Security Documents. The ETP Securities of each Series are secured, limited recourse 
debt obligations of the Issuer, at all times ranking pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves, secured in the manner described in Condition 6 and recourse in respect of which is 
limited in the manner described in Condition 6.6 and Condition 13. 
5. 
ETP Security Value 
The “ETP Security Value” in respect of any Valuation Date (which is not a Disrupted Day and on 
which an Unscheduled Rebalance does not occur) shall be calculated as follows: 
(i) the ETP Security Value on the immediately preceding Valuation Date; adjusted by  
(ii) the change in the value of the Collateral Assets in respect of a Series of ETP Securities 
since such preceding Valuation Date; minus 
(iii) the applicable Funding and Brokerage Fees; minus 
(iv) the Arranger Fee, plus 
(v) any Value Adjustments 
provided that on the Issue Date of each Tranche, the ETP Security Value will be equal to the Issue 
Price of the ETP Security. Unless otherwise specified, amounts and values for each Valuation Date 
shall be calculated as at the Valuation Time for such Valuation Date. 
6. 
Security 
6.1 
Security 
(A) 
The Security in respect of the ETP Securities shall be constituted by the Security Documents, 
as described below. Additional Security Documents may be entered into in respect of 
particular Series if required by the Trustee.  
(1) 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Secured Obligations of the Issuer shall be secured by: 
(a) 
an assignment by way of security of all of the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and 
benefit present and future in, to and under the Programme Documents to the 
extent that they relate to the ETP Securities; and 
(b) 
a first fixed charge over (i) all sums held now or in the future by or on behalf 
of the Issuer (including, without limitation, by the Issuing and Paying Agent 
and/or the Registrar to meet payments due in respect of the obligations and 
duties of the Issuer under the Security Documents and the ETP Securities, (ii) 
the Collateral Assets and any sums of money, securities, financial instruments 
or other property received or receivable now or in the future by or on behalf of 
the Issuer under the LS Margin Account Agreement and the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement and (iii) all of the Issuer’s rights as against the 
Margin Loan Provider in respect of any sum or property now or in the future 
standing to the credit of the relevant accounts of the Issuer with the Margin 
Loan Provider, in each case, to the extent that they relate to the ETP 
Securities, in favour of the Trustee for its benefit and for the benefit of the 
Secured Creditors. 
(2) 
With respect to the GS Margin Account Agreement, the Issuer and the Trustee have 
entered into the GS Margin Account Security Agreement. Pursuant to the GS Margin

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
Account Security Agreement the Secured Obligations of the Issuer shall be secured 
by: 
(a) 
assigning  to the Trustee by way of security all the Issuer’s rights, title, interest 
and benefit present and future in, to and under the GS Margin Account 
Agreement to the extent that they relate to such Series of ETP Securities to 
which the GS Margin Account Agreement applies; and 
(b) 
granting a continuing lien on and security interest in favour of the Trustee in 
all of the Issuer’s rights as against the Margin Loan Provider under the GS 
Margin Account Agreement in respect of any sum or property now or in the 
future standing to the credit of the Margin Account and any other account of 
the Issuer with the Margin Loan Provider to the extent that they relate to such 
Series of ETP Securities to which the GS Margin Account Agreement applies; 
and  
(c) 
granting a continuing lien on and security interest in favour of the Trustee in 
all of the Issuer’s present and future right, title and interest in and to all of the 
Collateral Assets held in the Margin Account to the extent that they relate to 
such Series of ETP Securities to which the GS Margin Account Agreement 
applies. 
(3) 
With respect to the IB Margin Account Agreement, the Issuer and the Trustee have 
entered into the IB Margin Account Security Agreement. Pursuant to the IB Margin 
Account Security Agreement the Secured Obligations of the Issuer shall be secured 
by: 
(a) 
assigning  to the Trustee by way of security all the Issuer’s rights, title, interest 
and benefit present and future in, to and under the IB Margin Account 
Agreement to the extent that they relate to such Series of ETP Securities to 
which the IB Margin Account Agreement applies; and 
(b) 
granting a continuing lien on and security interest in favour of the Trustee in all 
of the Issuer’s rights as against the Margin Loan Provider under the IB Margin 
Account Agreement in respect of any sum or property now or in the future 
standing to the credit of the Margin Account and any other account of the Issuer 
with the Margin Loan Provider to the extent that they relate to such Series of 
ETP Securities to which the IB Margin Account Agreement applies; and  
(c) 
granting a continuing lien on and security interest in favour of the Trustee in all 
of the Issuer’s present and future right, title and interest in and to all of the 
Collateral Assets held in the Margin Account to the extent that they relate to 
such Series of ETP Securities to which the IB Margin Account Agreement 
applies. 
(B) 
The Security created by the Security Documents in respect of the ETP Securities is granted 
to the Trustee as continuing security for the Secured Obligations. In accordance with the 
Security Documents, prior to any enforcement of the Security, the Trustee will be deemed to 
release from such Security without the need for any notice or other formalities: 
(1) 
sums held by the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Registrar and/or the Margin Loan 
Provider, as applicable, to the extent required for payment of any sum in respect of 
the ETP Securities and/or under the Programme Documents which is due and 
payable to be duly made (which for the avoidance of doubt shall include, without 
limitation, amounts payable in respect of Principal to the ETP Securityholders in 
accordance with these Conditions, amounts payable to the Margin Loan Provider 
under the LS Margin Account Agreement and Optional Redemption Amounts in 
respect of the ETP Securities payable to any Authorised Participant by the Issuer);

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
(2) 
any part of the Secured Property to the extent required to be delivered to or to the 
order of the Margin Loan Provider pursuant to the terms of the LS Margin Account 
Agreement;  
(3) 
any part of the Secured Property to the extent required to facilitate the acquisition or 
sale of any Collateral Assets in accordance with the terms of the Conditions and the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement; and 
(4) 
any part of the Secured Property to the extent required to comply with and subject to 
the provisions of Conditions 6.6 and 6.7. 
6.2 Money received by the Trustee prior to enforcement of Security 
(A) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, the Issuer agrees, on any date on which a payment 
of Principal under these Conditions in respect of any ETP Securities becomes due, 
unconditionally to pay the Trustee (or to the order of the Trustee) in same day cleared funds, 
in accordance with the Trust Deed, the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption 
Amount or the Mandatory Redemption Amount, as applicable, in respect of the ETP 
Securities which is due and payable on that date. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions or the Trust Deed, (1) payment 
of Principal due under the ETP Securities pursuant to the Conditions made to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent and/or the Registrar as provided in the Elavon Agency Agreement shall, to that 
extent, satisfy the Issuer’s obligation to make payments of Principal in respect of the ETP 
Securities to the Trustee for the account of the ETP Securityholders except to the extent that 
there is failure by the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the Registrar to pass such payment 
to the relevant ETP Securityholders (whether via payment through the Relevant Clearing 
System or otherwise) and (2) a payment of Principal made after the due date or as a result 
of the ETP Securities becoming repayable following an Event of Default or the occurrence of 
a Mandatory Redemption Event shall be deemed to have been made when the full amount 
due has been received by the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the Registrar or the Trustee 
and notice to such effect has been given by the Issuing and Paying Agent to the ETP 
Securityholders, except to the extent that there is failure by the Issuing and Paying Agent 
and/or the Registrar to pass such payment to the relevant ETP Securityholders (whether via 
payment through the Relevant Clearing System or otherwise). Under the terms of the Trust 
Deed, the Trustee holds the benefit of this covenant on trust for itself and the ETP 
Securityholders according to their respective interests. 
(B) 
Save for any moneys received in connection with the realisation or enforcement of all or part 
of the Security, all moneys received by or on behalf of the Trustee in relation to the Issuer’s 
covenant to pay Principal pursuant to Condition 6.2(A) will, despite any appropriation of all or 
part of them by the Issuer, be held by the Trustee on trust to apply them: 
 
(1) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities 
incurred by or payable to the Trustee under or pursuant to the relevant Security 
Documents (including, without limitation, any Taxes (other than any income, 
corporation or similar tax in respect of the Trustee’s remuneration) required to be 
paid by the Trustee in connection with the performance of its obligations under the 
relevant Security Documents and the Trustee’s remuneration); 
(2) 
secondly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Margin Loan Provider under the 
LS Margin Account Agreement, including margin interest, securities lending and 
brokerage fees; 
(3) 
thirdly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Arranger in respect of the Arranger 
Fee;    
(4) 
fourthly, in payment of any amounts owing to the holders of the relevant ETP 
Securities pari passu and rateably; and 
(5) 
fifthly, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
If the Trustee holds any moneys in respect of ETP Securities that have become void or in 
respect of which claims have become prescribed, the Trustee will hold them on trust as 
described above. 
6.3 
Enforcement of Security constituted by the Security Documents 
The Security constituted by the Security Documents in respect of the ETP Securities shall become 
enforceable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant to Condition 12 below. 
6.4 
Realisation of Security constituted by the Security Documents 
At any time after the Security constituted by the Security Documents has become enforceable, the 
Trustee may, at its discretion, and shall, if so directed in writing by holders of at least a majority of 
the ETP Securities then outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the ETP Securityholders (a 
copy of which has been provided to the Trustee), in each case subject to its having been pre-funded 
and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction by the ETP Securityholders in accordance with 
the Trust Deed, enforce the Security constituted by the Security Documents. 
To do this, the Trustee may, at its discretion, (i) enforce and/or terminate any relevant Programme 
Document relating to the ETP Securities in accordance with its or their terms, and/or take action 
against the relevant Obligor(s) and/or (ii) take possession of and/or realise all or part of the assets 
over which the Security constituted by the Security Documents shall have become enforceable and 
may in its discretion, sell, call in, collect and convert into money all or part of such assets, in such 
manner, at such time and on such terms as it thinks fit, in each case without any liability as to the 
consequence of such action and without having regard to the effect of such action on individual ETP 
Securityholders. 
The Trustee may, in writing, appoint a receiver or receivers over all or part of the assets over which 
the Security constituted by the Security Documents shall have become enforceable and may remove 
any receiver so appointed and appoint another in its place. No delay or waiver of the right to exercise 
these powers shall prejudice their future exercise. 
Neither the Trustee nor any receiver appointed by it or any attorney or agent of the Trustee will, by 
reason of taking possession of any assets or any other reason and whether or not as mortgagee in 
possession, be liable to account for anything except actual receipts or be liable for any loss or damage 
arising from the realisation of such assets or from any act or omission to such assets or otherwise 
unless such loss or damage shall be caused by its own fraud, gross negligence or wilful default. 
The Trustee shall not be required to take any action in relation to the Security constituted by the 
Security Documents which may (i) be illegal or contrary to any applicable law or regulation or (ii) 
cause it to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any liability (including any personal liability) 
in the performance of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, powers and discretions, without 
first being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
6.5 
Application of proceeds of enforcement of Security 
Pursuant to the terms of the Security Documents, following enforcement of the security the Trustee 
will apply the proceeds derived from the realisation of the assets that are the subject of the security 
constituted by the relevant Security Documents (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement and 
after taking account of any Taxes incurred, withheld or deducted by or on behalf of the Issuer) as 
follows: 
(A) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other 
amounts properly incurred by or payable in respect of the ETP Securities to the Trustee or 
any receiver under or pursuant to the relevant Security Documents (which shall include, 
without limitation, any Taxes required to be paid by the Trustee (other than any income, 
corporation or similar Tax in respect of the Trustee’s remuneration), the costs of enforcing or

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
realising all or some of the Security constituted by the Security Documents and the Trustee’s 
remuneration); 
(B) 
secondly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Margin Loan Provider under the LS Margin 
Account Agreement, including margin interest securities lending and brokerage fees;  
(C) 
thirdly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Arranger in respect of the Arranger Fee;    
(D) 
fourthly, in payment of any amounts owing to the ETP Securityholders pari passu and 
rateably; and 
(E) 
fifthly, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself. 
6.6  
Shortfall after application of proceeds; Limited recourse and non-petition 
In respect of any claim against the Issuer in relation to the ETP Securities, with the exception of the 
Margin Loan Provider with respect to the LS Margin Account Agreement; the Programme Parties and 
the ETP Securityholders shall have recourse only to the Secured Property in respect of such ETP 
Securities, subject always to the Security, and not to any other assets of the Issuer. If, following 
realisation in full of the Secured Property (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) and 
application of available cash sums as provided in this Condition 6 and the Security Documents, as 
applicable, any outstanding claim against the Issuer, whether secured or unsecured, remains unpaid, 
then such outstanding claim shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect 
thereof. Following the extinguishment of any such claim, with the exception of the Margin Loan 
Provider with respect to the LS Margin Account Agreement, none of the Programme Parties, the ETP 
Securityholders or any other person acting on behalf of any of them shall be entitled to take any 
further steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, corporate service providers or 
directors to recover any further sum in respect of the extinguished claim and no debt shall be owed 
to any such persons by the Issuer in respect of such further sum.  
With the exception of the Margin Loan Provider with respect to the LS Margin Account Agreement, 
none of the Programme Parties or the ETP Securityholders or any person acting on behalf of any of 
them may, at any time, bring, institute or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining 
insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, examinership or any other similar proceedings 
(whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets, and none of them 
shall have any claim arising with respect to the sums, assets and/or property attributable to any other 
securities issued by the Issuer (save for any further securities which form a single Series with the 
ETP Securities). 
The LS Margin Account Agreement does not contain limited recourse provisions with respect to the 
liabilities of the Issuer.  If following realisation in full of the Secured Property (whether by way of 
liquidation or enforcement) and application of available cash in accordance with the applicable orders 
of priority and the Trust Deed, a claim remains outstanding against the Issuer by the Margin Loan 
Provider, such claim may be made against assets attributable to other outstanding Series of ETP 
Securities on a pro rata basis.  The Broker Dealer of Record, however, has agreed to indemnify the 
Issuer against any loss, cost, claim, action, demand or expense which the Issuer may incur as a 
result of any such claims by the Margin Loan Provider. 
The provisions of this Condition 6.6 shall survive notwithstanding any redemption of the ETP 
Securities or the termination or expiration of any Programme Document. 
6.7 
Issuer’s rights as beneficial owner of Secured Property  
Notwithstanding Condition 14.1, at any time before the Security constituted by the Security 
Documents becomes enforceable, the Issuer may, without the sanction of an Extraordinary 
Resolution and without the prior written consent of the Trustee: 
(A) take such action in relation to the Secured Property relating to the ETP Securities as may be 
required by the Programme Documents; and 
(B) exercise any rights incidental to the ownership of the assets which are the subject of the Security 
constituted by the Security Documents which are exercisable by the Issuer and, in particular (but,

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
without limitation, and without responsibility for their exercise), any voting rights in respect of 
such property and all rights to enforce any such ownership interests in respect of such property, 
provided that the Issuer shall not exercise any rights with respect to such assets if it is directed to the 
contrary by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution and, if such direction is given, the Issuer 
shall act only in accordance with such direction. 
7. 
Restrictions 
So long as any of the ETP Securities remain outstanding, the Issuer shall not, without the prior written 
consent of the Trustee, the Portfolio Administrator and (other than in respect of paragraphs (B), (C) 
and (F)), the Margin Loan Provider: 
(A) 
engage in any business activities, save that the Issuer may without consent engage in 
any of the following activities (or any other business activity which relates to or is 
incidental thereto): 
(1) 
issue, enter into, amend, redeem, exchange or repurchase and cancel or reissue 
or resell all or some only of the ETP Securities of any Series under the Programme 
as may be provided in these Conditions and the Trust Deed and the Programme 
Documents and in connection therewith enter into or amend any Programme 
Documents accordingly; 
(2) 
acquire and own rights, property or other assets which are to comprise Secured 
Property for a Series of ETP Securities issued under the Programme so as to enable 
it to discharge its obligations under such Series, and any relevant Programme 
Document relating to such Series; 
(3) 
perform its respective obligations under any ETP Securities issued under the 
Programme, and any relevant Programme Document entered into by it in connection 
with such Series, and any agreements incidental to the granting of Security relating 
to any such Series of ETP Securities or incidental to the issue and constitution of any 
Series of ETP Securities issued under the Programme; 
(4) 
engage in any activity in relation to the Secured Property, the Collateral Assets, the 
LS Margin Account Agreement or any other Programme Document contemplated or 
permitted by the Conditions, the LS Margin Account Agreement or such Programme 
Document relating to any Series of ETP Securities; 
(5) 
subject to as provided in the Trust Deed and in the Conditions relating to any Series 
of ETP Securities enforce any of its rights whether under the Trust Deed, any other 
Programme Document or otherwise under any agreement entered into in relation to 
any Series of ETP Securities or any Secured Property relating to any such Series;  
(6) 
issue unsecured debt securities, on the conditions that (i) the proceeds of such debt 
securities shall be used by the Issuer to disburse loans to the holder(s) of such debt 
securities; and (ii) the holder of such debt securities shall have no right to enforce 
the obligations of the Issuer thereunder; and 
(7) 
perform any other act incidental to or necessary in connection with any of the above 
(which shall include, without limitation, the appointment of auditors and any other 
administrative or management functions necessary to maintain the Issuer and/or to 
keep it operating and/or to comply with any laws, regulations or rules applicable to 
it); 
(B) 
cause or permit the LS Margin Account Agreement, the Portfolio Administration Agreement 
or the terms of the Security granted under the Security Documents and the order of priority 
specified in the Conditions and the Trust Deed, as applicable, to be amended, terminated 
or discharged (other than as contemplated or permitted by the Trust Deed, the LS Margin 
Account Agreement, the Portfolio Administration Agreement and/or the Conditions relating 
to such Series of ETP Securities);

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
(C) 
release any party to the LS Margin Account Agreement, the Trust Deed, the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement or any other relevant Programme Document relating to a Series 
of ETP Securities from any existing obligations thereunder (other than as contemplated or 
permitted by the Trust Deed, LS Margin Account Agreement, the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement, any relevant Programme Document and/or the Conditions relating to such 
Series of ETP Securities); 
(D) 
have any subsidiaries; 
(E) 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets that are the subject of the Security 
constituted by the Security Documents or any other part of the Secured Property in respect 
of any Series of ETP Securities or any right or interest therein or thereto or create or allow 
to exist any charge, lien or other encumbrance over such Secured Property (to the extent 
it relates to the Issuer) except in accordance with the Conditions of the relevant ETP 
Securities of any such Series, the LS Margin Account Agreement, the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement, the Elavon Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed for any such 
Series and any other Programme Document relating to any such Series as may be 
applicable, including liens of any Margin Loan Provider; 
(F) 
consent to any variation of, or exercise any powers or consent or waiver pursuant to, the 
terms of the LS Margin Account Agreement, the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the 
Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Programme Document relating to any Series of 
ETP Securities (other than as contemplated or permitted by the Conditions and the relevant 
Programme Documents); 
(G) 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets 
substantially as an entirety to any person (other than as contemplated by the Trust Deed 
and the Conditions for any Series of ETP Securities); 
(H) 
have any employees (provided this shall not prevent the appointment of the directors); 
(I) 
issue any shares (other than such shares in the capital of the Issuer as were issued at the 
time of its incorporation and which are held by the Share Trustee or its nominee) or make 
any distribution to its shareholders; 
(J) 
declare any dividends; 
(K) 
open or have any interest in any account with a bank or financial institution unless such 
account (i) relates to a Series of ETP Securities, the Portfolio Administration Agreement, 
the LS Margin Account Agreement or any Secured Property relating to a Series of ETP 
Securities or any party thereto and the Issuer’s interest in such account is simultaneously 
charged in favour of the Trustee so as to form part of the relevant Secured Property relating 
to such Series of ETP Securities, or (ii) is opened in connection with the administration and 
management of the Issuer and only moneys necessary for that purpose are credited to it; 
(L) 
purchase, own, or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or like 
facilities); 
(M) 
guarantee, act as surety for or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or person 
or enter into any agreement with any other entity or person whereby it agrees to satisfy the 
obligations of such entity or person or any other entity or person; 
(N) 
acquire any securities or shareholdings whatsoever from its shareholders or enter into any 
agreements whereby it would be acquiring the obligations and/or liabilities of its 
shareholders; 
(O) 
except as contemplated by any relevant Programme Document, the Conditions relating to 
a Series of ETP Securities, and/or the agreements contemplated by paragraph (A)(6) 
above, advance or lend any of its moneys or assets, including, but not limited to, the rights, 
property or other assets comprising the Secured Property for any such Series of ETP 
Securities, to any other entity or person;

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
(P) 
subject as provided in paragraph (A) above, incur any other indebtedness for borrowed 
moneys, other than (subject to Conditions 6 and 16) issuing further ETP Securities under 
the Programme (which may or may not form a single Series with the ETP Securities of any 
Series and may or may not be guaranteed by a third party) and creating or incurring further 
obligations relating to such ETP Securities, provided that: 
(1) 
if such further ETP Securities are not to form a single Series with any other Series of 
ETP Securities, such further ETP Securities and obligations are secured on assets 
of the Issuer other than (i) the assets which are the subject of the Security constituted 
by the Security Documents relating to any other Series of ETP Securities and (ii) the 
Issuer’s share capital; 
(2) 
such further ETP Securities and obligations are secured pari passu upon the assets 
which are the subject of the Security constituted by the Security Documents relating 
to the Series of ETP Securities with which such ETP Securities are to form a single 
Series; and 
(3) 
in connection with such issue of further ETP Securities, the Margin Loan Provider 
agrees to any increase of the economic exposure under the LS Margin Account 
Agreement which is necessary to facilitate the issue of such further ETP Securities. 
provided that the Issuer shall not take any action (even where the prior written consent of the 
Trustee, the Portfolio Administrator and the Margin Loan Provider is obtained) if such action 
is, in the opinion of the Issuer, inconsistent with the objects of the Issuer as specified in its 
memorandum and articles of association. 
8. 
Redemption 
8.1 Final redemption 
Unless previously redeemed in whole as provided below, each ETP Security shall become due and 
payable on its Final Redemption Settlement Date at its Final Redemption Amount. 
8.2 Optional Redemption  
(A) 
An ETP Securityholder which is also an Authorised Participant may (subject as provided 
herein) on any Valuation Date require the Issuer to redeem all or part of its holding of ETP 
Securities at the Optional Redemption Amount by submitting to the Issuer a valid 
Redemption Order in accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and 
the LS Operating Procedures Agreement. 
(B) 
An ETP Securityholder which is not also an Authorised Participant may (subject as 
provided herein) on any Valuation Date require the Issuer to redeem all or any part of its 
holding of such ETP Securities at the Optional Redemption Amount by submitting to the 
Issuer a valid Redemption Order only if the Issuer has notified the ETP Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 in respect of any Valuation Date that redemption requests 
from ETP Securityholders which are not Authorised Participants will be permitted and no 
later notice to the contrary has yet been delivered. Any such announcement may be

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
general or subject to conditions, and any such Redemption Order which is not in 
accordance with any such conditions shall not be valid. 
(C) 
Any ETP Security that is subject to Optional Redemption in accordance with this Condition 
8.2 as a result of the delivery of a Redemption Order, shall become due and payable on 
the relevant Optional Redemption Settlement Date at its Optional Redemption Amount. 
8.3 Redemption Orders  
(A) 
A Redemption Order shall only be valid if: 
(1) 
other than in the limited circumstances set out in Condition 8.2(B), it is delivered by 
an ETP Securityholder that is an Authorised Participant; 
(2) 
it specifies the number and Series of any ETP Securities to be redeemed; 
(3) 
it is received by the Issuer between 8.00 a.m. (Dublin time) and the Notice Deadline 
on any Valuation Date; 
(4) 
it specifies the Redemption Account into which the Optional Redemption Amount 
shall be payable in respect of any ETP Security to be redeemed; 
(5) 
the number of ETP Securities to be redeemed would not result in any Maximum 
Daily Redemption Limit, or any other applicable limitation on redemption under the 
LS Operating Procedures Agreement, being exceeded (for the purposes of which, 
Redemption Orders shall be dealt with in order of their actual receipt by the Issuer), 
unless the Margin Loan Provider nonetheless agrees to that Maximum Daily 
Redemption Limit, or other applicable limitation, being exceeded (and if the Margin 
Loan Provider does not so agree, such Redemption Order will be valid under this 
Condition 8.3(A)(5) in respect of the greatest number of ETP Securities that would 
not result in any Maximum Daily Redemption Limit being exceeded); 
(6) 
the Redemption Order is received or deemed to have been received before the 
occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event; 
(7) 
on the day it is received (or deemed to have been received by the Issuer) until the 
Optional Redemption Pricing Date (if different) none of the following events has 
occurred and is continuing: 
(a) 
an Event of Default; 
(b) 
a Margin Loan Provider Event of Default; or 
(c) 
an Adjustment Event; 
(8) 
it is not invalid pursuant to Condition 8.3; or 
(9) 
unless the Issuer otherwise agrees in its absolute discretion, such Redemption 
Order is submitted by an Authorised Participant on any day and no other 
Redemption Order has been submitted by that Authorised Participant on or in 
respect of such day in respect of the same Series. 
(B) 
If the Issuer determines that a Redemption Order is invalid in whole or in part, it shall 
notify the ETP Securityholder of that fact as soon as reasonably practicable and no ETP

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
Securities may be redeemed pursuant to a Redemption Order that the Issuer has 
determined in its absolute discretion is invalid. 
(C) 
The Issuer shall not be obliged to redeem any ETP Securities pursuant to a Redemption 
Order where the Margin Loan Provider has not confirmed the termination of the relevant 
proportion of the LS Margin Account Agreement in accordance with the provisions of 
the LS Margin Account Agreement and the LS Operating Procedures Agreement. 
(D) 
Where a Redemption Order is received by the Issuer on a Valuation Date after the 
Notice Deadline, such Redemption Order should be void unless the Margin Loan 
Provider provides its consent for the Issuer to treat such Redemption Order as if it had 
been received by it prior to the Notice Deadline.  
(E) 
Within one London Business Day after the Optional Redemption Pricing Date in respect 
of any Redemption Order, which shall be postponed to the next London Business Day 
in case such day is not a London Business Day, the Issuer shall notify the relevant ETP 
Securityholder of the Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of ETP 
Securities which are the subject of that Redemption Order, calculated as provided 
above. 
(F) 
The Issuer may change or vary the procedures for the submission of Redemption 
Orders on five calendar days’ prior notice to the ETP Securityholders in accordance 
with Condition 17 and these Conditions shall be interpreted accordingly. 
8.4 Settlement of Optional Redemptions 
(A) 
The Issuer may at its discretion elect to satisfy requests for the Optional Redemption of 
ETP Securities by transfer of the appropriate number of ETP Securities to one or more 
Authorised Participants from ETP Securityholders requesting redemption, and for that 
purpose the Issuer may authorise any person on behalf of the ETP Securityholder to 
execute one or more instruments of transfer in respect of the relevant number of ETP 
Securities provided that the amount payable to the ETP Securityholder shall 
nonetheless be an amount equal to the relevant Optional Redemption Amount and the 
relevant Optional Redemption Settlement Date shall be the date of such transfer. 
(B) 
The Issuer may in accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and 
the LS Operating Procedures Agreement agree with any ETP Securityholder which is 
also an Authorised Participant to satisfy any requests for the Optional Redemption of 
any ETP Securities by the transfer to, or to the order of, such ETP Securityholder on 
the Optional Redemption Settlement Date of Collateral Assets with a value determined 
by the Determination Agent to be equal to the Optional Redemption Amount.  
8.5 Suspension of Optional Redemptions 
(A) 
If on any Valuation Date (a “Threshold Event Date”) the ETP Security Value falls to less 
than 2.00 per cent. of the Principal Amount of the ETP Securities: 
(1) 
The Issuer shall give notice convening a meeting of ETP Securityholders on a 
date not more than 30 calendar days after the Threshold Event Date for the 
purpose of considering an Extraordinary Resolution which would have the 
effect of reducing the Principal Amount of the ETP Securities to an amount 
which is not less than 2.00 per cent. of the ETP Security Value as at the time 
of suspension of redemptions, in which event the suspension will cease only if 
such Extraordinary Resolution is passed; and 
(2) 
the Issuer may at any time after the Threshold Event Date, for so long as the 
ETP Security Value continues to be less than 2.00 per cent. of the Principal

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
Amount of the ETP Securities, suspend the right to request redemption of ETP 
Securities pursuant to Condition 8.2. 
(B) 
If the Margin Loan Provider has defaulted in its obligations under the LS Margin 
Account Agreement and such default is continuing (such event, a “Margin Loan 
Provider Event of Default”), the Issuer may at any time and from time to time 
while such Margin Loan Provider Event of Default is continuing suspend the 
right to request redemption of the ETP Securities pursuant to Condition 8.2.  
In each case, subject as provided in this Condition 8.5, the Issuer may at its discretion terminate 
any such suspension at any time. 
The following provisions shall apply where Optional Redemptions have been suspended: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall give notice of any such suspension and of the termination of any such 
suspension to the Programme Parties and the ETP Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 17, as soon as reasonably practicable, but the failure to give such any such notice 
shall not prevent the exercise of such discretions; 
(ii) 
any such suspension may continue for a period of up to 60 calendar days, and may continue 
thereafter at the discretion of the Issuer (1) in the case of a suspension pursuant to Condition 
8.5(A)(2), if the Extraordinary Resolution referred to in Condition 8.5(A)(1) above has not 
been passed; or (2) in the case of a suspension pursuant to Condition 8.5(B), for so long as 
the Margin Loan Provider Event of Default is continuing; and 
(iii) 
any suspension shall not affect any Optional Redemption pursuant to a Redemption Order, 
the Optional Redemption Pricing Date for which had passed before the suspension 
commenced, but any Redemption Order in respect of ETP Securities submitted or deemed 
to be received on a Valuation Date when the right to request redemption of the ETP 
Securities pursuant to Condition 8.2 is suspended pursuant to this Condition 8.5 shall be 
invalid. 
8.6 Issuer Call Redemption Event 
The Issuer may, on giving an irrevocable notice to the Margin Loan Provider and the ETP 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17, elect to redeem all or some only of the ETP 
Securities and designate a Mandatory Redemption Date for such purposes, provided that the date 
designated as the Mandatory Redemption Date shall not be earlier than the fifth calendar day 
following the date of the relevant notice (such notice an "Issuer Call Redemption Notice"). In the 
event that only some of the outstanding ETP Securities are called for redemption pursuant to an 
Issuer Call Redemption Notice, a pro rata portion of each ETP Securityholder’s ETP Securities shall 
be subject to such redemption. 
For the purposes of Condition 8.7, a Mandatory Redemption Event in the form of an "Issuer Call 
Redemption Event" will occur on the Mandatory Redemption Date designated in the Issuer Call 
Redemption Notice (or if such day is not a Valuation Date on the first following Valuation Date). The 
Issuer shall give a copy of the Issuer Call Redemption Notice to each of the Programme Parties on 
the same date as such notice is given to the Margin Loan Provider and the ETP Securityholders. 
8.7 Mandatory Redemption Events 
Each of the following events shall be a mandatory redemption event in respect of the ETP Securities 
(each a "Mandatory Redemption Event"): 
(A) 
Disruption Redemption Event: the occurrence of a Disruption Redemption Event. For the 
purposes of Condition 8.7, a Mandatory Redemption Date will occur on the fifth Exchange 
Business Day after the date of the notice from the Issuer to the ETP Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 9.3(C); 
(B) 
Threshold Redemption Event: if on any Valuation Date falling on or after the 60th calendar 
day following a Threshold Event Date, the ETP Security Value is less than 2.00 per cent. of

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
the Principal Amount of such ETP Securities, the Issuer shall designate a Mandatory 
Redemption Date in respect of the ETP Securities;  
(C) 
Termination of appointment of Agent or Authorised Participants: any of the Determination 
Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Portfolio Administrator and/or all of 
the Authorised Participants in relation to the ETP Securities resign their appointment or their 
appointment is terminated for any reason and no successor or replacement has been 
appointed at the time that such resignation or termination takes effect in accordance with the 
applicable Programme Document, and the Issuer gives notice (an "Agent Redemption Event 
Notice") to the Programme Parties and the ETP Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 17. For the purposes of Condition 8.7, a Mandatory Redemption Date will occur 
on the fifth Exchange Business Day after the date of the Agent Redemption Event Notice; 
(D) 
Publication failure: if the ETP Security Value in respect of the ETP Securities has not been 
published by or on behalf of the Issuer for 14 consecutive Non-Disrupted Valuation Dates (a 
"Publication Failure Event") and the Trustee is notified in writing of such Publication Failure 
Event and directed in writing by holders of at least a majority of the ETP Securities then 
outstanding (an "ETP Securityholder Notice and Direction") to give a notice under this 
Condition 8.7(D) to the Issuer, the Trustee will, provided that the Trustee has been pre-
funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction, give such notice (a "Publication 
Event Redemption Notice") to the Issuer, copied to each of the Programme Parties. Any such 
ETP Securityholder Notice and Direction must be substantially in the form set out in the 
Elavon Agency Agreement which is available from the Issuing and Paying Agent, any Paying 
Agent and/or the Trustee. For the purposes of Condition 8.7, a Mandatory Redemption Date 
will occur on the fifth Business Day following the date of the Publication Event Redemption 
Notice. The Trustee shall not be responsible for or liable to the Issuer, any ETP 
Securityholder or any Programme Party for investigating, verifying, determining or monitoring 
whether a Publication Failure Event has occurred or exists and, unless and until the Trustee 
receives an ETP Securityholder Notice and Direction, the Trustee shall be entitled to assume 
that no such event has occurred; 
(E) 
Change in law or regulation: on or after the Series Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or 
any change in any applicable law, regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure (including, 
without limitation, any tax law and any regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure of any 
applicable regulatory authority, tax authority and/or any exchange) or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory 
authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action 
taken by a taxing authority): 
(1) 
the Issuer has (or reasonably expects that it will) become illegal for the Issuer to (x) 
hold, acquire or dispose of all of the types of Collateral Asset, and/or (y) perform its 
obligations under the ETP Securities and/or the LS Margin Account Agreement; or 
(2) 
the Issuer would (or would expect to) incur a materially increased cost in performing 
its obligations under the ETP Securities and/or the LS Margin Account Agreement 
(including, without limitation, any increase in any applicable Taxes, any decrease in 
any applicable tax benefit and/or any other costs or liability to Tax of the Issuer 
relating to any change in any applicable tax law or regulation), 
the Issuer may give notice to the Programme Parties and the ETP Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 that the ETP Securities are to be redeemed and designate a 
Mandatory Redemption Date for such purposes, provided that the date designated as the 
Mandatory Redemption Date shall not be earlier than the fifth Exchange Business Day 
following the date of the relevant notice (such notice an "Issuer Redemption Notice"); 
(F) 
Margin Account Termination Event: if the LS Margin Account Agreement terminates prior to 
the redemption of all the ETP Securities for any reason (a “Margin Account Termination

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
Event”). For the purposes of Condition 8.7, a Mandatory Redemption Date will occur on the 
date of termination of the LS Margin Account Agreement; and 
(G) 
Issuer Call Redemption Event: an Issuer Call Redemption Event occurs pursuant to 
Condition 8.6. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions or any Programme Document, if at any 
time following the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event (the "Initial Early Redemption 
Event") an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to a Mandatory 
Redemption Event occurs (the "Secondary Early Redemption Event") in respect of which the 
Mandatory Redemption Date relating thereto occurs (or would occur) prior to the date that would 
have been the Mandatory Redemption Date in respect of the Initial Early Redemption Event, the 
Secondary Early Redemption Event shall prevail and all references to the "Mandatory Redemption 
Event" in the Conditions and the Programme Documents shall be construed accordingly. 
8.8 Mandatory Redemption Amount 
If any of the Mandatory Redemption Events listed in Condition 8.7 occurs, each ETP Security shall 
become due and payable on the related Mandatory Redemption Settlement Date at its Mandatory 
Redemption Amount. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the ETP Securityholders of the Mandatory Redemption Date and the 
Mandatory Redemption Settlement Date of the ETP Securities as soon as reasonably practicable in 
accordance with Condition 17. 
9. 
Disruption Events, Adjustments Events and postponement 
9.1 Disruption Events and determination of Index Level 
If a Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then with respect to a Series of ETP Securities:  
(A) 
the calculation and publication of the ETP Security Value in respect of such Valuation Date 
will be postponed to the next following Valuation Date that is not a Disrupted Day; 
(B) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable efforts, to the extent that all required information is available 
to it, to publish an indicative price in respect of each ETP Security on the Issuer’s Website, 
solely for information purposes. 
9.2 Postponement of settlement of subscriptions and Optional Redemptions  
(A) 
If a Subscription Order or a Redemption Order (which is determined to be valid in accordance 
with the terms of the LS Operating Procedures Agreement) is received by the Issuer on a 
Valuation Date which is a Disrupted Day, then such Subscription Order or Redemption Order 
shall be deemed to have been received by the Issuer on the day on which the ETP Security 
Value is deemed to be determined in respect of that Valuation Date. No additional amount 
shall be payable to any Authorised Participant (or any ETP Securityholder acquiring ETP 
Securities from, or selling ETP Securities to, an Authorised Participant) in connection with the 
postponement of Subscription Settlement Date or Optional Redemption Settlement Date, as 
applicable. 
(B) 
A Subscription Order delivered by an Authorised Participant which has been deferred in 
accordance with Condition 9.2(A) may be withdrawn by that Authorised Participant in 
accordance with the terms of the LS Operating Procedures Agreement. 
9.3 Adjustments 
(A) 
If an Adjustment Event has occurred, the Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
determine in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner whether in its opinion it is 
appropriate to make one or more adjustments to the terms of the Conditions of the ETP

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
Securities to account for the economic effect on the LS Margin Account Agreement, the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement and the ETP Securities of the relevant Adjustment Event. 
(B) 
If the Issuer determines that it is appropriate to make such adjustments referred to in (A) above, 
it will, as soon as reasonably practicable, determine in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner the nature and effective date of such adjustment(s), and notify the 
Programme Parties and, in accordance with Condition 17, the ETP Securityholders of the 
occurrence of such Adjustment Event and the details of such adjustments to the Conditions 
and any related adjustments to the terms of the LS Margin Account Agreement and the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement (including the designation of a Successor Index, if applicable) as 
soon as reasonably practicable upon making such determinations. 
With effect from the effective date of any such adjustment, the Issuer and the Programme 
Parties shall take into account the relevant adjustment(s) so notified to it when making any 
determination and/or calculation it is required to make under the Conditions and the terms of 
the relevant Programme Documents, as appropriate, and the Conditions of the ETP Securities 
and the terms of the Programme Documents shall be construed accordingly. Neither the 
consent of the Trustee nor the consent of the ETP Securityholders will be required for any such 
adjustment to the Conditions of the ETP Securities, provided that no such adjustment or 
amendment may be made which would, in the Trustee’s opinion, affect its rights, protections 
or impose more onerous obligations on the Trustee without its consent. 
(C) 
If the Issuer determines that it is not appropriate to make such adjustments referred to in (A) 
above, the Issuer will notify the Programme Parties and, in accordance with Condition 17, the 
ETP Securityholders that the ETP Securities will be redeemed and, for the purposes of 
Condition 8.7, a Mandatory Redemption Event in the form of a "Disruption Redemption 
Event" will occur. 
10. 
Payments, calculations, Agents and records 
10.1 
Payments net of Taxes 
All payments in respect of the ETP Securities shall be made net of and after allowance for any 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes. In the event that any withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any Tax applies to payments in respect of the ETP Securities, the 
ETP Securityholders will be subject to, and shall not be entitled to receive amounts to compensate 
for, any such Tax or deduction or any other amounts withheld or deducted pursuant to Condition 
10.3. No Event of Default shall occur as a result of any such withholding or deduction.  
10.2 
Payments 
(A) 
Payments of Principal in respect of Definitive Securities will, subject to Conditions 10.2(C) and 
10.3, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant ETP Securities at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States, by a cheque payable in the 
relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to, an account 
denominated in such currency with a Bank. 
"Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre of the currency of payment or, in the 
case of euros, a city in which banks in general have access to the TARGET2 System. 
(B) 
For as long as the ETP Securities are represented by a Global Security deposited with a 
Relevant Clearing System and held by the Relevant Clearing System or a common depository, 
common safekeeper or nominee, as applicable, on behalf of the Relevant Clearing System, 
the obligations of the Issuer under the Conditions to make payments in respect of the ETP 
Securities will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of the Global 
Security, subject to and in accordance with the terms of such Global Security. Each of the 
persons shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as owning ETP Securities 
represented by such Global Security must look solely to the Relevant Clearing System for his 
share of any payment made by the Issuer to or to the order of the holder of the Global Security. 
Payments made to any person shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
owning any ETP Security represented by the Global Security shall be subject to and made in 
accordance with the rules of the Relevant Clearing System. 
(C) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for so long as the ETP Securities are represented by a Global 
Security, if any amount payable in respect of such ETP Securities is payable in U.S. dollars, 
such U.S. dollar payments shall be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the U.S. 
if: 
(1) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the U.S. with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in 
U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the U.S. of the full amount due in respect 
of the ETP Securities in the manner provided above when due; 
(2) 
payment of the full amount due at all such specified offices outside the U.S. is illegal 
or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of the amount due in U.S. dollars; and 
(3) 
such payment is then permitted under U.S. law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
10.3 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the ETP Securities will be subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or 
other laws, regulations and directives but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10.1 and 
(ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of 
the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto (in each case without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10.1). No commission 
or expenses shall be charged to the ETP Securityholders in respect of such payments. 
10.4 
Calculations 
(A) The Determination Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable on such date and/or 
at such time as the Determination Agent is required in accordance with the 
Determination Agency Agreement and the Conditions and any other Relevant 
Provisions, perform such duties and obligations as are required to be performed by it in 
accordance therewith. 
(B) The calculation by the Determination Agent of any amount, price, rate or value required 
to be calculated by the Determination Agent under the Relevant Provisions shall be 
made in good faith and shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on 
the Issuer, the ETP Securityholders and the Programme Parties. 
10.5 
Calculation by Trustee 
If at any time after the Security has become enforceable pursuant to Condition 6.3 and the 
Determination Agent does not make any calculation relating to the ETP Security Value, Final 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Mandatory Redemption Amount when 
required pursuant to the Conditions and the Programme Documents, then the Trustee may appoint 
an agent on its behalf to make any calculation in place of the Determination Agent provided that the 
Trustee shall have been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction by one or 
more ETP Securityholders in accordance with the Trust Deed. Any such calculation made on behalf 
of the Trustee shall for the purposes of the Conditions and the Programme Documents be deemed 
to have been made by the Determination Agent. In doing so, the appointed agent shall apply the 
provisions of the Conditions and/or the relevant Programme Document(s), with any necessary 
consequential amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and in all other respects it 
shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in the circumstances. In the absence 
of fraud, gross negligence and wilful default, the Trustee directly or its agent shall not be liable

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
(whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort or otherwise) to the Issuer, the ETP Securityholders 
or any Programme Party for any calculation (or any delay in making any calculation) so made. 
10.6 
Determination Agent 
(A) 
Subject as provided in the Conditions and the Determination Agency Agreement, the Issuer 
shall use all reasonable efforts to procure that there shall at all times be a Determination 
Agent for so long as any of the ETP Securities are outstanding. If the Determination Agent 
resigns or its appointment is terminated for any reason, the Issuer shall use all reasonable 
efforts to appoint a reputable entity that provides services of a similar type to those required 
of the Determination Agent under the Relevant Provisions or a leading bank or investment 
banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap, commodity 
or over-the-counter commodity futures and options or index options market) that the Issuer 
reasonably determines is capable of making the calculation(s) required to be made by the 
Determination Agent under the Relevant Provisions to act as such in its place. 
(B) 
The Determination Agent shall not be liable (whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort 
or otherwise) to the Issuer, any ETP Securityholder, any other Programme Party or any other 
person for any Loss incurred by any such person that arises out of or in connection with the 
performance by the Determination Agent of its obligations under the Determination Agency 
Agreement, the Conditions and the other Relevant Provisions provided that nothing shall 
relieve the Determination Agent from any Loss arising by reason of acts or omissions 
constituting bad faith, fraud or gross negligence of the Determination Agent (any such act or 
omission, a "Determination Agent Breach"). 
(1) 
If the Determination Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 10.6(B)(1), 
be held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Determination Agent Breach, 
the Determination Agent shall nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any ETP 
Securityholder, any other Programme Party or any other person if such 
Determination Agent Breach results solely and directly from either (i) the failure by 
any other Programme Party to provide any notice, instruction or direction which 
such Programme Party is required or permitted to give under the Conditions or any 
relevant Programme Document or (ii) a delay in the delivery by any other 
Programme Party of any notice, instruction or direction which such Programme 
Party is required or permitted to give to the Determination Agent under the 
Conditions or any relevant Programme Document. 
(2) 
If the Determination Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 10.6(B)(2), 
be held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Determination Agent Breach, 
the Determination Agent shall nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any ETP 
Securityholder, any other Programme Party or any other person if such 
Determination Agent Breach results solely and directly from the reliance by the 
Determination Agent upon a rate, amount, quotation, value or other calculation or 
determination notified to the Determination Agent pursuant to the Conditions 
and/or any relevant Programme Document which is made by another Programme 
Party in accordance with the Conditions and the terms of any relevant Programme 
Document. 
(C) 
The Determination Agent has no obligation towards or relationship of agency or trust with 
any ETP Securityholder. 
(D) 
The Determination Agent has no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in 
the Conditions, the Determination Agency Agreement and the other Relevant Provisions and 
no implied or inferred duties or obligations of any kind will be read into the Determination 
Agency Agreement against or on the part of the Determination Agent. The Determination 
Agent will not, and will not be deemed to, assume or be liable for the obligations or duties of

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
the Issuer or any other person under the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Programme 
Document unless otherwise agreed pursuant to the Relevant Provisions. 
10.7 
Appointment of Agents 
Save as provided below, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer. The Agents do not assume 
any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any ETP Securityholder. The Issuer may 
at any time without requiring the prior written approval of the Trustee or the ETP Securityholders but 
subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Programme Documents, terminate 
the appointment of an Agent, replace an Agent or appoint additional or other Agents. Without 
prejudice to the provisions for the automatic termination of the appointment of an Agent in connection 
with the occurrence of an insolvency or similar event or proceedings in the relevant Programme 
Documents, the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and 
Paying Agent and a Registrar , (ii) a Determination Agent, (iii) a Portfolio Administrator, and (iv) such 
other agents as may be required by any stock exchange on which the ETP Securities may be listed. 
Notice of any change of Agent or any change to the specified office of an Agent shall promptly be 
given to the ETP Securityholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 17. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, at any time after an Event of Default or a Potential Event of 
Default has occurred in relation to the ETP Securities, the Trustee may (i) by notice in writing to the 
Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent and any other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Portfolio 
Administrator, any Transfer Agents, and/or the Determination Agent, require any and all of such 
Agents, until notified by the Trustee to the contrary, so far as permitted by applicable law to (a) act 
as agent of the Trustee under the Trust Deed and the ETP Securities mutatis mutandis on the terms 
of the Elavon Agency Agreement and/or the Portfolio Administration Agreement and/or the 
Determination Agreement, as applicable (with consequential amendments as necessary) and except 
that the Trustee’s liability for the indemnification, remuneration and all other expenses of such Agents 
(if any) shall be limited to the amounts for the time being held by the Trustee in respect of the ETP 
Securities on the terms of the Trust Deed and which are available (after application in accordance 
with the relevant order of priority set out in Condition 6.5) to discharge such liability); or (b) deliver 
the ETP Securities and all moneys, documents and records held by them in respect of the ETP 
Securities to or to the order of the Trustee or as the Trustee directs in such notice, and (ii) by notice 
in writing to the Issuer require it to make all subsequent payments in respect of the ETP Securities 
to or to the order of the Trustee and not to the Issuing and Paying Agent, and/or the Registrar with 
effect from the receipt of any such notice by the Issuer; and from then until such notice is withdrawn, 
proviso (1) of Condition 6.2(A) shall cease to have effect. 
10.8 
Authorised Participants  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, for the avoidance of doubt, neither the 
approval of ETP Securityholders by way of an Extraordinary Resolution of ETP Securityholders or 
otherwise or the consent of the Trustee is required (without limitation) in connection with the 
accession of a new Authorised Participant to the Programme or the termination of the appointment 
of an existing Authorised Participant (including the Initial Authorised Participant).  Without prejudice 
to the forgoing and Condition 8.7(C), the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to at all times 
maintain at least one Authorised Participant. 
10.9 
Business day convention and non-Payment Business Days 
(A) 
If any date for payment in respect of any ETP Security is not a Payment Business 
Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment 
Business Day or to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
(B) 
If any date referred to in the Conditions would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Valuation Date, then such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Valuation 
Date. 
10.10 Records 
For so long as the ETP Securities are represented by a Global Security in NGN form, the records of 
the Relevant Clearing Systems (which expression in this Condition 10.10 means the records that

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
each Relevant Clearing System holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customers’ 
interests in the ETP Securities) shall be conclusive evidence of the number of the ETP Securities 
represented by the Global Security and, for these purposes, a statement issued by the Relevant 
Clearing System (which statement shall be made available to the bearer upon request) stating the 
number of ETP Securities represented by the Global Security at any time shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of the Relevant Clearing System at that time. 
10.11 Negotiability of Global Bearer Security 
If the ETP Securities are Bearer Securities represented by a Global Bearer Security, the Global 
Bearer Security is a bearer document and negotiable and accordingly: 
(A) 
is freely transferable by delivery and such transfer shall operate to confer upon the 
transferee all rights and benefits appertaining hereto and to bind the transferee with all 
obligations appertaining hereto pursuant to these Conditions; 
(B) 
the holder of the Global Bearer Security is and shall be absolutely entitled as against all 
previous holders to receive all amounts by way of amounts payable upon redemption or 
otherwise payable in respect of the Global Bearer Security and the Issuer waives as against 
such holder and any previous holder of the Global Bearer Security all rights of set-off or 
counterclaim that would or might otherwise be available to it in respect of the obligations 
evidenced by the Global Bearer Security; and 
(C) 
payment upon due presentation of the Global Bearer Security will operate as a good 
discharge against such holder and all previous holders of the Global Bearer Security. 
11. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment under the Conditions in respect of the ETP Securities shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years from the date on which the payment of 
Principal in respect of the ETP Securities first became due or (if any amount of the money payable 
was improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding was 
made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which  
 is duly given to the ETP Securityholders that, upon further presentation of the ETP Security being 
made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in 
fact made upon such presentation (such date the "Relevant Date") save that if the ETP Securities 
are in global bearer form claims in respect of Principal in respect of the relevant Global Bearer 
Security shall become void unless the Global Bearer Security is presented for payment within a period 
of 10 years from the appropriate Relevant Date. 
12. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an "Event of Default") occurs, the Trustee at its discretion may 
or will, if so directed in writing by holders of at least a majority of the ETP Securities then outstanding 
or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution, a copy of which has been provided to the Trustee 
(provided that in each case the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction by one or more ETP Securityholders in accordance with the Trust Deed), 
give notice to the Issuer (copied to each Programme Party) (such notice an "Event of Default 
Redemption Notice") that the ETP Securities are, and they shall immediately become, due and 
payable at their Final Redemption Amount: 
(A) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of any sum due in respect of the ETP Securities or any of 
them for a period of 14 calendar days or more; 
(B) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations (other than a 
payment obligation) under the ETP Securities, the Trust Deed or any other Programme 
Document, which default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee capable of 
remedy, is not remedied within 30 calendar days (or such longer period as the Trustee may 
permit) after notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee (and, 
for these purposes, a failure to perform or comply with an obligation shall be deemed to be

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
remediable notwithstanding that the failure results from not doing an act or thing by a particular 
time); 
(C) 
any order shall be made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding-up 
or dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, 
reorganisation or other similar arrangement on terms previously approved in writing by the 
Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution;  
(D) 
an examiner is appointed in respect of the Issuer; or 
(E) 
a Margin Loan Provider Event of Default or Margin Loan Provider insolvency occurs 
The Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of any Event of Default Redemption 
Notice, give notice thereof to the ETP Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 and to the 
Authorised Participant(s). 
The Issuer has undertaken in the Trust Deed that, on each anniversary of the issue date of the first 
Series of ETP Securities issued under the Programme and also within 14 calendar days after any 
request by the Trustee, it will send to the Trustee a certificate signed by a Director of the Issuer to 
the effect that as at a date not more than five calendar days prior to the date of the certificate no 
Event of Default, or event or circumstance that could with the giving of notice, lapse of time and/or 
issue of a certificate become an Event of Default, has occurred. 
13. 
Enforcement 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, only the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further 
notice, take such action or step or institute such proceedings against the Issuer, as it may think fit to 
enforce the rights of the holders of the ETP Securities against the Issuer whether the same arise 
under general law, the Trust Deed or the ETP Securities, any other Programme Document or 
otherwise, but, in each case, it need not take any such action or step or institute proceedings unless 
in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee is so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution a copy of which has been provided to the Trustee or notified in writing by holders of at 
least a majority of the ETP Securities then outstanding and it shall have been secured and/or pre-
funded and/or indemnified to its satisfaction.  
None of the Secured Creditors shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the 
Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents, 
fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
The ETP Securityholders acknowledge and agree that only the Trustee may enforce the Security 
over the Secured Property in accordance with, and subject to the terms of, the Security Documents. 
The Trustee shall not be required to take any action in relation to the Security constituted by the 
Security Documents which may (i) be illegal or contrary to any applicable law or regulation or (ii) 
cause it to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any liability (including any personal liability) 
in the performance of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, powers and discretions, without 
first being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction.  
14. 
Meetings of ETP Securityholders, modification, waiver, substitution and restrictions  
14.1 
Meetings of ETP Securityholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the ETP Securityholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including modification by Extraordinary Resolution of the ETP 
Securities (including these Conditions or the provisions of the Trust Deed insofar as the same may 
apply to such ETP Securities).  
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more ETP 
Securityholders or agents present in person holding or representing in the aggregate more than 50 
per cent. of the number of the ETP Securities for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned 
such meeting, two or more ETP Securityholders or agents present in person being or representing 
ETP Securityholders, whatever the number of the ETP Securities so held or represented, and an

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the ETP 
Securityholders, whether present or not, except that any Extraordinary Resolution proposed, inter 
alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the ETP Securities (ii) to reduce or cancel 
the principal amount payable on redemption of, the ETP Securities, (iii) to change any method of 
calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount or the Mandatory 
Redemption Amount, (iv) to change the currency or currencies of payment or Denomination of the 
ETP Securities, (v) to take any steps which as specified in the Trust Deed may only be taken following 
approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum provisions apply, (vi) to modify 
the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of ETP Securityholders or the majority 
required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution, (vii) to modify the provisions of the Trust Deed 
concerning this exception or (viii) to modify any other provisions specifically identified for this purpose 
in the Trust Deed will only be binding if passed at a meeting of the ETP Securityholders, the quorum 
at which shall be two or more ETP Securityholders or agents present in person holding or 
representing in the aggregate not less than 75 per cent. of the number of ETP Securities for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting, two or more ETP Securityholders or agents present 
in person being or representing in the aggregate not less than 10 per cent. of the number of the ETP 
Securities so held or represented (provided that at an adjourned meeting convened for the purpose 
of reducing the Principal Amount of the ETP Securities following a Threshold Event Date, the quorum 
shall be two or more ETP Securityholders or agents whatever the number of ETP Securities so held 
or represented). The holder of a Bearer Security or Registered Security in global form representing 
all of the ETP Securities for the time being outstanding will be treated as being two persons for the 
purposes of such quorum requirements. A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate number of the ETP Securities for the time being 
outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at 
a meeting of ETP Securityholders. 
14.2 
Modification of the relevant Programme Documents 
(A) 
Subject to Condition 14.3(F), the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the 
ETP Securityholders, to (i) any modification to these Conditions, the Trust Deed 
and/or any other Programme Document to which the Trustee is a party which is, 
in the opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to 
correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification, and any waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any of these Conditions or any 
of the provisions of the Trust Deed and/or any other Programme Document to 
which the Trustee is a party that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the ETP Securityholders. Any such modification, 
authorisation or waiver will be binding on the ETP Securityholders and, if the 
Trustee so requires, such modification will be notified by the Issuer to the ETP 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 as soon as reasonably 
practicable. This Condition 14.2(A) shall not limit the authority of the Issuer to make 
any of the modifications to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or any other 
Programme Document as set out in Condition 14.2(B). 
(B) 
The Issuer may agree, without of the consent of the Trustee or the ETP 
Securityholders, to any modification to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or 
any other Programme Document (whether or not the Trustee is a party thereto) 
which is not specifically stated therein to require the consent of the Trustee or the 
ETP Securityholders, including any modification which is made: 
(1) 
in connection with the accession of a new Authorised Participant to the 
Programme or the termination of the appointment of an existing Authorised 
Participant (including the Initial Authorised Participant); 
(2) 
in connection with any variation of the terms of appointment of an Agent, the 
termination of the appointment of an Agent, the replacement of an Agent, the

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
appointment of additional Agents or any variation or amendment to the terms 
of any Programme Document; 
(3) in connection with an amendment to the terms of the Programme to extend 
the range of assets which may be included as Collateral Assets for any Series 
of ETP Securities to be issued following the date of the relevant amendments; 
(4) in connection with an amendment to the terms of the Programme to facilitate 
the issue of Series of ETP Securities which pursue actively managed 
Investment Strategies, such Series to be issued following the date of the 
relevant amendment; 
(5) in order to facilitate any application for the admission of the ETP Securities 
of any Series to listing or trading on any stock exchange; 
(6) in order to effect the transfer of the LS Margin Account Agreement to a new 
Margin Loan Provider or to make amendments consequent upon such 
transfer; or 
(7) to effect any adjustment to the Conditions of the ETP Securities and/or the 
terms of the LS Margin Account Agreement pursuant to Condition 9.3 as a 
consequence of the occurrence of an Adjustment Event provided that: 
(a) 
the adjustments so agreed have the consequence that at the time 
of the adjustments there is no negative change to the ETP Security 
Value in respect of the ETP Securities; and 
(b) 
the adjustments do not take effect until at least three calendar days 
have elapsed after they are announced to the ETP Securityholders 
in accordance with Condition 17. 
To the extent that the consent of the Trustee is required in order to give effect to any 
modification to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or any other Programme Document to 
which the Trustee is a party which the Issuer certifies to the Trustee is necessary or desirable 
to be made for the purposes described in paragraphs (1) to (7) above, the Trustee shall 
agree, without the consent of the ETP Securityholders, to such modification provided 
however that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to any modification which would, in 
the Trustee’s opinion, affect its rights, protections or impose more onerous obligations on the 
Trustee. 
14.3 
Substitution 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the ETP Securityholders, but subject to the prior consent of 
each Authorised Participant and the Margin Loan Provider, agree to the substitution, in place of the 
Issuer (or of any previous substitute) as the principal debtor under the Security Documents, the other 
Programme Documents to which it is a party and the ETP Securities of each Series, of any other 
company (incorporated in any jurisdiction) (any such substitute company being the "Substituted 
Obligor"), provided that: 
(A) 
a deed is executed or undertaking given by the Substituted Obligor to the Trustee, in form 
and manner satisfactory to the Trustee, agreeing to be bound by the Security Documents 
and the ETP Securities of each Series (with such consequential amendments as the Trustee 
may deem appropriate) as if the Substituted Obligor had been named in the Security 
Documents and the ETP Securities as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer; 
(B) 
the Substituted Obligor assumes all rights, obligations and liabilities in relation to the 
Secured Property, acknowledges the Security created in respect thereof pursuant to the 
Security Documents and takes all such action as the Trustee may require so that the 
Security constitutes a valid charge, pledge or other security interest over the Secured

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
Property as was originally created by the Issuer for the obligations of the Substituted 
Obligor; 
(C) 
if any director of the Substituted Obligor certifies that it will be solvent immediately after such 
substitution, the Trustee need not have regard to the Substituted Obligor’s financial 
condition, profits or prospects or compare them with those of the Issuer; 
(D) 
the Trustee will be satisfied (if it requires, by reference to legal opinions) that (a) all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for or in 
connection with the assumption by the Substituted Obligor of liability as principal debtor in 
respect of, and of its obligations under, the ETP Securities of each Series and any 
Programme Document have been obtained and (b) such approvals and consents are at the 
time of substitution in full force and effect; 
(E) 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor will execute and the Issuer shall procure that the 
Margin Loan Provider and any other Programme Party will execute such other deeds, 
documents and instruments (if any) as the Trustee may require in order that such 
substitution is fully effective and comply with such other requirements in the interests of the 
ETP Securityholders as the Trustee may direct; 
(F) 
in connection with any proposed substitution of the Issuer, the Trustee may, without the 
consent of the holders of the ETP Securities, agree to a change of the law from time to 
time governing such ETP Securities and/or the Supplemental Trust Deed and/or the 
Security Documents, provided that such change of law, in the opinion of the Trustee, would 
not be materially prejudicial to the interests of such ETP Securityholders; 
(G) 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor comply with such other requirements as the Trustee 
may direct in the interests of the ETP Securityholders; and 
(H) 
a legal opinion satisfactory to the Trustee is provided concerning any proposed 
substitution. 
An agreement by the Trustee pursuant to this Condition 14.3 and the Security Documents will, if so 
expressed, release the Issuer (or a previous substitute) from any or all of its obligations under the 
Security Documents, the ETP Securities and the other relevant Programme Documents. The 
Substituted Obligor shall give notice of the substitution to the ETP Securityholders within 14 calendar 
days of the execution of such documents and compliance with such requirements. 
On completion of the formalities set out in this Condition 14.3 and the Security Documents, the 
Substituted Obligor shall be deemed to be named in these Conditions, the Security Documents, the 
other Programme Documents and the ETP Securities as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer 
(or of any previous substitute) and these Conditions, the Security Documents, the other Programme 
Documents and the ETP Securities shall be deemed to be amended as necessary to give effect to 
the substitution. 
14.4 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, in connection with the exercise of its functions under 
the relevant Programme Documents, the Trustee will have regard solely to the interests of the ETP 
Securityholders as a Series and will not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for 
individual ETP Securityholders and the Trustee will not be entitled to require, nor shall any ETP 
Securityholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any 
Tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual ETP Securityholders.  
So long as the ETP Securities are in global form and such Global Security is held by or on behalf of 
the Relevant Clearing System, in considering the interests of ETP Securityholders, the Trustee may 
have regard to any information provided to it by the Relevant Clearing System or its operator as to 
the identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders or participants with entitlements 
to any such Global Security and may consider such interests on the basis that such accountholders 
or participants were the holder(s) thereof.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
14.5 
Prohibition on U.S. persons 
ETP Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. person at any time nor offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. The Issuer has the right, at its option, 
to refuse to recognise any such transfer or to compel any legal or beneficial owner of ETP Securities 
who contravenes such prohibition to void the transfer of such ETP Securities to such legal or 
beneficial owner or to redeem any such ETP Securities held by such legal or beneficial owner. 
Transfers may be voided by the Issuer by compelling a sale by such legal or beneficial owner or by 
the Issuer selling such ETP Securities on behalf of such legal or beneficial owner at the lesser of the 
purchase price therefor or the ETP Security Value prevailing at the time such transfer is voided. 
Terms used in this Condition 14.5 have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
14.6 
ERISA prohibition 
ETP Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by any entity that is, or that is using the 
assets of, (a)(i) an "Employee Benefit Plan" (as defined in Section 3(3) of the United States 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")) that is subject to the 
fiduciary responsibility requirements of Title I of ERISA, (ii) any plan to which Section 4975 of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") applies (a "Plan") or (iii) an 
entity whose constituent assets include "Plan Assets" (as determined pursuant to the "Plan Assets 
Regulation" issued by the United States Department of Labor at 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 as 
modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) by reason of any such Employee Benefit Plan’s or Plan’s 
investment in the entity or (b) a non-U.S. plan, governmental plan, church plan or other plan that is 
subject to any federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other law or regulation that is similar to the provisions 
of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (a "Similar Law") unless its acquisition and 
holding and disposition of such Security, or any interest therein, has not and will not constitute a 
violation of such Similar Law. The Issuer has the right, at its option, to refuse to recognise any such 
transfer or to compel any legal or beneficial owner of ETP Securities who contravenes such 
prohibition to void the transfer of such ETP Securities to such legal or beneficial owner or to redeem 
any such ETP Securities held by such legal or beneficial owner. Transfers may be voided by the 
Issuer by compelling a sale by such legal or beneficial owner or by the issuer selling such ETP 
Securities on behalf of such legal or beneficial owner at the lesser of the purchase price therefor or 
the ETP Security Value prevailing at the time such transfer is voided. Terms used in this Condition 
14.6 have the meanings given to them by the Code. 
15. 
Replacement of ETP Securities 
If an ETP Security in bearer form is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at 
the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
as may, from time to time, be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose 
designation is given to ETP Securityholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees 
and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity 
(which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed ETP Security is 
subsequently presented for payment there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable 
by the Issuer in respect of such ETP Security) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or 
defaced ETP Securities must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
Issue of further Tranches and Series of ETP Securities 
16.1 
Further Tranches 
Subject to Condition 6, the Issuer may, from time to time (without the consent of the Trustee or any 
ETP Securityholder), in accordance with the Trust Deed, the Conditions and the Authorised 
Participant Agreement(s), create and issue further securities either having the same terms and 
conditions as the ETP Securities in all respects and so that such further issue shall be consolidated 
and form a single Series with the ETP Securities or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at 
the time of their issue and/or incur further obligations relating to such securities.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
Only an Authorised Participant may request that the Issuer issue additional Tranches of the ETP 
Securities by delivering a valid Subscription Order subject to and in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant Authorised Participant Agreement.  
The Issuer will only accept a Subscription Order and issue ETP Securities if: 
(A) 
a Subscription Order is given by an Authorised Participant and determined to be valid by or on 
behalf of the Issuer; 
(B) 
the acceptance of such Subscription Order will not cause any Subscription Limit for the ETP 
Securities or the LS Margin Account Agreement to be exceeded;  
(C) 
in connection with such issue of ETP Securities, the Margin Loan Provider agrees to any 
increase of the economic exposure under the LS Margin Account Agreement which is 
necessary to facilitate the issue of such ETP Securities; and 
(D) 
all conditions precedent to an issue of the ETP Securities are satisfied.  
The Issuer shall have no obligation to issue further ETP Securities and no obligation to accept any 
Subscription Orders from (but excluding) the fifth Valuation Date preceding the Final Redemption 
Date of the ETP Securities. 
In accordance with the terms of the Authorised Participant Agreement(s), the LS Operating 
Procedures Agreement and the LS Margin Account Agreement, the Issuer will not be obliged to 
accept any Subscription Order and/or issue ETP Securities if (i) a Subscription Suspension Event 
has occurred and is continuing, and/or (ii) a Mandatory Redemption Event has occurred and/or a 
Margin Loan Provider Event of Default has occurred and/or (iii) the Margin Loan Provider does not 
consent to increase the economic exposure under the LS Margin Account Agreement by a pro rata 
amount. If an Issuer Call Redemption Notice is delivered the last day on which the Issuer is required 
to accept a valid Subscription Order shall be the fifth Exchange Business Day preceding the related 
Mandatory Redemption Date designated in such notice. If an Issuer Redemption Notice is delivered 
by the Issuer the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept a valid Subscription Order shall 
be the fifth Exchange Business Day preceding the related Mandatory Redemption Valuation Date 
designated in such notice. If the Margin Loan Provider elects for the LS Margin Account Agreement 
to terminate on the last day of its scheduled term and such date falls before the Final Redemption 
Date of the ETP Securities the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept a valid Subscription 
Order shall be the fifth Exchange Business Day preceding the scheduled termination date of the LS 
Margin Account Agreement. If a Margin Account Termination Event is designated or occurs under 
the LS Margin Account Agreement, the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept a valid 
Subscription Order shall be the date of the notice designating such event. If a Mandatory Redemption 
Event occurs, the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept a valid Subscription Order shall 
be the date of the notice designating such event. 
The Issuer may suspend the issuance of further ETP Securities at any time. If a Subscription 
Suspension Event occurs, the Issuer shall not be obliged to accept any Subscription Orders for the 
ETP Securities with effect from the date of suspension specified in the relevant notice to the 
Determination Agent and the Authorised Participants until such time (if any) as the Issuer notifies 
such Programme Parties that it shall recommence the issue of further Tranches of the ETP Securities. 
The effective date of any such suspension will be specified in the related notice and will be a day not 
earlier than the Valuation Date following the date of such notice. The Issuer shall give notice to ETP 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 of any such suspension as soon as reasonably 
practicable after giving any notice of suspension of subscriptions. 
In relation to any Subscription Order which has been accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer but in 
respect of which the Subscription Settlement Date has not yet occurred as at the date of the 
occurrence of an Event of Default, each such Subscription Order shall automatically be cancelled 
with effect from the date of the occurrence of such Event of Default. 
In relation to any Subscription Order which is valid but in respect of which the ETP Securities are 
pending issue and settlement to the relevant Authorised Participant as at the Mandatory Redemption 
Date, the Final Redemption Date or the date of delivery of an Event of Default Redemption Notice 
(due to the Subscription Settlement Date not having occurred at such date, the relevant Authorised

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
Participant not having delivered in full the relevant subscription amount on a Subscription Settlement 
Date falling prior to such date, or otherwise), any such Subscription Order shall automatically be 
cancelled with effect from such Mandatory Redemption Date, Final Redemption Date or date of 
delivery of an Event of Default Redemption Notice (as applicable).  
If at any time after the occurrence of the Subscription Settlement Date in respect of which the relevant 
Authorised Participant has not paid in full the related subscription amount a Mandatory Redemption 
Event occurs, the Final Redemption Date occurs or an Event of Default Redemption Notice is 
delivered, the ETP Securities issued on any such Subscription Settlement Date which are pending 
settlement to the relevant Authorised Participant shall automatically be cancelled with effect from the 
date of the occurrence of such Mandatory Redemption Date, Final Redemption Date or date of 
delivery of an Event of Default Redemption Notice (as applicable). ETP Securities requested for issue 
and subscribed for by an Authorised Participant may be held on an inventory basis by such 
Authorised Participant and offered for sale and/or sold over a period of time. 
In relation to any Subscription Order, in satisfaction of the relevant subscription amount, the Issuer 
may agree with the relevant Authorised Participant to accept the delivery to, or to the order of, the 
Issuer of Reference Assets which the Determination Agent determines have a value on the 
Subscription Settlement Date, after taking account of any costs of transfer or delivery which are to 
be discharged by the Issuer, which is equal to or greater than the subscription amount.  
Any new securities forming a single Series with the ETP Securities and which are expressed to be 
constituted by the Trust Deed and secured by the Security Documents will, upon the issue thereof by 
the Issuer, be constituted by the Trust Deed and secured by the Security Documents without any 
further formality and irrespective of whether or not the issue of such securities contravenes any 
covenant or other restriction in the Trust Deed or the Programme Maximum Number of ETP 
Securities and shall be secured by the Secured Property (as increased and/or supplemented in 
connection with such issue of such new securities) and references in these Conditions to "Secured 
Creditors", "Secured Property", "Secured Obligations" and "ETP Securities" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
17. 
Notices 
17.1 
All notices to holders of ETP Securities shall be valid if: 
(A) 
they are: 
(1) 
published in daily newspapers with general circulation in Ireland (which is expected to 
be in the Irish Times) and in the United Kingdom (which is expected to be in the 
Financial Times); and/or 
(2) 
published on the website of one or more RIS(s) approved for such purposes by the 
applicable Relevant Stock Exchange(s) and any such notices shall be conclusively 
presumed to have been received by the holders; and/or 
(3) 
published on the Issuer’s Website; 
(B) 
for so long as the ETP Securities are listed on any Relevant Stock Exchange, they are 
published in accordance with the rules and regulations of such Relevant Stock Exchange or 
other relevant authority; and 
(C) 
for so long as the ETP Securities are in global form, notices required to be given in respect of 
the ETP Securities represented by a Global Security are given by their being delivered (so 
long as the Global Security is held on behalf of a Relevant Clearing System) to the Relevant 
Clearing System, or otherwise to the holder of the Global Security, rather than by publication 
as required above. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
ETP Securities on the Payment Business Day immediately following the day on which the 
notice was given to the Relevant Clearing System. 
17.2 
If, in the opinion of the Trustee, any such publications above are not practicable, notice shall 
be validly given if published in another leading daily newspaper with general circulation in 
the relevant country. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if 
published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, 
as provided above. 
18. 
Relevant Clearing System 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents or the Margin Loan Providers will have any responsibility 
for the performance by the Relevant Clearing System (or its participants or indirect participants) of 
any of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. 
19. 
Governing law and jurisdiction 
19.1 Governing law 
The Trust Deed and the ETP Securities (including any Global Security), and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Irish law. 
19.2 Jurisdiction 
The courts of Ireland are to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out 
of or in connection with any ETP Securities and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with any ETP Securities ("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. The 
Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objections to Proceedings 
in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in 
an inconvenient forum. This submission is for the benefit of each of the Trustee and the ETP 
Securityholders and shall not limit the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude 
the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Pro Forma Final Terms for an issue by Leverage Shares Public Limited Company under its Collateralised 
Exchange Traded Securities Programme  
 
 
[Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors: the ETP Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of:  
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the ETP Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the European Economic Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the ETP Securities or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[The MIFID II product governance legends below are not applicable where a target market assessment is not 
being included, otherwise one of the following legends should be selected.] 
 [2[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the ETP Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the ETP Securities is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the ETP Securities to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the ETP 
Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the ETP Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR 
3[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the ETP Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the ETP Securities is 
eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; EITHER 4 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the ETP Securities are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
 
1 This legend is required if “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” is specified as being “Applicable” 
(See Part B, Paragraph 9). 
2 Include this legend if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach. 
3 Include this legend if parties have agreed to a retail target market. This may be the case if (1) following the 
ICMA 2 retail approach which would only be the case in relation to a low denomination issue and for bonds 
which are not ESMA complex or certain ESMA complex bonds only (as explained in the ICMA 2 paper) (2) a 
more detailed bespoke target market assessment and review is intended or (3) an alternative proportionate 
approach is to be followed.  
4 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
services] 5 ] OR 6 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the ETP Securities to retail clients are 
appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution 
services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the ETP Securities (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the ETP 
Securities.] 
 
Final Terms dated: [ 
] 
Leverage Shares Public Limited Company 
(a public company incorporated with limited liability in Ireland) 
LEI: 635400TLFJSNHVSOFH59 
Issue of 
[number] [Series] ETP Securities 
pursuant to the 
Collateralised Exchange Traded Securities Programme 
(the "ETP Securities") 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the ETP Securities described herein.  
[The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis 
that any offer of ETP Securities in any Member State of the EEA (each, a "Relevant Member State") will be 
made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of the ETP Securities. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in 
that Relevant Member State of the ETP Securities may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation 
arises for the Issuer or any dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation 
or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer 
of the ETP Securities in any other circumstances.7] 
[The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis 
that, except as provided in sub-paragraph (ii) below, any offer of ETP Securities in any Member State of the 
EEA (each, a "Relevant Member State")] will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the ETP Securities. Accordingly any 
person making or intending to make an offer of the ETP Securities may only do so: 
(i) 
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer; or 
(ii) 
in those EU Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in the following paragraph, provided such 
person is one of the persons mentioned in the following paragraph and that such offer is made during 
 
5 This list may not be necessary, especially for bonds that are not ESMA complex where all channels of 
distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
6 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales 
are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, 
if the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need 
to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
7 Include this legend for an exempt offer in a Relevant Member State of ETP Securities with a denomination 
of less than €100,000 is anticipated.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
the Offer Period specified for such purpose therein. 
An offer of the ETP Securities may be made by the Issuer or by the Authorised Participant [other than 
pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation in [ ] ("EU Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions")] during the 
period of 12 months from the Base Prospectus Date (as defined below) (the "Offer Period"). 
The Issuer has not authorised, and does not authorise, the making of any offer of ETP Securities in any other 
circumstances.8] 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the terms and conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 15 March 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [ ]] (the "Base Prospectus" and the 
“Base Prospectus Date”) which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation.] / [Terms used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the terms and conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated [   ] which is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 15 March 
2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [ ]] (the "Base Prospectus" and the “Base Prospectus Date”) which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.] This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the ETP Securities described herein and has been prepared for the purposes 
of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus (and any 
supplement thereto).  
Full information on Leverage Shares Public Limited Company (the "Issuer") and the offer of the ETP 
Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto) is available on the website of the Issuer at 
https://leverageshares.com/?page_id=16514. A summary of the ETP Securities to which these Final Terms 
relate is included as an Annex hereto. Terms used in these Final Terms bear the same meaning as in the 
Base Prospectus. 
The particulars in relation to this issue of ETP Securities are as follows: [Include whichever of the following 
apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not 
Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
8 Include this legend for a non-exempt offer.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
1. 
Series of ETP Securities to which 
these Final Terms apply: 
[ 
] 
2. 
Tranche: 
[ 
] 
3. 
Number of ETP Securities to which 
these Final Terms apply: 
[ 
] 
4. 
Issue Date: 
[ 
] 
5. 
Series Issue Date: 
[insert date of issuance of the initial Tranche of the Series] 
6. 
Issue Price: 
[USD/EUR/GBP/CHF/HKD/JPY] [  ] per ETP Security 
7. 
Principal Amount: 
[ 
] per ETP Security 
8. 
Maximum number of ETP 
Securities of this Series which may 
be issued: 
[                     ] 
9. 
Minimum transferable number of 
ETP Securities: 
One 
10. 
Trading Method: 
Unit 
11. 
Relevant Currency: 
[USD/EUR/GBP/CHF/HKD/JPY]  
12. 
Final Redemption Date: 
[             ]  
13. 
Denomination: 
[Principal Amount] 
14. 
Investment Objective 
[To track the [insert relevant Index from the list set out in 
the section “Description of the Indices” in the Base 
Prospectus]]/[To pursue the [insert relevant Investment 
Strategy from the list set out in the section “Description of 
the Investment Strategies” in the Base Prospectus]] 
15. 
Exposure Type9 
[Leveraged Exposure/Short Exposure/Normal Exposure] 
/[Not applicable] 
16. 
Leverage Factor10 
[                                                  ] /[Not applicable] 
17. 
Rebalance Period 
 [Daily/weekly ending on the [●] Rebalance Business Day 
of the week /monthly ending on the [●] Rebalance Business 
Day of the month /other period] [Not Applicable] 
 
18. 
Exchange:11 
[ 
]/[Not applicable] 
19. 
Related Exchange:  
[ 
]/[Not applicable] 
20. 
Multiple Exchange: 12 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
21. 
Reference Asset:13 
“[The Reference Asset in respect of the ETP Securities is 
the following: [insert the relevant equity security from the 
list set out in the section “Description of Reference Assets” 
in the Base Prospectus]/[insert the relevant ADR/ADS 
representing an equity security from the list set out in the 
section “Description of Reference Asset in the Base 
Prospectus]/[Not applicable]”

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
22. 
Severe Disruption Event: 14  
[ 
]/[Not Applicable]  
23. 
Form of ETP Securities: 
[Bearer Notes: [Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [ ] days’ notice] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
 
[Registered Notes:[Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
 
NGN Form: [yes]/[no] 
 
24. 
Portfolio Administrator: 
GWM Limited 
25. 
Issuing and Paying Agent: 
Elavon Financial Services DAC 
26. 
Registrar: 
Elavon Financial Services DAC 
27. 
Portfolio Administration Agreement GWM Portfolio Administration Agreement 
28. 
Terms and Conditions which apply 
to this Series: 
 
[Terms and Conditions Version 1]/[Terms and Conditions 
Version 2]/[Terms and Conditions Version 3]/[Terms and 
Conditions Version 4]/[Terms and Conditions Version 
5]/[Terms and Conditions Version 6]/[Terms and 
Conditions Version 7] 
29. 
Authorised Participant: 
 
[BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C./GWM Limited/ Virtu 
Financial Ireland Limited] 
30. 
Agency Agreement: 
Elavon Agency Agreement 
31. 
Operating Procedures Agreement 
LS Operating Procedures Agreement. 
 
 
The Issuer accepts the responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[ ] has been 
extracted from [ ]. The Issuer confirms that such additional information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [ ], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
 
 
9  Only relevant where the relevant Series tracks an Index. 
10 Only relevant where the relevant Series tracks an Index. 
11Only relevant where the relevant Series tracks an Index. 
12Only relevant where the relevant Series tracks an Index. 
13 Only relevant where the relevant Series tracks an Index. 
14 Only relevant where the relevant Series tracks an Index.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Notification 
[Application has been made to the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) for the ETP Securities to which these Final Terms 
apply to be admitted to the Official List of the FCA.  Application 
has been made to the London Stock Exchange for the ETP 
Securities to which these Final Terms apply to be admitted to 
trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. 
Please note that admission to the UK Official List and to trading 
on the London Stock Exchange is not admission to trading 
under the Prospectus Regulation, but is admission to trading 
for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation]. 
[Please note that the admission to trading on the stock 
exchanges listed below is under the Prospectus Regulation:] 
[Application has been made to the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) for the Series of ETP Securities 
to which these Final Terms apply to be admitted to listing and 
trading on Deutsche Börse Xetra.]  
[Application has been made to the Italian Stock Exchange 
(Borsa Italiana) for the Series of ETP Securities to which these 
Final Terms apply to be admitted to the official list of the Italian 
Stock Exchange and to be admitted to listing and trading on the 
[Italian Stock Exchange] / [SeDeX].]  
[Application has been made for the Series of ETP Securities to 
which these Final Terms apply to be admitted to listing and 
trading on Euronext Paris, the regulated market operated by 
Euronext Pars.] 
[Application has been made for the Series of ETP Securities to 
which these Final Terms apply to be admitted to listing and 
trading on Euronext Amsterdam, the regulated market operated 
by Euronext Amsterdam.] 
[Application has been made for the Series of ETP Securities 
to which these Final Terms apply to be admitted to listing and 
trading on the regulated market of Börse Stuttgart]. 
 
[Application has been made for the Series of ETP Securities 
to which these Final Terms apply to be admitted to listing and 
trading on the regulated market of the Madrid Stock 
Exchange]. 
 
 
 
The Central Bank  has provided the competent authorities of 
Italy, Germany, France, Spain, the Netherlands, Poland and 
Belgium with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. This should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject 
of these Final Terms and investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
3. 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue 
 
 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the ETP Securities has an 
interest material to the offer] 
 
 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[ 
] 
4. 
Distribution 
 
 
 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the ETP Securities may be 
made by the Authorised Offerors specified in Paragraph 
8 of Part B below other than pursuant to Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation in Ireland, Italy, Germany, 
France, Spain, the Netherlands, Poland and Belgium 
("EU Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions") during the 
Offer Period. See further Paragraph 8 of Part B below.]  
[N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled as to be able to make a non-
exempt offer in relevant jurisdictions. No such offer 
should be made in any relevant jurisdiction until those 
requirements have been met. Non-exempt offers may 
only be made into jurisdictions in which the prospectus 
(and any supplement) has been notified] 
 
 
 
Additional 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable] 
5. 
Information about the past and the further performance of an Index and its volatility15 
 
 
Information about the past 
and further performance of 
the Index and its volatility can 
be obtained from: 
[Include name of the Index and details of where information 
about the past and future performance of the Index and its 
volatility can be obtained.]/[N/A] 
6. 
Information concerning the Issuer of the Reference Asset and the Reference Asset16 
 
 
Address of Issuer of the 
Reference Asset: 
 
[                                  ] 
 
 
Country of Incorporation of 
the Issuer of the Reference 
Asset: 
[                                  ] 
 
 
 
Nature of Business of the 
Issuer 
of 
the 
Reference 
Asset: 
 
[                                  ] 
 
 
 
Market 
on 
which 
the 
Reference Asset is admitted 
to trading: 
 
[                                  ] 
 
15 Only applicable to the extent that the Investment Objective of the Series is specified to be Index tracking 
otherwise this paragraph is not applicable. 
16 Only applicable to the extent that the Reference Asset is a single equity security, otherwise this paragraph 
is not applicable.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
 
 
Description of the market in 
which the Reference Asset is 
traded: 
 
 
[                                  ] 
 
 
Date of establishment of 
market 
in 
which 
the 
Reference Asset is traded: 
[                                  ] 
 
 
How price information is 
published in respect of the 
market 
on 
which 
the 
Reference Asset is traded: 
[                                  ] 
 
 
An indication of daily trading 
volumes: 
[                                  ] 
 
 
Standing of the market on 
which the Reference Asset is 
traded 
and 
the 
market’s 
regulatory authority: 
[                                  ] 
 
 
Frequency of publication of 
prices 
of 
the 
Reference 
Asset: 
[                                  ] 
 
 
Main accounts relating to the 
Reference Asset: 
[The Reference Asset will be held by the Margin Loan Provider 
in the Margin Account.]/[other] 
7. 
Operational Information 
 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[ 
] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[ 
] 
 
 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[ 
] 
8. 
Terms and Conditions of 
the Offer17 
 
 
 
Offer Price: 
Time period, including any 
possible amendments, during 
which the offer will be open: 
 
[Issue Price][specify] 
12 months from the Base Prospectus Date 
 
 
Conditions to which the offer 
is subject: 
[Not Applicable/[insert any applicable additional conditions to 
offer]/Offers of the ETP Securities are conditional upon their 
issue and, as between the Authorised Offeror(s) and their 
customers, any further conditions as may be agreed between 
them] 
 
 
Description of the application 
process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
17 Only applicable to non-exempt offers; otherwise this section 8 will be deleted.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
 
Description of possibility to 
reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner for refunding excess 
amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or maximum amount of 
application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Details of the method and 
time limited for paying up and 
delivering the ETP Securities: 
[Not Applicable/The ETP Securities will be issued on the Issue 
Date against payment to the Issuer of the net subscription 
moneys] 
 
 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be 
made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Procedure for exercise of any 
right 
of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability of subscription 
rights 
and 
treatment 
of 
subscription 
rights 
not 
exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Whether 
tranche(s) 
have 
been reserved for certain 
countries: 
[Not Applicable/Offers may be made by offerors authorised to 
do so by the Issuer in [   ] to any person [   ]. In other EEA 
countries, offers will only be made pursuant to an exemption 
from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
 
Process for notification to 
applicants of the amount 
allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Amount of any expenses and 
taxes specifically charged to 
the subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to 
the extent known to the 
Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the 
offer takes place. 
[None/give details] 
 
 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
financial 
intermediary/ies 
authorised to use the Base 
Prospectus, as completed by 
these 
Final 
Terms 
(the 
"Authorised Offerors"): 
[BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C./GWM Limited] and each 
Authorised Participant expressly named as an Authorised 
Offeror on the Issuer’s website (www.leverageshares.com).  
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA  
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
9. 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility 
[Yes. Note that the designation “Yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognized as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] / 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes] . Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]]

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
ANNEX 1 – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
[Issue specific summary of the ETP Securities to be inserted if (i) the ETP Securities are to be listed on a 
regulated market in the EEA or (ii) publicly offered in a member state of the EEA]

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
ANNEX 2 – SOLACTIVE FAANG+ INVESTMENT STRATEGY SAMPLE PORTFOLIO12 
 
 
COMPOSITION AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE SOLACTIVE FAANG+ 
INVESTMENT STRATEGY SAMPLE PORTFOLIO 
 
The Reference Assets of the Solactive FAANG+ Investment Strategy listed or disclosed in this Annex are a 
sample portfolio only. This is called the “Solactive FAANG+ Sample Portfolio”. On any day, including the 
Issue Date of each Tranche of ETP Securities which pursue the Solactive FAANG+ Investment Strategy, the 
Solactive FAANG+ Portfolio shall comprise of cash and/or other equity securities which are different from the 
constituents of the Solactive FAANG+ Sample Portfolio. 
 
 
 
 
12 Annex 2 is only relevant for Series of ETP Securities which pursue the Solactive FAANG+ Investment 
Strategy

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
Solactive FAANG+Sample Portfolio 
 
  
Name of Issuer 
ISIN 
Governing 
Law 
Market on which 
equity security is 
listed 
Link to where information on the 
obligations can be found 
Weighting 
1 
Meta Platforms Inc.  
US30303M1027  
DELAWARE 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:META 
 
10% 
2 
Apple Inc. 
US0378331005  
DELAWARE 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:AAPL 
 
10% 
3 
Amazon.com Inc. 
US0231351067 
DELAWARE 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:AMZN 
 
10% 
4 
Netflix Inc. 
US64110L1061  
DELAWARE 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:NFLX 
 
10% 
5 
Microsoft Corp. 
US5949181045  
DELAWARE 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:MSFT 
 
10% 
6 
Alphabet Inc. 
US02079K3059 
DELAWARE 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:GOOG 
 
10% 
7 
Tesla Inc. 
US88160R1014  
DELAWARE 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:TSLA 
 
10% 
8 
NVIDIA Corp 
US67066G1040 
DELAWARE 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:NVDA 
 
10% 
9 
Salesforce.com Inc. 
US79466L3024 
 
DELAWARE 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:CRM 
 
10% 
10 
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.  
US0079031078 
DELAWARE 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:AMZN 
 
10% 
 
 
 
Information in respect of equity securities in the Solactive FAANG+ Sample Portfolio which are admitted to trading on a regulated or equivalent market 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name 
of 
Issuer 
ISIN 
Regulated/Eq
uivalent 
Market  
Frequency 
at 
which 
prices are 
published 
Date 
of 
establishme
nt of market 
How 
price 
information 
is 
published 
Indication of 
daily trading 
volumes 
Standing 
of market 
Regulatory authority 
of market 
Link to where 
information 
on 
the 
obligations 
can be found 
1 
Meta 
Platforms 
Inc. 
US30303M1027  
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
continuous 
during 
market 
hours 
May 1 
7, 1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.co
m 
 
Equivalent 
market 
Securities 
and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.co
m

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
2 
Apple Inc. 
US0378331005  
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
continuous 
during 
market 
hours 
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.co
m 
 
Equivalent 
market 
Securities 
and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.co
m 
 
3 
Amazon.co
m Inc. 
US0231351067 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
continuous 
during 
market 
hours 
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.co
m 
 
Equivalent 
market 
Securities 
and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.co
m 
 
4 
Netflix Inc. 
US64110L1061  
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
continuous 
during 
market 
hours 
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.co
m 
 
Equivalent 
market 
Securities 
and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.co
m 
 
5 
Microsoft 
Corp. 
US5949181045  
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
continuous 
during 
market 
hours 
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.co
m 
 
Equivalent 
market 
Securities 
and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.co
m 
 
6 
Alphabet Inc. 
US02079K3059 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
continuous 
during 
market 
hours 
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.co
m 
 
Equivalent 
market 
Securities 
and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.co
m 
 
7 
Tesla Inc. 
US88160R1014  
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
continuous 
during 
market 
hours 
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.co
m 
 
Equivalent 
market 
Securities 
and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.co
m 
 
8 
NVIDIA Corp 
US67066G1040 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
continuous 
during 
market 
hours 
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.co
m 
 
Equivalent 
market 
Securities 
and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.co
m 
 
9 
Salesforce.c
om Inc. 
US79466L3024 
 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
continuous 
during 
market 
hours 
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.co
m 
 
Equivalent 
market 
Securities 
and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.co
m 
 
10 
Advanced 
Micro 
Devices, Inc. 
US0079031078 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
continuous 
during 
market 
hours 
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.co
m 
 
Equivalent 
market 
Securities 
and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.co
m

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
ANNEX 3– BUFFETTIQUE INVESTMENT STRATEGY SAMPLE PORTFOLIO13 
 
COMPOSITION AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE BUFFETTIQUE INVESTMENT 
STRATEGY SAMPLE PORTFOLIO 
 
The Reference Assets of the Buffettique Investment Strategy listed or disclosed in this Annex are a sample 
portfolio only. This is called the “Buffettique Sample Portfolio”. On any day, including the Issue Date of each 
Tranche of ETP Securities which pursue the Buffettique Investment Strategy, the Buffettique portfolio shall 
comprise of cash and/or other equity securities which are different from the constituents of the Buffettique 
Sample Portfolio. 
 
 
 
 
 
13 Annex 3 is only relevant for Series of ETP Securities which pursue the Buffettique Investment Strategy

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
Buffettique Sample Portfolio 
 
  
Name of Issuer 
ISIN 
Governing Law 
Market on which 
equity 
security 
is listed 
Link to where information on the obligations can be found 
Weighting 
1 
LS 1x Amazon Tracker 
ETP 
XS2337104231 
Ireland  
Euronext 
Amsterdam 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/etfs/xs2337104231-xams/1x-
amzn/amzn 
 
5% 
2 
LS 1x Facebook Tracker 
ETP 
XS2337100080 
Ireland 
Euronext 
Amsterdam 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/etfs/XS2337100080-XAMS 
 
5% 
3 
LS 1x Tesla Tracker ETP  
XS2337093798 
Ireland 
Euronext 
Amsterdam 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/etfs/XS2337093798-XAMS 
 
5% 
4 
LS 1x Netflix Tracker ETP 
XS2337098839 
Ireland 
Euronext 
Amsterdam 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/etfs/XS2337098839-XAMS 
 
5% 
5 
Leverage Shares 2x Long 
Berkshire Hathaway ETP 
Securities 
XS2399369110 
Ireland 
Euronext 
Amsterdam 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/etfs/XS2399369110-
XAMS 
20% 
6 
Finsbury Growth and 
Income Trust plc 
 
GB0007816068 
United 
Kingdom 
London Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.londonstockexchange.com/stock/FGT/finsbury-growth-
income-trust-plc/company-page 
 
10% 
7 
Scottish Mortgage 
Investment Trust plc 
GB00BLDYK618 
 
United 
Kingdom 
London Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.londonstockexchange.com/stock/SMT/scottish-mortgage-
investment-trust-plc/company-page 
 
10% 
8 
Blackrock Smaller 
Companies Trust plc  
GB0006436108 
United 
Kingdom 
London 
Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.londonstockexchange.com/stock/BRSC/blackrock-
smaller-co-trust-plc/company-page 
 
10% 
9 
Smithson 
Investment 
Trust plc 
GB00BGJWTR88 
 
United 
Kingdom 
London 
Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.londonstockexchange.com/stock/SSON/smithson-
investment-trust-plc/company-page 
 
 
10% 
10 
Pershing Square Holdings 
Limited  
GG00BPFJTF46 
 
Bailiwick 
of 
Guernsey 
London 
Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.londonstockexchange.com/stock/PSH/pershing-square-
holdings-ltd/company-page 
 
 
10% 
11 
Central Securities 
Corporation   
 
 
US1551231020 
United 
States 
of America  
New York Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XASE:CET 
10%

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
Information in respect of equity securities in the Buffettique Sample Portfolio which are admitted to trading on a regulated or equivalent market 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name 
of 
Issuer 
ISIN 
Regulated/Eq
uivalent 
Market  
Frequency 
at 
which 
prices are 
published 
Date 
of 
establishme
nt of market 
How 
price 
information 
is 
published 
Indication 
of 
daily 
trading 
volumes 
Standing 
of market 
Regulatory 
authority 
of 
market 
Link 
to 
where 
information on the 
obligations can be 
found 
1 
LS 
1x 
Amazon 
Tracker ETP 
XS2337104231  
Euronext 
Amsterdam 
continuous 
during 
market 
hours 
1602, 
current form 
2000 
https://www.euronext.
com/en 
 
Available at: 
https://www.eur
onext.com/en/
markets/amster
dam 
 
 
Regulated 
Market 
The 
Netherlands 
Authority 
for 
the 
Financial 
Markets 
(Dutch: 
Autoriteit 
Financiële 
Markten)  
 
https://www.euronext
.com/en 
 
2 
LS 
1x 
Facebook 
Tracker ETP 
 XS2337100080 
Euronext 
Amsterdam 
continuous 
during 
market 
hours 
1602, 
current form 
2000 
https://www.euronext.
com/en 
 
 
Available at: 
https://www.eur
onext.com/en/
markets/amster
dam 
 
Regulated 
Market 
The 
Netherlands 
Authority 
for 
the 
Financial 
Markets 
(Dutch: 
Autoriteit 
Financiële 
Markten)  
 
https://www.euronext
.com/en 
 
3 
LS 1x Tesla 
Tracker ETP 
XS2337093798 
Euronext 
Amsterdam 
continuous 
during 
market 
hours 
1602, 
current form 
2000 
https://www.euronext.
com/en 
 
 
Available at: 
https://www.eur
onext.com/en/
markets/amster
dam 
 
Regulated 
Market 
The 
Netherlands 
Authority 
for 
the 
Financial 
Markets 
(Dutch: 
Autoriteit 
Financiële 
Markten)  
 
https://www.euronext
.com/en 
 
 
4 
LS 1x Netflix 
Tracker ETP 
XS2337098839 
Euronext 
Amsterdam 
continuous 
during 
market 
hours 
1602, 
current form 
2000 
https://www.euronext.
com/en 
 
 
Available at: 
https://www.eur
onext.com/en/
markets/amster
dam 
 
Regulated 
Market 
The 
Netherlands 
Authority 
for 
the 
Financial 
Markets 
(Dutch: 
Autoriteit 
https://www.euronext
.com/en

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
Financiële 
Markten)  
 
5 
Leverage 
Shares 
2x 
Long 
Berkshire 
Hathaway 
ETP 
Securities 
XS2399369110 
Euronext 
Amsterdam 
continuous 
during 
market 
hours 
1602, 
current form 
2000 
https://www.euronext.
com/en 
 
Available at: 
https://www.eur
onext.com/en/
markets/amster
dam 
 
Regulated 
Market 
The 
Netherlands 
Authority 
for 
the 
Financial 
Markets 
(Dutch: 
Autoriteit 
Financiële 
Markten)  
 
https://www.euronext
.com/en 
 
 
6 
Central 
Securities 
Corporation   
US1551231020 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
ANNEX 4– VANILLA FUNDS BALANCED PORTFOLIO GBP STRATEGY SAMPLE PORTFOLIO13 
 
COMPOSITION AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE VANILLA FUNDS BALANCED 
PORTFOLIO GBP STATEGY SAMPLE PORTFOLIO 
 
The Reference Assets of the Vanilla Funds Balanced Portfolio GBP Strategy portfolio listed or disclosed in 
this Annex are a sample portfolio only. This is called the “Vanilla Funds Balanced Portfolio GBP Strategy 
Sample Portfolio” On any day, including the Issue Date of each Tranche of ETP Securities which pursue the 
Vanilla Funds Balanced Portfolio GBP Strategy, the Vanilla Funds Balanced Portfolio GBP Strategy portfolio 
shall comprise of cash and/or other equity securities which are different from the constituents of the Vanilla 
Funds Balanced Portfolio GBP Strategy Sample Portfolio. 
 
 
13 Annex 4 is only relevant for Series of ETP Securities which pursue the Vanilla Funds Balanced Portfolio 
GBP Strategy.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
Vanilla Funds Balanced Portfolio GBP Strategy Sample Portfolio 
 
  
Name of Reference Asset 
ISIN 
Governing 
Law 
Market on which equity 
security is listed 
Link to where information on the obligations can be found 
Weighting 
1 
Invesco Physical Gold ETC 
IE00B57
9F325 
Jersey 
London Stock Exchange 
 https://www.londonstockexchange.com/stock/SGLS/invesco/company-
page 
4.50% 
2 
VanEck Vectors 
Semiconductor UCITS ETF 
IE00BMC
38736 
Ireland 
London Stock Exchange 
 https://www.londonstockexchange.com/stock/SMH/van-eck-
global/company-page 
3.00% 
3 
WisdomTree Global Quality 
Dividend Growth UCITS 
ETF 
IE00BZ5
6SW52 
Ireland 
London Stock Exchange 
 https://www.londonstockexchange.com/stock/GGRA/wisdomtree/company
-page 
  
11.00% 
4 
XTrackers MSCI World 
Information Technology 
UCITS ETF 1C 
IE00BM6
7HT60 
Ireland 
London Stock Exchange 
 https://www.londonstockexchange.com/stock/XDWT/deutsche-
bank/company-page 
5.50% 
5 
iShares Edge MSCI EM 
Minimum Volatility UCITS 
ETF USD (Acc) 
IE00B8K
GV557 
Ireland 
London Stock Exchange 
 https://www.londonstockexchange.com/stock/EMV/ishares/company-page 
6.50% 
6 
SPDR MSCI World Energy 
UCITS ETF 
IE00BYT
RR863 
Ireland 
London Stock Exchange 
 https://www.londonstockexchange.com/stock/WNRG/street-global-
advisors/company-page 
5.00% 
7 
Invesco Nasdaq-100 
UCITS ETF 
IE003207
7012 
Ireland 
London Stock Exchange 
 https://www.londonstockexchange.com/stock/EQQQ/invesco/company-
page 
6.50% 
8 
iShares MSCI India UCITS 
ETF 
IE00BZC
QB185 
Ireland 
London Stock Exchange 
 https://www.londonstockexchange.com/stock/NDIA/ishares/company-page 
4.00% 
9 
L&G Cyber Security UCITS 
ETF 
IE00BYP
LS672 
Ireland 
London Stock Exchange 
https://www.londonstockexchange.com/stock/USPY/legal-and-general-
asset-management/company-page 
3.50% 
10 
iShares Edge MSCI USA 
Value Factor UCITS ETF 
IE00BD1
F4M44 
Ireland 
London Stock Exchange 
 https://www.londonstockexchange.com/stock/IUVF/ishares/company-page 
4.00% 
11 
Lyxor Core MSCI World 
(DR) UCITS ETF 
LU17815
41179 
Ireland 
London Stock Exchange 
 https://www.londonstockexchange.com/stock/LCWL/amundi/company-
page 
6.00% 
12 
iShares £ Ultrashort Bond 
UCITS ETF GBP (Dist) 
IE00BCR
Y6441 
Ireland 
London Stock Exchange 
 https://www.londonstockexchange.com/stock/ERNS/ishares/company-
page 
13.50% 
13 
iShares $ Treasury Bond 1-
3yr UCITS ETF - GBP 
Hedged (Dist) 
IE00BDF
K1N50 
Ireland 
London Stock Exchange 
 https://www.londonstockexchange.com/stock/IBTG/ishares/company-page 
7.00% 
14 
iShares UK Gilts 0-5yr 
UCITS ETF GBP (Dist) 
IE00B4W
XJK79 
Ireland 
London Stock Exchange 
 https://www.londonstockexchange.com/stock/IGLS/ishares/company-page 
8.00% 
15 
Invesco US Treasury Bond 
0-1 Year UCITS ETF GBP 
Hdg Dist 
IE00BK
WD3F20 
Ireland 
London Stock Exchange 
 https://www.londonstockexchange.com/stock/TIGB/invesco/company-page 
12.00%

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
ANNEX 5– VANILLA FUNDS BALANCED PORTFOLIO USD STRATEGY SAMPLE PORTFOLIO13 
 
COMPOSITION AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE VANILLA FUNDS BALANCED 
PORTFOLIO USD STATEGY SAMPLE PORTFOLIO 
 
The Reference Assets of the Vanilla Funds Balanced Portfolio USD Strategy portfolio listed or disclosed in 
this Annex are a sample portfolio only. This is called the “Vanilla Funds Balanced Portfolio USA Strategy 
Sample Portfolio”. On any day, including the Issue Date of each Tranche of ETP Securities which pursue the 
Vanilla Funds Balanced Portfolio USD Strategy, the Vanilla Funds Balanced Portfolio USD Strategy portfolio 
shall comprise of cash and/or other equity securities which are different from the constituents of the Vanilla 
Funds Balanced Portfolio USD Strategy Sample Portfolio. 
 
 
 
 
 
13 Annex 5 is only relevant for Series of ETP Securities which pursue the Vanilla Funds Balanced Portfolio 
USD Strategy.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
Vanilla Funds Balanced Portfolio USD Strategy Sample Portfolio 
 
 
  
Fund Name 
ISIN 
Governing Law 
Market on which equity 
security is listed 
Link to where information on the 
obligations can be found 
Weight
ing 
1 
SPDR Gold Minishares ETF 
US98149E3036 
United States of 
America 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/ARCX:GLD
M 
5.00% 
2 
ETFMG Prime Cyber Security ETF 
US26924G2012 
United States of 
America 
New York Stock Exchange 
 https://www.nyse.com/quote/ARCX:HAC
K 
3.50% 
3 
iShares MSCI Emerging Markets Min Vol Factor 
ETF 
US4642865335 
United States of 
America 
New York Stock Exchange 
 https://www.nyse.com/quote/BATS:EEM
V 
4.00% 
4 
Vanguard Total World Stock ETF 
US9220427424 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
 https://www.nyse.com/quote/ARCX:VT 
7.50% 
5 
iShares MSCI India ETF 
US46429B5984 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
 https://www.nyse.com/quote/BATS:INDA 
4.00% 
6 
iShares MSCI Intl Small-Cap Multifactor ETF 
US46434V2667 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
 https://www.nyse.com/quote/index/ISCF.
IV 
5.00% 
7 
iShares Core S&P 500 ETF 
US4642872000 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
 https://www.nyse.com/quote/ARCX:IVV 
7.00% 
8 
iShares Global Energy ETF 
US4642873412 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
 https://www.nyse.com/quote/ARCX:IXC 
5.00% 
9 
iShares Global Tech ETF 
US4642872919 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
 https://www.nyse.com/quote/ARCX:IXN 
6.50% 
10 
Invesco QQQ Trust 
US46090E1038 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
 https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNMS:QQ
Q 
5.50% 
11 
Schwab U.S. Large Cap Value ETF 
US8085244098 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
 https://www.nyse.com/quote/index/SCH
V.IV 
7.00% 
12 
iShares 0-3 Month Treasury Bond ETF 
US46436E7186 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
 https://www.nyse.com/quote/ARCX:SGO
V 
18.50% 
13 
Vanguard Short-Term Treasury ETF 
US92206C1027 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
 https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNMS:VGS
H 
7.50% 
14 
iShares iBonds Dec 2025 Term Treasury ETF 
US46436E8663 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
 https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNMS:IBTF 
8.00% 
15 
iShares iBonds Dec 2026 Term Treasury ETF 
US46436E8580 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNMS:IBTG 
6.00%

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
Information in respect of securities in the Vanilla Balanced Portfolio USD Sample Portfolio which are admitted to trading on a regulated or equivalent market  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name of Issuer 
ISIN 
Regulated/Eq
uivalent 
Market  
Frequency 
at 
which 
prices are 
published 
Date 
of 
establishme
nt of market 
How 
price 
information 
is 
published 
Indication 
of 
daily 
trading 
volumes 
Standing 
of market 
Regulatory 
authority 
of 
market 
Link to where 
information on 
the obligations 
can be found 
1 
SPDR 
Gold 
Minishares ETF 
US98149E3036 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
2 
ETFMG 
Prime 
Cyber Security 
ETF 
US26924G2012 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
3 
iShares 
Edge 
MSCI Min Vol 
Emerging 
Markets ETF 
US4642865335 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
4 
Vanguard Total 
World 
Stock 
ETF 
US9220427424 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
5 
iShares 
MSCI 
India ETF 
US46429B5984 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
6 
iShares 
MSCI 
Intl 
Small-Cap 
Multifactor ETF 
US46434V2667 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
7 
iShares 
Core 
S&P 500 ETF 
US4642872000 
New ork Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
8 
iShares Global 
Energy ETF 
US4642873412 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
9 
iShares Global 
Tech ETF 
US4642872919 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
10 
Invesco 
QQQ 
US46090E1038 
New 
York 
Continuous 
May 
17, 
www.nyse.com 
Available 
at: 
Equivalent 
Securities and 
www.nyse.com

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
Trust 
Stock 
Exchange 
during 
market 
hours  
1792 
 
www.nyse.com 
 
Market  
Exchange 
Commission 
 
11 
Schwab 
U.S. 
Large 
Cap 
Value ETF 
US8085244098 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
12 
iShares 
0-3 
Month Treasury 
Bond ETF 
US46436E7186 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
13 
Vanguard Short-
Term 
Treasury 
ETF 
US92206C1027 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
14 
iShares iBonds 
Dec 2025 Term 
Treasury ETF 
US46436E8663 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
15 
iShares iBonds 
Dec 2026 Term 
Treasury ETF 
US46436E8580 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
ANNEX 6– VANILLA FUNDS BLUE CHIP PORTFOLIO USD STRATEGY SAMPLE PORTFOLIO13 
 
COMPOSITION AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE VANILLA FUNDS BLUE CHIP 
PORTFOLIO USD STATEGY SAMPLE PORTFOLIO 
 
The Reference Assets of the Vanilla Funds Blue Chip Portfolio USD Strategy portfolio listed or disclosed in 
this Annex are a sample portfolio only. This is called the “Vanilla Funds Blue Chip Portfolio USA Strategy 
Sample Portfolio”.On any day, including the Issue Date of each Tranche of ETP Securities which pursue the 
Vanilla Funds Blue Chip Portfolio USD Strategy, the Vanilla Funds Blue Chip Portfolio USD Strategy portfolio 
shall comprise of cash and/or other equity securities which are different from the constituents of the Vanilla 
Funds Blue Chip Portfolio USD Strategy Sample Portfolio. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13 Annex 6 is only relevant for Series of ETP Securities which pursue the Vanilla Funds Blue Chip Portfolio 
USD Strategy.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
Vanilla Funds Blue Chip Portfolio USD Strategy Sample Portfolio 
  
Name of Issuer 
ISIN 
Governing Law 
Market 
on 
which 
equity 
security is listed 
Link to where information on the 
obligations can be found 
Weight
ing 
1 
Berkshire Hathaway INC Class B 
US0846707026 
United States of 
America 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:BRK.
A 
25.00% 
2 
Meta Platforms Inc Class A 
US3030M1027 
United States of 
America 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:MET
A 
6.00% 
3 
Amazon.com Inc 
US0231351067 
United States of 
America 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:AMZ
N 
6.00% 
4 
Apple Inc 
US0378331005 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:AAPL 
6.00% 
5 
Alphabet Inc Class C 
US02079K1079 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:GOO
G 
6.00% 
6 
Exxon Mobil Corp 
US30231G1022  
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:XOM 
6.00% 
7 
Microsoft Corp 
US5949181045 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:MSF
T 
6.00% 
8 
Tesla Inc 
US88160R1014 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:TSLA 
6.00% 
9 
Chevron Corp 
US1667641005 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:CVX 
6.00% 
10 
Charter Communications 
US161175BY99  
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:CHT
R 
2.47% 
11 
T-Mobile Us 
US8725901040 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:TMU
S 
2.42% 
12 
Eog Resources Inc 
US26875P1012 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:EOG 
2.38% 
13 
At+T Inc 
US00206R1023 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:T 
2.48% 
14 
Nvidia Corp 
US67066G1040 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:NVD
A 
2.34% 
15 
Broadcom Inc 
US11135F1012 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:AVG
O 
2.23% 
16 
Conocophillips 
US20825C1045 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:COP 
2.29% 
17 
Schlumberger Nv 
AN8068571086 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:SLB 
2.27% 
18 
McDonald’s Corp 
US5801351017 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:MCD 
2.30%

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
 
 
Information in respect of securities in the Vanilla Funds Blue Chip Portfolio USD Strategy Sample Portfolio which are admitted to trading on a regulated or 
equivalent market  
 
 
 
 
 
Name of Issuer 
ISIN 
Regulated/Eq
uivalent 
Market  
Frequency 
at 
which 
prices are 
published 
Date 
of 
establishme
nt of market 
How 
price 
information 
is 
published 
Indication 
of 
daily 
trading 
volumes 
Standing 
of market 
Regulatory 
authority 
of 
market 
Link to where 
information on 
the obligations 
can be found 
1 
Berkshire 
Hathaway 
INC 
Class B 
US0846707026 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
2 
Meta Platforms 
Inc Class A 
US3030M1027 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
3 
Amazon.com Inc 
US0231351067 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
4 
Apple Inc 
US0378331005 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
5 
Alphabet 
Inc 
Class C 
US02079K1079 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
6 
Exxon 
Mobil 
Corp 
US30231G1022  
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
7 
Microsoft Corp 
US5949181045 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
8 
Tesla Inc 
US88160R1014 
New 
York 
Continuous 
May 
17, 
www.nyse.com 
Available 
at: 
Equivalent 
Securities and 
www.nyse.com 
19 
Home Depot Inc 
US4370761029 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:HD 
2.25% 
20 
Lowes Companies Inc 
US5486611073 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:LOW 
2.07% 
21 
Adobe Inc 
US00724F1012 
United States of 
America  
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:ADB
E 
1.50%

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
Stock 
Exchange 
during 
market 
hours  
1792 
 
www.nyse.com 
 
Market  
Exchange 
Commission 
 
9 
Chevron Corp 
US1667641005 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
10 
Charter 
Communications 
US161175BY99  
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
11 
T-Mobile Us 
US8725901040 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
12 
EOG Resources 
Inc 
US26875P1012 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
13 
At+T Inc 
US00206R1023 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
14 
Nvidia Corp 
US67066G1040 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
15 
Broadcom Inc 
US11135F1012 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
16 
Conocophillips 
US20825C1045 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
17 
Schlumberger 
Nv 
AN8068571086 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
18 
McDonald’s 
Corp 
US5801351017 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
19 
Home Depot Inc 
US4370761029 
New 
York 
Stock 
Continuous 
during 
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
www.nyse.com

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
Exchange 
market 
hours  
 
Commission 
20 
Lowes 
Companies Inc 
US5486611073 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com 
 
21 
Adobe Inc 
US00724F1012 
New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
ANNEX 7 – SHORT CONTANGO LONG EQUITY SAMPLE PORTFOLIO12 
 
 
COMPOSITION AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE SHORT CONTANGO LONG 
EQUITY INVESTMENT STRATEGY SAMPLE PORTFOLIO 
 
The Reference Assets of the Short Contango Long Equity Investment Strategy listed or disclosed in this 
Annex are a sample portfolio only. This is called the “Short Contango Long Equity Sample Portfolio”. On any 
day, including the Issue Date of each Tranche of ETP Securities which pursue the Short Contango Long 
Equity Investment Strategy, the Short Contango Long Equity Portfolio shall comprise of cash and/or other 
securities which are different from the constituents of the Short Contango Long Equity Sample Portfolio
 
12 Annex 7 is only relevant for Series of ETP Securities which pursue the Short Contango Long Equity 
Investment Strategy

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
Short Contango Long Equity Sample Portfolio Strategy 
 
Short Contango 
 
  
Name of Issuer 
ISIN 
Governing Law 
Market 
on 
which 
equity 
security 
is 
listed 
Link to where information on the obligations can be found 
Weighting 
1 
iPath® Series B S&P 500® 
VIX Short-Term Futures™ 
US06748F3249 
United States 
of America 
New York Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/index/VXX.SO 
-20% 
2 
United States Natural Gas 
Fund LP 
US9123183009 
United States 
of America 
New York Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/ARCX:UNG 
-10% 
3 
Cash 
 
 
 
 
30% 
 
Long Equity Exposure 
 
  
Name of Issuer 
ISIN 
Governing Law 
Market 
on 
which 
equity 
security 
is 
listed 
Link to where information on the obligations can be found 
Weighting 
1 
Invesco S&P 500 Low 
Volatility ETF  
US46138E3541 
United States 
of America 
New York Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/ARCX:SPLV 
100% 
 
 
Information in respect of equity securities in the Short Contango Long Equity Sample Portfolio which are admitted to trading on a regulated or equivalent 
market 
 
 
 
 
 
Name 
of 
Issuer 
ISIN 
Regulated/Eq
uivalent 
Market  
Frequency 
at 
which 
prices 
are published 
Date 
of 
establishme
nt of market 
How 
price 
information is 
published 
Indication 
of 
daily 
trading 
volumes 
Standing 
of market 
Regulatory 
authority 
of 
market 
Link to where 
information on 
the obligations 
can be found 
1 
Invesco S&P 
500 
Low 
Volatility 
ETF  
US46138E3541 
United States 
of America 
Continuous 
during 
market 
hours  
May 
17, 
1792 
www.nyse.com 
 
Available 
at: 
www.nyse.com 
 
Equivalent 
Market  
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission 
www.nyse.com

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
SETTLEMENT AND CLEARING OF ETP SECURITIES 
 
Custodial and depositary or safekeeping links have been (or will be) established with Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to facilitate the initial issuance of ETP Securities. Transfers within Euroclear, and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be in accordance with the usual rules and operating procedures of the relevant 
system. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each hold securities for participating organisations and facilitate the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions between their respective participants through electronic 
book-entry changes in accounts of such participants. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide to 
their respective participants, among other things, services for safekeeping, administration, clearance and 
settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg participants are financial institutions throughout the world, including underwriters, 
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. 
Indirect access to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is also available to others, such as banks, brokers, 
dealers and trust companies which clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg participant, either directly or indirectly. 
Distributions of principal with respect to book-entry interests in the ETP Securities held through Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be credited, to the extent received by the Issuing and Paying Agent, to the 
cash accounts of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg participants in accordance with the relevant 
system's rules and procedures.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE ETP SECURITIES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
A Series of ETP Securities may, subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, be issued in 
Tranches or Series comprising either Bearer Securities, Exchangeable Bearer Securities or Registered 
Securities as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The summary that follows is only in relation to Bearer 
Securities (including Exchangeable Bearer Securities) and Registered Securities. 
Bearer Securities may be issued in the new global note form (a "New Global Note" or "NGN") or, if not 
intended to be issued in NGN form, will be issued in classic global note form (a "Classic Global Note" or 
"CGN") as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or in such other form as the relevant parties may agree. 
The NGN form has been introduced to allow for the possibility of ETP Securities being issued and held in a 
manner which will permit them to be recognised as eligible collateral for monetary policy of the central banking 
system for the euro (the "Eurosystem") and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that ETP Securities in NGN form are 
in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" 
of the Eurosystem, provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced 
that arrangements for notes in NGN form were to be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 would only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the 
NGN form was used. 
Following the introduction of the NGN form in June 2006, the Eurosystem required the international central 
securities depositories (including Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) to review the custody 
arrangements for international debt securities in global registered form. Further to this review, the New 
Safekeeping Structure has been introduced to allow for the possibility of securities being issued and held in 
a manner which will permit them to be recognised as eligible collateral for monetary policy of the Eurosystem 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Initial Issue of ETP Securities 
If the Bearer Securities are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, the Bearer 
Securities will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. 
Depositing the Bearer Securities or the Registered Securities with the Common Safekeeper does not 
necessarily mean that the ETP Securities will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Bearer Securities which are issued in CGN form may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the 
Tranche to a common depositary.  
If the Bearer Security is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Bearer Security with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common Depositary") or registration of Registered 
Securities in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the related 
Registered Security to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each 
subscriber with a nominal amount of ETP Securities equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. If the Bearer Security is a NGN, the nominal amount of the ETP Securities shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of ETP Securities 
represented by the Bearer Security and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be 
conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that time. 
ETP Securities that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, ETP Securities that are initially deposited with 
any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any other clearing 
system ("Alternative Clearing System") as the holder of an ETP Security represented by a Bearer Security 
or Registered Security must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative 
Clearing System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of 
such Bearer Security or the holder of the underlying Registered Securities, as the case may be, and in relation 
to all other rights arising under the Bearer Security or Registered Security, subject to and in accordance with 
the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing 
System (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of 
payments due on the ETP Securities for so long as the ETP Securities are represented by such Bearer 
Security or Registered Security and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer 
of such Bearer Security or the holder of the underlying Registered Securities, as the case may be, in respect 
of each amount so paid. 
Exchange 
Bearer Securities 
Each Bearer Security will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, in whole but not in part, for Definitive 
Securities only if the Bearer Security is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an 
Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 
14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to 
cease business or in fact does so. 
On or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Bearer Security may surrender such Bearer Security 
to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent. In exchange for any Bearer Security, the Issuer will deliver, 
or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate number of duly executed and authenticated Definitive 
Securities. The Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the 
relevant clearing system. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Securities" means, in relation to any Bearer 
Security, the definitive Bearer Securities for which such Bearer Security may be exchanged. Definitive 
Securities will be security printed. On exchange in full of each Bearer Security, the Issuer will, if the holder so 
requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Securities. 
Registered Securities 
If the Final Terms state that the ETP Securities are to ETP Securities represented by a Registered Security 
on issue, the following will apply in respect of transfers of ETP Securities held in Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in 
the ETP Securities within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will 
limit the circumstances in which the ETP Securities may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system. 
Transfers of the holding of ETP Securities represented by any Registered Security may only be made in part 
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason 
of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact 
do so. 
Provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph (i) or (ii) above, the 
registered holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office of the registered 
holder’s intention to effect such transfer. 
Amendments to Conditions while ETP Securities in global form 
The Global Securities contain provisions that apply to the ETP Securities that they represent, some of which 
modify the effect of the Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of those 
provisions: 
Meetings 
For the purposes of any meeting of ETP Securityholders, the holder of the ETP Securities represented by a 
Global Security shall be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a 
meeting of ETP Securityholders and, at any such meeting, the holder of a Global Security shall be treated as 
having one vote in respect of each ETP Security represented by such Global Security.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any ETP Security represented by a Global Security that is required by the Conditions to be 
cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the number of ETP Securities 
represented by the relevant Global Security which shall always represent the aggregate number of ETP 
Securities outstanding from time to time. 
Issuer’s call option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any ETP Securities while such ETP Securities are 
represented by a Global Security shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the ETP Securityholders 
within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions. 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the ETP Securities of a Series are represented by a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, 
payment, cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the ETP Securities, as the case may be, 
entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry being made, in respect of 
payments of principal, the nominal amount of the ETP Securities represented by such Global Bearer Security 
shall be adjusted accordingly. 
Trustee’s Powers 
In considering the interests of ETP Securityholders while any Global Security is held on behalf of a clearing 
system, the Trustee may have regard to any information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator 
as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders with entitlements to such Global 
Security and may consider such interests as if such accountholders were the holders of the ETP Securities 
represented by such Global Security.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
SUMMARY OF THE PROGRAMME DOCUMENTS 
The following are summaries of certain provisions of the principal agreements entered into by the Issuer in 
relation to the Programme which are qualified in its entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of each 
such agreement. The following summaries do not purport to be complete, and prospective investors must 
refer to each programme agreement for detailed information regarding such agreement. 
Capitalised terms used in the summaries below but not defined therein shall have the meanings given to such 
terms in the Conditions. 
Trust Deed 
The ETP Securities of each Series shall be constituted by the Trust Deed, which shall comprise the amended 
and restated master trust deed originally dated the Programme Effective Date and as most recently amended 
and restated on 16 August 2022 and made between the Issuer and the Trustee, as further amended, 
supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time, (the "Master Trust Deed"), as supplemented and 
amended by a supplemental trust deed dated the Issue Date relating to that Series and dated the date of 
issuance of the first Tranche of ETP Securities of such Series and made between the Issuer and the Trustee 
(the "Supplemental Trust Deed"). Each Trust Deed will be governed by Irish law.  
The relevant Trust Deed contains the provisions setting out the various obligations of the Issuer and the 
Trustee with respect to the relevant Series of ETP Securities, and will set out the covenants given by the 
Issuer in relation to such Series, including, without limitation, its covenant to pay, provisions relating to its 
duty to provide various persons with information, to prepare and display certain information, only to do such 
things as are contemplated within the applicable Trust Deed (most importantly, in relation to the issue and 
performance of the ETP Securities) and its duties with respect to its obligations under the ETP Securities. 
Each Trust Deed will also set out the basis for the remuneration and indemnification of the Trustee in respect 
of its duties, the conditions for appointment, retirement and removal and contains provisions which are 
supplemental to certain statutory provisions and which set out the powers of the Trustee and the extent of its 
duties.  
Any trustee in respect of a Series of ETP Securities may retire upon giving not less than 60 calendar days' 
prior written notice to the Issuer, and the ETP Securityholders may by Extraordinary Resolution remove any 
trustee, provided that the retirement or removal of a sole trust corporation will not be effective until a trust 
corporation is appointed as successor trustee. If a sole trust corporation in respect of a Series of ETP 
Securities gives notice of retirement or an Extraordinary Resolution is passed for its removal, the Issuer will 
use all reasonable endeavours to procure that another trust corporation is appointed as the Trustee for such 
Series but if it fails to do so before the expiry of such 60 calendar day notice period, the Trustee will have the 
power to appoint a new trustee. 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, together with the Margin Account Security Agreement (as described below) in 
respect of a Series of ETP Securities, the Secured Obligations of the Issuer relating to that Series shall be 
secured in favour of the Trustee, for its benefit and the benefit of the Secured Creditors, by the security over 
the Secured Property, as described in the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Security Arrangements". 
The Trust Deed is available on the Issuer’s website at www.leverageshares.com. 
The LS Margin Account Agreement 
On 19 September 2023 the Issuer entered into a New York law governed customer agreement with Interactive 
Brokers LLC (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time, the “IB Margin 
Account Agreement”). 
On 26 July 2022 the Issuer entered into a New York law governed account agreement with Goldman Sachs 
& Co. LLC (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time, the “GS Margin Account 
Agreement”).  
The defined term “LS Margin Account Agreement” herein shall mean either the IB Margin Account 
Agreement and/or the GS Margin Account Agreement, as applicable to a Series of ETP Securities.  
Collateral Assets will not be held in the Margin Accounts governed by the GS Margin Account Agreement 
until after the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
The Portfolio Administrator has the discretion as to whether the IB Margin Account Agreement and/or the GS 
Margin Account Agreement shall apply with respect to a Series of ETP Securities. 
The LS Margin Account Agreement sets out, amongst other things, the terms on which the Margin Loan 
Provider will provide certain securities accounts, margin accounts, collateral accounts, margin loans and 
securities loans to the Issuer in respect of each Series of ETP Securities. 
The Margin Loan Provider does not guarantee payment by the Issuer to the ETP Securityholders of amounts 
due in respect of the ETP Securities, and no ETP Securityholder will have any claim against any Margin Loan 
Provider in respect of amounts due in respect of any ETP Securities. 
Margin Account Security Agreement 
On 9 September 2022 the Issuer and Trustee entered into a New York law governed security agreement 
pursuant to which the Issuer granted security interests in favour of the Trustee for its benefit and for the 
benefit of the Secured Creditors over the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and benefit under the GS Margin 
Account Agreement and the Issuer’s rights as against the Margin Loan Provider under the GS Margin Account 
Agreement to the extent that they relate to Series of ETP Securities where the GS Margin Agreement applies 
(the “GS Margin Account Security Agreement”). 
On 18 October 2023 the Issuer and Trustee entered into a New York law governed security agreement 
pursuant to which the Issuer granted security interests in favour of the Trustee for its benefit and for the 
benefit of the Secured Creditors over the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and benefit under the IB Margin Account 
Agreement and the Issuer’s rights as against the Margin Loan Provider under the IB Margin Account 
Agreement to the extent that they relate to Series of ETP Securities where the IB Margin Agreement applies 
(the “IB Margin Account Security Agreement”). 
The “Margin Account Security Agreement” means the IB Margin Account Security Agreement and/or the 
GS Margin Account Security Agreement, as applicable to a Series of ETP Securities. 
Agency Agreement 
The Issuer, the Trustee, Elavon Financial Services DAC and the Arranger have entered into an Irish law 
governed agency agreement dated 18 December 2020 (the “Elavon Agency Agreement”).   
The Elavon Agency Agreement sets out the duties and obligations of  Elavon Financial Services DAC in its 
capacity as Issuing and Paying Agent, Registrar and Transfer Agent in relation to (i) the issue, payment, 
replacement and cancellation of the ETP Securities, (ii) the exchange of Global Securities for Definitive 
Securities (if applicable), and (iii) the basis for the remuneration and indemnification of such agents in respect 
of their respective duties.  
The Elavon Agency Agreement also sets out the terms for the appointment, resignation (by at least 60 
calendar days’ prior notice to the Issuer, the Arranger and the Trustee) and termination of the appointment 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent (by at least 60 calendar days’ prior notice from the Issuer or on the 
occurrence of certain events, such as where such agent becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved, is 
adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files for bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement or 
composition for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator or similar 
official or a resolution is passed for its winding up, official management, liquidation or dissolution). 
Determination Agency Agreement 
The Issuer, the Trustee, the Determination Agent, and the Arranger entered into an Irish law governed 
amended and restated determination agency agreement originally dated 30 August 2019 and as most 
recently amended and restated on 6 November 2020 (the “Determination Agency Agreement”).  
The Determination Agency Agreement sets out the duties and obligation of the Determination Agent in 
relation (i) to making such non-discretionary calculations and give such notices of the outcome thereof as 
expressly required to be performed by it under the Programme Documents, and (ii) as soon as practicable 
on each date on which or at such time at which the Determination Agent is expressly required under the 
Programme Documents to calculate any amount, price, rate or value to give any notice relating thereto, 
making such calculations and delivering such notices expressly required to be given by it (in its capacity as 
Determination Agent) in accordance with the Programme Documents and obtaining any quotation, rate or

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
value required in connection therewith as soon as reasonably practicable or as otherwise specified in the 
Programme Documents.   
The Determination Agency Agreement also sets out the terms for the appointment and termination of the 
appointment of the Determination Agent i) by at least 60 days’ prior notice from any party to each other party; 
ii) by any party giving prior written notice in writing to the other parties that such party has materially failed to 
perform its duties and obligations and has failed to remedy such failure within 60 days of being so notified; 
iii) by any party giving 60 days prior notice in writing to the other parties prior to the “liquidation” of any one 
or more Series; or iv) immediately on the occurrence of certain events, such as where the Determination 
Agent becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved, is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files for bankruptcy, 
makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the 
appointment of a receiver, administrator or similar official or a resolution is passed for its winding up, official 
management, liquidation or dissolution). 
Portfolio Administration Agreement 
The Issuer, the Trustee, GWM Limited and the Arranger entered into an Irish law governed amended and 
restated portfolio administration agreement originally dated 5 February 2020 and as amended and restated 
on 6 November 2020 (the "GWM Portfolio Administration Agreement"). 
Pursuant to the terms of the GWM Portfolio Administration Agreement, for each Series of ETP Securities to 
which the GWM Portfolio Administration Agreement is applicable, the net proceeds of issuance of such Series 
of ETP Securities on the Issue Date of such Series, or from the issuance of a further Tranche of such Series, 
will be paid to the Margin Loan Provider, on behalf of the Issuer, and invested as follows: 
 
▪ 
in the case of Series of ETP Securities offering Leveraged Exposures where the Reference Assets 
are Physical Assets, the net proceeds of issuance and the Leveraged Investment Amount will be 
invested in the Reference Assets referenced by the relevant Index or Investment Strategy of such 
Series in order to replicate (to the degree practicable) the return of the Index referenced by such 
Series or to pursue the Investment Strategy referenced by such Series, taking into account the 
applicable Leverage Factor. Amounts standing to the credit of the Margin Account from time to 
time, to the extent not required to be invested in Reference Assets to replicate (to the degree 
practicable) the return of the Index or to pursue the Investment Strategy, may at the direction of 
the Portfolio Administrator be maintained as cash balances in the Margin Account or invested in 
Ancillary Assets; 
▪ 
in the case of ETP Securities offering Normal Exposures where the Reference Assets are Physical 
Assets, the net proceeds of issuance will be invested in the Reference Assets referenced by the 
relevant Index or Investment Strategy of such Series in order to replicate (to the degree 
practicable) the return of the Index referenced by such Series or to pursue the Investment Strategy 
of such Series.  Amounts standing to the credit of the Margin Account from time to time, to the 
extent not required to be invested in Reference Assets to replicate the return of the Index or to 
pursue the Investment Strategy, may at the discretion of the Portfolio Administrator be maintained 
as cash balances in the Margin Account or invested in Ancillary Assets. 
 
▪ 
in the case of Series of ETP Securities offering Short Exposures where the Reference Assets are 
Physical Assets, the net proceeds of issuance will, at the discretion of the Portfolio Administrator 
be invested in Ancillary Assets or maintained as cash balances and will be held in the Margin 
Account along with the proceeds of short selling Reference Assets which shall be borrowed from 
the Margin Loan Provider in order to replicate (to the degree practicable) the return of the Index 
referenced by such Series or to pursue the Investment Strategy referenced by such Series, taking 
into account the applicable Leverage Factor; and 
 
▪ 
in the case of ETP Securities linked to an Index or which pursue an Investment Strategy where 
the Reference Assets are futures contracts, the net proceeds of issuance will be used to fund the 
related Margin Accounts as may be required to maintain positions in the Reference Assets in 
order to replicate (to the degree practicable) the return of the Index referenced by such Series or 
to pursue the Investment Strategy of such Series, taking into account the applicable Leverage 
Factor. Amounts standing to the credit of the Margin Account may also, at the discretion of the 
Portfolio Administrator, be maintained as cash balances in the Margin Account or invested in 
Ancillary Assets.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
Each of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Portfolio Administrator may terminate the GWM Portfolio 
Administration Agreement in respect of one or more Series of ETP Securities by giving not less than ninety 
(90) calendar days written notice to the other parties thereto. 
 
Where the GWM Portfolio Administration Agreement has been terminated, the Issuer will use reasonable 
endeavours to procure that a reputable portfolio administrator enters into an agreement with the Issuer and 
the Trustee to replace the Portfolio Administrator as provider of the services under the GWM Portfolio 
Administration Agreement. 
 
At any time prior to the occurrence of a Margin Loan Provider Event of Default, a Margin Account Termination 
Event or an Event of Default under the ETP Securities, the Portfolio Administrator may novate, assign or 
otherwise transfer its obligations as Portfolio Administrator under the GWM Portfolio Administration 
Agreement to one or more entities (the “Replacement Portfolio Administrator”, provided that: 
 
(A) 
the Portfolio Administrator and the Replacement Portfolio Administrator enter into 
arrangements satisfactory to the Issuer (including, without limitation, the provision of such 
legal opinion as the Issuer may require); 
 
(B) 
following   such   transfer   the   portfolio   administration   agreement   with   the Replacement 
Portfolio Administrator is subject to security arrangements on the same terms mutatis 
mutandis as the GWM Portfolio Administration Agreement prior to such transfer and shall 
form part of the Secured Property; 
 
(C) 
not less than 10 calendar days’ prior notice of any such transfer is given to ETP 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17; and 
 
(D) 
the Replacement Portfolio Administrator is deemed, on the date of the novation, 
assignment or transfer, to assume all the obligations of the GWM Portfolio Administrator to 
the Issuer and the Trustee under the GWM Portfolio Administration Agreement, and to give 
to the Issuer and the Trustee all the representations, warranties and undertakings given by 
the GWM Portfolio Administrator under the GWM Portfolio Administration Agreement. 
 
 
Authorised Participant Agreements 
The Issuer has entered into an amended and restated authorised participant agreement with the Initial 
Authorised Participant originally dated the Programme Effective Date and as most recently amended and 
restated on 18 December 2020 (the “Initial Authorised Participant Agreement”). Such Initial Authorised 
Participant Agreement sets out the terms on which the Initial Authorised Participant will act as Authorised 
Participant in relation to each Series of ETP Securities issued by the Issuer under the Programme.  
The Initial Authorised Participant Agreement sets out the conditions for appointment, resignation ((i) if there 
is more than one Authorised Participant in respect of the relevant Series of ETP Securities by at least 30 
calendar days’ prior notice to the Issuer and each other Programme Party; (ii) if the Initial Authorised 
Participant is the only Authorised Participant in respect of the relevant Series of ETP Securities by at least 
six months’ prior notice to the Issuer and each other Programme Party; (iii) if the Issuer commits any material 
breach of its obligations under the Initial Authorised Participant Agreement and such breach (if capable of 
being remedied) is not cured within 15 calendar days of becoming aware of, or if notified of such breach, 
immediately; or (iv) the Initial Authorised Participant determines, in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, that the conduct of the Issuer or any other Programme Party is materially detrimental to 
the reputation or development potential of the business of the Initial Authorised Participant or its affiliates or 
the relationships of those entities with third parties, immediately) and termination (by the Issuer with 
immediate effect if an Authorised Participant Bankruptcy Event occurs and in any other circumstance by at 
least 30 calendar days’ prior notice) of the appointment of the relevant Authorised Participant, unless there 
is more than one Authorised Participant, in which case the Issuer may terminate the appointment of any 
Authorised Participant with immediate effect for a material breach of its obligations which to the extent such 
breach is capable of being remedied is not remedied within 15 calendar days of the relevant Authorised 
Participant becoming aware of, or its receiving notice from the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Margin Loan Provider or the Trustee of such breach or if the Issuer determines, in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, that the conduct of such Authorised Participant is materially detrimental to 
the reputation or development potential of the business of the Issuer or any other Programme Party or the

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
relationships of those entities with third parties). The Initial Authorised Participant Agreement includes an 
indemnity from the Issuer relating to the representations and warranties given by the Issuer in such 
agreement. 
The Issuer has entered into an authorised participant agreement with the Second Authorised Participant 
originally dated 6 November 2020 and amended and restated on 18 December 2020 (the “Second 
Authorised Participant Agreement”). Such Second Authorised Participant Agreement sets out the terms 
on which the Second Authorised Participant will act as Authorised Participant in relation to each Series of 
ETP Securities issued by the Issuer under the Programme.  
The Second Authorised Participant Agreement sets out the conditions for appointment, resignation ((i) if there 
is more than one Authorised Participant in respect of the relevant Series of ETP Securities by at least 30 
calendar days’ prior notice to the Issuer and each other Programme Party; (ii) if the Second Authorised 
Participant is the only Authorised Participant in respect of the relevant Series of ETP Securities by at least 
six months’ prior notice to the Issuer and each other Programme Party; (iii) if the Issuer commits any material 
breach of its obligations under the Second Authorised Participant Agreement and such breach (if capable of 
being remedied) is not cured within 15 calendar days of becoming aware of, or if notified of such breach, 
immediately; or (iv) the Second Authorised Participant determines, in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, that the conduct of the Issuer or any other Programme Party is materially detrimental to 
the reputation or development potential of the business of the Second Authorised Participant or its affiliates 
or the relationships of those entities with third parties, immediately) and termination (by the Issuer with 
immediate effect if the Second Authorised Participant becomes incapable of acting, or is adjudged bankrupt 
or insolvent or files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy and in any other circumstance by at least 30 calendar 
days’ prior notice) of the appointment of the relevant Authorised Participant, unless there is more than one 
Authorised Participant, in which case the Issuer may terminate the appointment of any Authorised Participant 
with immediate effect for a material breach of its obligations which to the extent such breach is capable of 
being remedied is not remedied within 15 calendar days of the relevant Authorised Participant becoming 
aware of, or its receiving notice from the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Margin Loan Provider or 
the Trustee of such breach or if the Issuer determines, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
that the conduct of such Authorised Participant is materially detrimental to the reputation or development 
potential of the business of the Issuer or any other Programme Party or the relationships of those entities 
with third parties). The Second Authorised Participant Agreement includes an indemnity from the Issuer 
relating to the representations and warranties given by the Issuer in such agreement. 
The Issuer has entered into an authorised participant agreement with the Third Authorised Participant dated 
6 November 2023 (the “Third Authorised Participant Agreement”). Such Third Authorised Participant 
Agreement sets out the terms on which the Third Authorised Participant will act as Authorised Participant in 
relation to each Series of ETP Securities issued by the Issuer under the Programme.  
Operating Procedures Agreement 
The Issuer, GWM Limited, the Initial Authorised Participant, the Second Authorised Participant, the Third 
Authorised Participant, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Determination Agent have entered 
into an Irish law governed operating procedures agreement dated 18 December 2020 (to which each 
Additional Authorised Participant has acceded and to which any further Eligible Authorised Participant which 
accedes to the Programme after the Programme Effective Date will be required to accede) (the "LS 
Operating Procedures Agreement") setting out the relevant procedures by which any Authorised 
Participant may subscribe for ETP Securities of a Series from the Issuer, or redeem ETP Securities of a 
Series to the Issuer. 
Broker Dealer of Record Agreement 
The Issuer and the Broker Dealer of Record have entered into an Irish law governed amended and restated 
broker dealer of record agreement originally dated 5 February 2020  and most recently amended and restated 
on 18 December 2020 (the “Broker Dealer of Record Agreement”) pursuant to which the Broker Dealer of 
Record has been appointed to provider certain broker dealer related services and support for the Issuer. 
Under the terms of the Broker Dealer of Record Agreement, the Broker Dealer of Record agrees to indemnify 
the Issuer against any loss, liability, cost, claim, action, demand or expense which the Issuer may incur as a 
result of any claim against the Issuer by the Margin Loan Provider in respect of any Series which the LS 
Margin Account Agreement applies to (the “Relevant Series”).  Furthermore, pursuant to the terms of the 
Broker Dealer of Record Agreement, the Broker Dealer of Record undertakes to maintain a minimum capital 
equal to the value of 5% of the Collateral Assets of the Largest Series. The Largest Series means any

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
Relevant Series, the Collateral Assets of which has the highest value of all Relevant Series in issue at any 
time. 
Corporate Services Agreement 
The Issuer and Apex IFS Limited (the "Corporate Administrator") have entered into an Irish law governed 
agreement dated 31 January 2017 (the "Corporate Services Agreement") pursuant to which the Issuer has 
appointed the Corporate Administrator to perform certain corporate administration services on its behalf.  
The Corporate Services Agreement also sets out the terms for the appointment, resignation and termination 
of the appointment of the Corporate Administrator. 
Services Agreement 
The Issuer and Leverage Shares Management Company Limited (the “Arranger”) have entered into an Irish 
law governed amended and restated services agreement originally dated 2 February 2018 and as most 
recently amended and restated on 6 November 2020 (the “Services Agreement”) pursuant to which the 
Issuer has engaged the Arranger to provide certain management, administration and arrangement services 
on its behalf. 
 
In consideration of the Issuer establishing the Programme and issuing Series of ETP Securities from time 
to time, the Arranger has agreed to pay, as they become payable and in any event promptly following a 
request by the Issuer, all fees, costs and expenses incurred  by the Issuer or the Arranger in  relation to  
the Programme and the ETP Securities including the remuneration and expenses of the Issuing  and Paying  
Agent, the Determination Agent, the Trustee,  any  Paying  Agents,  the  Registrar, any Transfer Agent, any 
costs of listing and admission to trading of the Programme and/or each Series  of ETP Securities, and other 
costs and expenses payable in relation to the Programme and the  ETP  Securities, in  each case other 
than (a) any amounts payable to the  Margin Loan  Provider and the Broker Dealer of Record;  (b)  Arranger  
Fee pursuant to the Services Agreement;  (c) the relevant Funding and Brokerage Fees; (d) any taxes, fees 
and other amounts payable to the Irish Revenue Commissioners; and (e) the costs and expenses incurred 
in connection with the liquidation of the Collateral Assets.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of issuance of each Series of ETP Securities on the Issue Date of such Series, or from the 
issuance of a further Tranche of any Series, will be paid to the Margin Loan Provider, on behalf of the Issuer, 
and invested as follows: 
 
(a) in the case of Series of ETP Securities offering Leveraged Exposures where the Reference Assets 
are Physical Assets, the net proceeds of issuance and the Leveraged Investment Amount will be 
invested in the Reference Assets referenced by the relevant Index or Investment Strategy of such 
Series in order to replicate (to the degree practicable) the return of the Index referenced by such 
Series or to pursue the Investment Strategy referenced by such Series, taking into account the 
applicable Leverage Factor. Amounts standing to the credit of the Margin Account from time to time, 
to the extent not required to be invested in Reference Assets to replicate the return of the Index or to 
pursue the Investment Strategy, may at the direction of the Portfolio Administrator be maintained as 
cash balances in the Margin Account or invested in Ancillary Assets; 
 
(b) in the case of Series of ETP Securities offering Normal Exposures where the Reference Assets are 
Physical Assets, the net proceeds of issuance will be invested in the Reference Assets referenced 
by the relevant Index of such Series in order to replicate (to the degree practicable) the return of the 
Index referenced by such Series or to pursue to the Investment Strategy referenced by such Series.  
Amounts standing to the credit of the Margin Account from time to time, to the extent not required to 
be invested in Reference Assets to replicate the return of the Index or to pursue the Investment 
Strategy, may at the discretion of the Portfolio Administrator be maintained as cash balances in the 
Margin Account or invested in Ancillary Assets; 
 
(c) in the case of Series of ETP Securities offering Short Exposures where the Reference Assets are 
Physical Assets, the net proceeds of issuance will, at the discretion of the Portfolio Administrator be 
invested in Ancillary Assets or maintained as cash balances and will be held in the Margin Account 
along with the proceeds of short selling Reference Assets which shall be borrowed from the Margin 
Loan Provider in order to replicate (to the degree practicable) the return of the Index referenced by 
such Series, taking into account the applicable Leverage Factor; and 
 
(d) in the case of ETP Securities linked to an Index or which pursue an Investment Strategy where the 
Reference Assets are futures contracts, the net proceeds of issuance will be used to fund the related 
Margin Accounts as may be required to maintain positions in the Reference Assets in order to 
replicate (to the degree practicable) the return of the Index referenced by such Series or to pursue 
the Investment Strategy referenced by such Series, taking into account the applicable Leverage 
Factor. Amounts standing to the credit of the Margin Account may also, at the discretion of the 
Portfolio Administrator, be maintained as cash balances in the Margin Account or invested in Ancillary 
Assets.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE INDICES 
 
 
 
The information in this section of the Base Prospectus has been extracted from information published by the 
Index Sponsor and has been reproduced on the basis of information available to the Issuer. Such information 
has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is able to ascertain from such information, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The websites 
set out below do not form part of this Base Prospectus. The delivery of this Base Prospectus at any time does 
not imply any representation on the part of the Issuer, the Authorised Participants, the Trustee, the Agents, 
the Margin Loan Providers or any other person that any information contained therein is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Purchasers of ETP Securities should conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the 
Indices, the relevant index sponsors and all other parties connected to the Indices from time to time as they 
deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the ETP Securities. 
The complete set of rules of any Index and information on the performance of such Index are freely accessible 
on the Issuer’s or the relevant Index Sponsor’s website as detailed in the table below. 
The governing rules of the relevant Index (including the methodology of the Index for the selection and the 
rebalancing of the components of the Index, description of market disruption events and adjustment rules) 
are based on a predetermined and objective criteria, which can be found in the following websites noted in 
the table below. 
Index 
Index Sponsor 
Applicable Information Source 
NYSE Leveraged 2x 
GOOG Index 
NYSE® Group, Inc. 
https://www.nyse.com/indices 
NYSE Leveraged 2x AMZN 
Index 
NYSE® Group, Inc. 
https://www.nyse.com/indices 
 
NYSE Leveraged 2x AAPL 
Index 
NYSE® Group, Inc. 
https://www.nyse.com/indices 
 
NYSE Leveraged 2x C 
Index 
NYSE® Group, Inc. 
https://www.nyse.com/indices 
 
NYSE Leveraged 2x FB 
Index 
NYSE® Group, Inc. 
https://www.nyse.com/indices 
 
NYSE Leveraged 2x GS 
Index 
NYSE® Group, Inc. 
https://www.nyse.com/indices 
 
NYSE Leveraged 2x JPM 
Index 
NYSE® Group, Inc. 
https://www.nyse.com/indices 
 
NYSE Leveraged 2x MSFT 
Index 
NYSE® Group, Inc. 
https://www.nyse.com/indices 
 
NYSE Leveraged 2x V 
Index 
NYSE® Group, Inc. 
https://www.nyse.com/indices 
 
NYSE Leveraged 2x NFLX 
Index 
NYSE® Group, Inc. 
https://www.nyse.com/indices

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
NYSE Leveraged 2x NVDA 
Index 
NYSE® Group, Inc. 
https://www.nyse.com/indices 
 
NYSE Leveraged 2x CRM 
Index 
NYSE® Group, Inc. 
https://www.nyse.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 2x 
BABA Index  
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 2x 
TSLA Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 2x 
TWTR Index 
STOXX Limited  
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
iSTOXX Leveraged 2x MU 
Index 
STOXX Limited  
 https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
  
iSTOXX Leveraged 2x 
AMD Index 
STOXX Limited  
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
  
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 2x 
UBER Index  
STOXX Limited 
 https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
  
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
AMZN Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
NVDA Index 
STOXX Limited  
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
AAPL Index 
STOXX Limited  
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
CRM Index 
STOXX Limited  
 https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
MSFT Index 
STOXX Limited  
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x FB 
Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
  
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
NFLX Index 
STOXX Limited  
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
GOOG Index 
STOXX Limited  
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
TSLA Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
PYPL Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
SHOP Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x AIR 
Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x BA 
Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x ZM 
Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
TCEHY Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x BABA Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x TSLA Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x TWTR Index 
STOXX Limited  
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x MU Index 
STOXX Limited  
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
  
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x AMD Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x UBER Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
  
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x AMZN Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
  
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x NVDA Index 
STOXX Limited  
 https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
  
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x AAPL Index 
STOXX Limited  
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
  
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x CRM Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
  
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x MSFT Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
  
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x FB Index 
STOXX Limited  
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x NFLX Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x GOOG Index 
STOXX Limited  
https://www.stoxx.com/indices

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x PYPL Index 
STOXX Limited  
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x SHOP Index 
STOXX Limited  
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x AIR Index 
STOXX Limited  
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x BA Index 
STOXX Limited  
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x ZM Index 
STOXX Limited  
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x C Index 
STOXX Limited  
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x JPM Index 
STOXX Limited  
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x GS Index 
STOXX Limited  
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x TCEHY Index 
STOXX Limited  
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x SQ  
Index  
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
HSBC Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x BCS 
Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x LYG 
Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
RDS.A Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x BP 
Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x VOD 
Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-2x TSLA Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x SQ Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x HSBC  
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x BCS Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x LYG Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x RDS.A Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x BP Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x VOD Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
ABNB  Index  
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
PLUG Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x DIS 
Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
PLTR Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
ROKU Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x JD 
Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
PTON Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
AMD Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
TWTR Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
BABA  
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
UBER Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
BIDU Index 
Solactive AG 
http://www.solactive.com 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 2x 
COIN Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
COIN Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x COIN Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x ABNB Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x PLUG Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x DIS Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x PLTR Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x ROKU Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x JD Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x PTON Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-3x TSLA Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-1x BIDU Index 
Solactive AG 
http://www.solactive.com 
 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x NIO  
Index  
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
MRNA Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
AIR.PA Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x TSM 
Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-3x NIO Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-3x MRNA Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-3x AIR.PA Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged   
-3x COIN Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged 
 -3x TSM Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX 3x Leveraged 
SMSN Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
  
 
iSTOXX 3x Inverse 
Leveraged SMSN Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX 3x Leveraged 
CPNG Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX 3x Inverse 
Leveraged CPNG Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
iSTOXX 3x Leveraged 
XPEV Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX 3x Inverse 
Leveraged XPEV Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX 3x Leveraged LIN 
Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX 3x Inverse 
Leveraged LIN Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX 3x Leveraged SIE 
Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX 3x Inverse 
Leveraged SIE Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX 3x Leveraged 
MBG Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX 3x Inverse 
Leveraged MBG Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX 3x Leveraged IFX 
Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX 3x Inverse 
Leveraged IFX Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX 3x Leveraged VW 
Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX 3x Inverse 
Leveraged VW Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX 3x Leveraged 
ASML Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX 3x Inverse 
Leveraged ASML Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX 3x Inverse 
Leveraged MSFT Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
iSTOXX 3x Inverse 
Leveraged AMZN Index 
 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX 3x Inverse 
Leveraged FB Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX 3x Inverse 
Leveraged BABA Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX 3x Inverse 
Leveraged AAPL Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX 3x Inverse 
Leveraged GOOG Index 
STOXX Limited 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX 3x Inverse 
Leveraged NVDA Index 
STOXX Limited 
 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x SAN 
Index 
STOXX Limited 
 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged 
-3x SAN Index 
STOXX Limited 
 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x IBE 
Index 
STOXX Limited 
 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged 
-3x IBE Index 
STOXX Limited 
 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x DB 
Index 
STOXX Limited 
 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged 
-3x DB Index 
STOXX Limited 
 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
RACE Index 
STOXX Limited 
 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged 
-3x RACE Index 
STOXX Limited 
 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
XOM Index 
STOXX Limited 
 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged 
-3x XOM Index 
STOXX Limited 
 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x 
ARM Index 
 
STOXX Limited 
 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged 
-3x ARM Index 
STOXX Limited 
 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
iSTOXX Leveraged 3x UBS 
Index 
STOXX Limited 
 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
iSTOXX Inverse Leveraged 
-3x UBS Index 
STOXX Limited 
 
https://www.stoxx.com/indices 
 
Solactive 3x Long IONQ 
Index 
Solactive AG 
http://www.solactive.com 
 
Solactive 2x Long SMCI 
Index 
 
Solactive AG 
http://www.solactive.com 
 
 
The relevant Index Sponsor may, from time to time, exercise reasonable discretion as it deems appropriate 
to ensure Index integrity. 
Indices to which Series of ETP Securities providing Leveraged Exposures may be linked may incorporate a 
margin interest that is intended to reflect the margin interest of the corresponding Series of ETP Securities 
that aims to track such Index.   
Indices to which Series of ETP Securities providing Short Exposures may be linked may incorporate a 
securities lending fee that is intended to reflect the securities lending fees of the corresponding Series of ETP 
Securities that aims to track such Index or Investment Strategy. 
Indices linked to Series of ETP Securities where the Reference Assets are futures contracts may incorporate 
brokerage fees that are intended to reflect the brokerage fees of the corresponding Series of ETP Securities 
that aims to track such Index. 
The Issuer may from time to time issue other ETP Securities which are linked to the performance of an Index 
other than those listed above. In such circumstances, the Issuer shall prepare an updated Base Prospectus, 
or where permitted under the Prospectus Regulation, a supplement to this Base Prospectus, as further 
described in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Supplements”. 
STOXX Limited Disclaimer 
STOXX Limited, Deutsche Börse Group and their licensors, research partners or data providers have no 
relationship to the Arranger and the Issuer, other than the licensing of the iSTOXX indices sponsored by 
STOXX Limited listed above (the “LS iSTOXX Indices”). 
 
iSTOXX indices are tailored to a customer request or market requirement based on an individualised rule 
book which is not integrated into the STOXX Global index family. 
 
STOXX, Deutsche Börse Group and their licensors, research partners or data providers do not: 
» 
sponsor, endorse, sell or promote the ETP Securities;  
» 
recommend that any person invest in the ETP Securities or any other securities;  
» 
have any responsibility or liability for or make any decisions about the timing, amount or pricing of the 
ETP Securities;  
» 
 have any responsibility or liability for the administration, management or marketing of the ETP 
Securities; or 
» 
consider the needs of the ETP Securities or the owners of the ETP Securities in determining, 
composing or calculating the LS iSTOXX Indices or have any obligation to do so. 
 
STOXX, Deutsche Börse Group and their licensors, research partners or data providers give no 
warranty, and exclude any liability (whether in negligence or otherwise), in connection with the ETP 
Securities or their performance.  
 
STOXX does not assume any contractual relationship with the purchasers of the ETP Securities or any other 
third parties.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
Specifically, 
» 
STOXX, Deutsche Börse Group and their licensors, research partners or data providers do not give 
any warranty, express or implied, and exclude any liability about: 
− the results to be obtained by the ETP Securities, the owner of the ETP Securities or any 
other person in connection with the use of the LS iSTOXX Indices and the data included in 
the LS iSTOXX Indices; 
− the accuracy, timeliness, and completeness of the LS iSTOXX Indices and their data; 
− the merchantability and the fitness for a particular purpose or use of the LS iSTOXX Indices 
and their data; and  
− the performance of the ETP Securities generally. 
» 
STOXX, Deutsche Börse Group and their licensors, research partners or data providers give no 
warranty and exclude any liability, for any errors, omissions or interruptions in the LS iSTOXX Indices 
or their data; 
» 
Under no circumstances will STOXX, Deutsche Börse Group or their licensors, research partners or 
data providers be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) for any lost profits or indirect, punitive, 
special or consequential damages or losses, arising as a result of such errors, omissions or 
interruptions in the LS iSTOXX Indices or their data or generally in relation to the ETP Securities, even 
in circumstances where STOXX, Deutsche Börse Group or their licensors, research partners or data 
providers are aware that such loss or damage may occur.  
 
The licensing Agreement between the Arranger and STOXX is solely for their benefit and not for the benefit 
of the owners of the ETP Securities or any other third parties. 
 
Fees  
Terms defined below are also applicable in relation to ETP Securities which pursue an Investment Strategy, 
unless otherwise defined in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Description of the Investment 
Strategies. 
The following fees are applicable to each Series of ETP Securities which track an Index or pursue an 
Investment Strategy, where relevant:(1) the Arranger Fee; (2) the Daily Margin Interest Rate (in the case of 
Leveraged Exposures where the Reference Assets are Physical Assets); (3) Securities Lending Fees (in the 
case of Short Exposures where the Reference Assets are Physical Assets); and (4) any applicable brokerage 
fees.  
For Series of ETP Securities which track an Index, the “Arranger Fee” is charged daily at a rate of 0.75% 
per annum of the ETP Security Value of the ETP Securities held by an ETP Securityholder. For Series which 
pursue an Investment Strategy, the Arranger Fee applicable to such Series is set out in the section of this 
Base Prospectus which describes the relevant Investment Strategy.  
The “Daily Margin Interest Rate” is calculated by the Determination Agent for each ETP Security (by 
reference by to the amount of funding incurred to maintain such Leveraged Exposures) and is based on a 
designated benchmark rate (the “Benchmark Rate”) plus 1.5%. The Daily Margin Interest Rate is subject to 
adjustment. Any such adjustment shall be notified to ETP Securityholders.  Investors should therefore note 
that such daily margin interest rate is subject to change. 
 
Internationally recognized benchmarks on overnight deposits are used as the basis for determining the 
Benchmark Rates. For each ETP Security, the applicable Benchmark Rate is determined by the primary 
currency of the Reference Assets for the relevant Series of ETP Securities, for example: 
 
Primary Currency of Reference Assets 
Benchmark Rate 
Reference Assets with USD primary currency 
Fed Funds Effective (Overnight Rate) 
Reference Assets with EUR primary currency 
Euro Short Term Rate (€STR) 
Reference Assets with GBP primary currency 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) 
 
For example, an investor purchases USD 10,000 of Leverage Shares 2x Apple ETP Securities. Since this 
Series of ETP Securities applies a Leverage Factor of 2x, the Issuer will borrow USD 10,000 from the Margin

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
Loan Provider and will purchase USD 20,000 of shares in Apple Inc. If the investor holds such securities for 
one day, the following fees would be applicable (assuming a Benchmark Rate of 0.91%): 
 
Arranger Fee Cost 
USD 10,000 x (0.75% x (1/360) = USD 0.21 
Example 
Daily 
Margin 
Interest Rate Cost 
USD 10,000 x ((0.91% + 1.5%) x (1/360)) = USD 0.67 
Total Cost 
USD 0.21 + USD 0.67 = USD 0.88 per day 
 
The Total Cost of USD 0.88 in the example above is not a static figure, because the Daily Margin Interest 
Rate will change as the value of the Benchmark Rate changes over time. The 0.91% rate referenced in the 
above example is not a static rate, but is intended to illustrate what the Daily Margin Interest Rate would be 
with a Benchmark Rate of 0.91%. 
 
Potential investors in the ETP Securities should be aware that the Daily Margin Interest Rate could change 
in the future as a result of any change in the Benchmark Rate and/or a change in the 1.5%  financing rate.  
 
The “Securities Lending Fee” is the cost of borrowing the Reference Assets from the Margin Loan Provider 
pursuant to a securities lending agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Margin Loan Provider. 
The current Securities Lending Fee will be published on the Issuer’s website on a daily basis at  
www.leverageshares.com. 
Return on Collateral 
In connection with Short Exposures, net cash positions and where the Reference Assets are futures 
contracts, the ETP Security Value will include a return on the fully collateralised cash position. Such return 
on collateral will be calculated by the Determination Agent for each ETP Security based on the applicable 
Benchmark Rate (minus 1%). Such calculation is subject to adjustment as shall be notified to ETP 
Securityholders. Investors should therefore note that such daily Return on Collateral is subject to change (the 
“Return On Collateral”).

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE INVESTMENT STRATEGIES 
The Issuer may from time to time issue ETP Securities which are linked to the performance of Investment 
Strategies other than those listed below. In such circumstances, the Issuer shall prepare an updated Base 
Prospectus, or where permitted under the Prospectus Regulation, prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus, as further described in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Supplements”. 
 
1. THE KRONOS INVESTMENT STRATEGY 
 
The Kronos Strategy is a trend following Investment Strategy that aims to outperform major US equity indices, 
over a market cycle, by taking long or short positions in such indices or remaining market neutral by investing 
in Ancillary Assets.  
 
For the purposes of the Kronos Investment Strategy, the Reference Assets will be the following ETFs: 
 
• 
SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust 
• 
Invesco QQQ Trust, Series 1 
• 
SPDR Dow Jones Industrial Average ETF Trust 
• 
iShares Russell 2000 
• 
ProShares Short Dow30 
• 
ProShares Short S&P 500 
• 
ProShares Short Russell2000 
 
These Reference Assets have been selected on the basis of their depth and liquidity. 
 
The Kronos Investment Strategy will assume long or short positions on such US equity indices by investing 
in or short selling, respectively, the related Reference Assets.  
 
The Kronos Investment Strategy employs a proprietary methodology developed by Mourelle Investments LLC 
(the “Kronos Investment Strategy Sponsor”) based on a combination of technical indicators like 
momentum, relative strength, volatility and trend studies. It is not based on historical patterns and aims to 
achieve positive returns regardless of market direction. This methodology will determine whether the Kronos 
Investment Strategy is fully invested in long, short or cash positions. The weighting of the portfolio will 
therefore be varied depending on the Kronos Investment Strategy Sponsor’s methodology. No maximum or 
minimum weightings are applicable. 
 
The Kronos Investment Strategy will employ leverage, such that the Leveraged Exposures and Short 
Exposures will have Leverage Factors of 1.5x and -1.5x the underlying indices.  
 
GWM Limited will be the Portfolio Administrator of the Kronos Investment Strategy.  The portfolio 
administration role carried out by GWM Limited will also incorporate the role of investment management for 
the Kronos Investment Strategy.  GWM Limited has been appointed as Portfolio Administrator pursuant to 
the terms of the GWM Portfolio Administration Agreement.  A summary of the provisions of the GWM Portfolio 
Administration Agreement, including the provisions in relation to appointment of a replacement Portfolio 
Administrator, is set out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Summary of the Programme 
Documents”. 
 
 
Investment Strategy Sponsor 
 
The Kronos Investment Strategy Sponsor was incorporated under the laws of Florida on 20 September 2017 
with the objective of the representation and distribution of mutual funds, exchange traded notes, structured 
financial products and other similar products. The principal of the Kronos Investment Strategy Sponsor is 
Jose A. Mourelle. He has over 35 years of experience in financial markets. He worked at several financial 
firms in Madrid, Spain, primarily on the proprietary desk investing in fixed income and equities.  
 
Fees 
 
For ETP Securities which pursue the Kronos Investment Strategy the following annual fees are applicable 
and will accrue on a daily basis: (1) the Arranger Fee; and (2) in the case of Leveraged Exposures, a margin 
interest rate calculated by the Determination Agent (by reference to the amount of funding incurred to 
maintain such Leveraged Exposures) equal to the Benchmark Rate plus 1.5% (such margin interest rate is

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
subject to adjustment as shall be notified to ETP Securityholders) and (3) in the case of Short Exposures, a 
Securities Lending Fee. 
The “Arranger Fee” is comprised of the following: 
(i) 
a fee charged daily at a rate of 1.25% per annum of the ETP Security Value of the ETP Securities on 
the immediately preceding Valuation Date, adjusted by the change in the value of the Collateral Assets 
in respect of the Series of ETP Securities since the preceding Valuation Date; and 
(ii) a performance based fee charged daily, equal to the maximum of (i) zero and (ii) 20% of the difference 
between the value of the ETP Securities on that day and the previous highest value of the ETP 
Securities, where such value is calculated using the methodology for calculating their ETP Security 
Value but excluding this performance based fee. 
Return on Collateral 
 
In connection with Short Exposures and net cash positions, the ETP Security Value will include a Return on 
Collateral.

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
2. THE SHORT VOLATILITY LONG TECH INVESTMENT STRATEGY 
 
The Short Volatility Long Tech Investment Strategy is an actively managed Investment Strategy which 
employs a proprietary methodology developed by the Portfolio Administrator, GWM Ltd. 
 
The Short Volatility Long Tech Investment Strategy aims take a long position in Invesco QQQ Trust, Series 
1 (“QQQ”) while taking advantage of the contango of the volatility curve through short exposure.  
 
Short Volatility 
 
The Short Volatility Long Tech Investment Strategy aims to have a 15% short exposure to volatility.  
 
The Portfolio Administrator will not actively trade volatility but will aim to have a long-term short exposure to 
volatility by taking short positions on either of the securities listed below, taking into account factors such as 
liquidity, fees, short availability and cost to borrow: 
 
• 
iPath® Series B S&P 500® VIX Short-Term Futures™ ETNs (“iPath ETNs”) 
• 
ProShares VIX Short- Term Futures ETF. 
 
The proceeds from shorting volatility will be maintained as cash in the Margin Account. 
 
The short volatility exposure seeks to capture the contango of the volatility curve.  
 
“Contango” refers to a situation in which futures contracts with further expiries are more expensive than 
futures contracts with shorter expiries. For example, since the VIX Short-Term Futures Index tracked by the 
iPath ETNs offers exposure to a daily rolling long position in the first and second month VIX futures contracts, 
if the VIX is in contango, the VIX Short-Term Futures Index would be expected to lose value as the VIX 
futures roll, and a short position in the iPath ETNs, consequently, to profit from such contango. The converse 
is true: if the VIX futures move to backwardations (ie., where the futures with shorter expiries are more 
expensive than the futures with longer expiries), a short position in the iPath ETNs may incur losses. 
 
Long Equity Exposure 
 
The Portfolio Administrator will aim to invest 100% of the Series issue proceeds in QQQ. 
 
Quarterly Rebalance 
 
The Portfolio Administrator will rebalance the portfolio on a quarterly basis such that (i) the short exposure to 
volatility will be the higher of either 15% or the percentage exposure to volatility on the last Valuation Date of 
the immediately preceding calendar quarter and (ii) the total long exposure to QQQ is 100%.  
 
The Portfolio Administrator will have discretion to conduct an intra-quarter rebalance if the short exposure to 
volatility exceeds 35%. 
 
This Investment Strategy is highly risky, as market prices may move against both the short volatility and the 
long equity exposures at the same time, thereby losing value more rapidly than normal strategies.  
 
GWM Limited will be the Portfolio Administrator of the Short Volatility Long Tech Investment Strategy. The 
portfolio administration role carried out by GWM Limited will also incorporate the role of investment 
management for the Short Volatility Long Tech Investment Strategy.   GWM Limited has been appointed as 
Portfolio Administrator pursuant to the terms of the GWM Portfolio Administration Agreement.  A summary of 
the provisions of the GWM Portfolio Administration Agreement, including the provisions in relation to 
appointment of a replacement Portfolio Administrator, is set out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
“Summary of the Programme Documents”. 
 
Fees  
 
For ETP Securities which pursue the Short Volatility Long Tech Investment Strategy the following fees are 
applicable: (1) the Arranger Fee; and (2) the Daily Margin Interest Rate (in the case of Leveraged Exposures); 
and (3) Securities Lending Fees (in the case of Short Exposures).

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
The “Arranger Fee” is comprised of the following: 
(i) 
a fee charged daily at a rate of 1% per annum of the ETP Security Value of the ETP 
Securities on the immediately preceding Valuation Date, adjusted by the change in 
the value of the Collateral Assets in respect of the Series of ETP Securities since the 
preceding Valuation Date; and 
(ii) 
a performance based fee charged daily, equal to the maximum of (i) zero and (ii) 10% 
of the difference between the value of the ETP Securities on that day and the previous 
highest value of the ETP Securities, where such value is calculated using the 
methodology for calculating their ETP Security Value but excluding this performance 
based fee. 
Return on Collateral 
The ETP Security Value will include a Return on Collateral.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
3. THE BUFFETTIQUE INVESTMENT STRATEGY         
  
The Buffettique Growth Investment Strategy aims to achieve long term growth and income from investing in 
a spectrum of ETP Securities, stocks and funds that relate to Warren Buffett’s investment career, going back 
to his early days’ focus on small caps to his present day’s investment in quality companies at fair prices. The 
Buffettique Growth Investment Strategy, which employs a methodology developed by Arcanum Asset 
Management Ltd (the “Buffettique Growth Strategy Sponsor”) invests 80% in a core portfolio of assets 
(the “Inevitables”) and the rest in a small portfolio of listed “Buffet-like” companies or ETPs tracking the 
shares in such companies and ETPs that offer short or inverse exposure to US markets (the “Workouts”) . 
 
The Inevitables is a basket of ETP Securities and funds that invest in companies expected to be dominating 
their fields for an investment lifetime due to their competitive strengths. The Inevitables and their target 
weights are as follows: 
 
• 
LEVERAGE SHARES 2X LONG BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY ETP SECURITIES: 
20%  
 
• 
BLACKROCK SMALLER COMPANIES TRUST PLC:  
 
 
 
10% 
• 
SMITHSON INVESTMENT TRUST PLC:  
 
 
 
 
 
10% 
• 
FINSBURY GROWTH & INCOME TRUST PLC:  
 
 
 
 
10% 
• 
SCOTTISH MORTGAGE INVESTMENT TRUST PLC: 
 
 
 
10% 
• 
PERSHING SQUARE HOLDINGS Limited:  
 
 
 
 
10% 
• 
CENTRAL SECURITIES CORPORATION:  
 
 
 
 
10% 
 
The Buffettique Growth Strategy Sponsor intends to rebalance the composition of the Inevitables back to 
their target weights semi-annually.  
 
The Buffettique Growth Strategy Sponsor selects the stocks and ETPs integrating the Workouts using 
aproprietary methodology based on short term technical indicators. These indicators rank the stocks but also 
U.S. market indices (such as the S&P 500) to determine if they are in “risk on” or “risk off” mode. If the markets 
are on “risk on” mode, the Buffettique Growth Strategy Sponsor allocates the remaining 20% of the portfolio 
to four (4) companies listed on an exchange in the US, the European Union or the United Kingdom with the 
highest technical analysis indicators equally (5% each). 
 
If the Buffettique Growth Strategy Sponsor determines that the market is in “risk off” mode, 3.75% will be 
allocated to each such Workaround companies, with the remaining 5% invested in the Leverage Shares -3x 
Short US 500 ETP Securities with the aim of building a “market neutral” strategy. 
 
The Buffettique Growth Strategy Sponsor intends to rebalance the composition of the Workouts back to their 
target weights monthly. 
 
The Buffettique Growth Strategy Sponsor may (i) change the composition of the entire portfolio by removing 
existing components or adding new components which are securities listed on an exchange in the US, the 
European Union or the United Kingdom and/or (ii) amend the above target weights for each the Inevitables 
and/or the Workouts (the “Buffettique Universe Requirements”). The Issuer will aim to publish any changes 
to the Buffettique Universe Requirements at least five business days before they are implemented. 
 
GWM Limited will be the Portfolio Administrator of the Buffettique Growth Investment Strategy.  The portfolio 
administration role carried out by GWM Limited will also incorporate the role of investment management for 
the Buffettique Growth Investment Strategy.  GWM Limited has been appointed as Portfolio Administrator 
pursuant to the terms of the GWM Portfolio Administration Agreement.  A summary of the provisions of the 
GWM Portfolio Administration Agreement, including the provisions in relation to appointment of a replacement 
Portfolio Administrator, is set out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Summary of the Programme 
Documents”.  
 
Investment Strategy Sponsor 
 
Arcanum Asset Management Ltd was authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority in September 2010 
with the overriding objective to maximise clients returns across a broad range of financial products including 
international equities, funds, bonds and underlying derivative alternatives. The principal Director of Arcanum 
Asset Management Ltd, Matt Rickards MSCI,IMC Dip has over 25 years’ experience in the financial services 
sector the majority of which was at Hargreaves Lansdown. He was Head of Dealing when he left in 2010 to 
set up Agincourt Portfolios and then take over Arcanum Asset Management in 2015.

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
Fees   
 
For ETP Securities which pursue the Buffettique Growth Investment Strategy the following Arranger Fee is 
applicable: 
(i) 
a fee charged daily at a rate of 1.00% per annum of the ETP Security Value of the ETP Securities 
on the immediately preceding Valuation Date, adjusted by the change in the value of the 
Collateral Assets in respect of the Series of ETP Securities since the preceding Valuation Date; 
and  
 
(ii) 
a performance-based fee charged daily, equal to the maximum of (i) zero and (ii) 10% of the 
difference between the value of the ETP Securities on that day and the previous highest value 
of the ETP Securities, where such value is calculated using the methodology for calculating their 
ETP Security Value but excluding this performance-based fee. 
 
Return on Collateral 
 
The ETP Security Value will include a Return on Collateral, where applicable. 
 
Initial composition and additional information relating to the Buffettique Investment Strategy 
Reference Assets (the “Buffettique Portfolio”) 
Initial Buffettique Portfolio 
As at the Issue Date the Buffettique Portfolio shall comprise 100% in GBP cash. 
Sample Buffettique Portfolio 
The Final Terms shall include details of a sample Buffettique Portfolio. 
The sample Buffettique Portfolio constituents listed in Annex 3 to the Form Final Terms are a sample portfolio 
only.  This is called the “Buffettique Sample Portfolio”.  On any day, including the Issue Date of each Tranche 
of ETP Securities which pursue the Buffettique Investment Strategy, the Buffettique Portfolio shall comprise 
cash and/or other securities which are different from the constituents of the Buffettique Sample Portfolio, 
provided that they always comply with the Buffettique Universe Requirements. 
Post Issuance Information  
The Issuer will, from time to time, provide reports and announcements 
on 
its website 
www.leverageshares.com: 
(iii) 
at least on a quarterly basis with respect to the composition of the Buffettique Portfolio on the basis of 
information provided to the Issuer by the Portfolio Administrator; and 
(iv) 
otherwise from time to time, to the extent the relevant disclosure is required by applicable law, including 
disclosure of any inside information required under Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse.  
The Issuer does not intend to provide any other post issuance information in relation to the Buffettique 
Portfolio.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
4.  THE LS COMMODITY STRATEGIES 
 
The LS Brent Crude Strategy, LS WTI Crude Strategy, LS Natural Gas Strategy and the LS Copper Strategy 
(the “LS Commodity Strategies”) are Investment Strategies that aim to track the performance of holding a 
long position of a single commodity or group of commodities futures contracts using a the roll schedule set 
out below.  
 
While the LS Commodity Strategies intend to follow systematic, passive methodologies, the Portfolio 
Administrator can deviate from such methodologies as described below. 
 
Reference Assets 
 
The LS Commodity Strategies aim to maintain an exposure to their specified commodity by holding long 
positions in commodity futures (“Contracts”). The Contracts will consist of the main contract set out in Table 
1 below (the “Main Contract”), the secondary contract set out in Table 2 below (with the exception of the LS 
Copper Strategy) (the “Secondary Contract”) and “mini” or “micro” versions of such contracts set out in 
Table 3 below (the “Mini Contracts”), traded on the relevant exchange listed in Tables 1 to 3 below (the 
“Relevant Futures Exchanges”). 
 
Table 1: Main Contracts 
 
LS Commodity 
Strategy 
Relevant Exchange 
Main Contract 
and (Contract 
Code) 
Contract Size 
LS 
Brent 
Crude 
Strategy 
ICE 
https://www.ice.com/products/21
9/Brent-Crude-
Futures?utm_source=website&ut
m_medium=search&utm_campai
gn=spotlight 
Brent Crude Oil 
(B) 
 
1,000 barrels 
LS 
WTI 
Crude 
Strategy 
CME 
https://www.cmegroup.com/mark
ets/energy/crude-oil/light-sweet-
crude.html 
 
Light, Sweet 
Crude Oil (CL) 
1,000 barrels 
LS 
Natural 
Gas 
Strategy 
CME 
https://www.cmegroup.com/mark
ets/energy/natural-gas/natural-
gas.html 
 
Henry Hub Natural 
Gas (NG) 
10,000 million British thermal units 
(mmBtu) 
LS Copper Strategy 
CME 
https://www.cmegroup.com/mark
ets/metals/base/copper.html 
 
Copper Futures 
(HG) 
25,000 pounds 
 
 
 
Table 2: Secondary Contracts 
 
LS Commodity 
Strategy 
Relevant Exchange 
Secondary 
Contract and 
(Contract Code) 
Contract Size 
LS 
Brent 
Crude 
Strategy 
CME 
https://www.cmegroup.com/mark
ets/energy/crude-oil/brent-crude-
oil.contractSpecs.html 
 
Brent Crude Oil 
(BB) 
1,000 barrels 
LS 
WTI 
Crude 
Strategy 
ICE 
https://www.ice.com/products/21
3 
West 
Texas 
Intermediate (WTI) 
Light Sweet Crude 
Oil Futures (T) 
1,000 barrels 
LS 
Natural 
Gas 
Strategy 
CME 
https://www.cmegroup.com/mark
ets/energy/natural-gas/emini-
natural-gas.contractSpecs.html  
E-mini Natural 
Gas (QG)            
2,500 million British thermal units 
(mmBtu)

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
  
Table 3: Mini Contracts 
 
LS Commodity 
Strategy 
Relevant Exchange 
Micro Contract and 
(Contract Code) 
Contract Size 
LS Brent Crude 
Strategy 
ICE 
https://www.theice.com/products/27089668/Brent-1st-Line-
Mini-Future 
 
Brent 
1st 
Line 
Mini 
Future (IMM) 
 
100 Barrels 
LS WTI Crude 
Strategy 
CME 
https://www.cmegroup.com/markets/energy/crude-oil/micro-
wti-crude-oil.contractSpecs.html 
 
Micro WTI Crude Oil 
(MCL) 
 
100 Barrels 
LS Natural Gas 
Strategy 
CME 
https://www.cmegroup.com/markets/energy/natural-
gas/micro-henry-hub-natural-gas.html                  
 
 
Micro Henry Hub 
Natural Gas Futures 
(MNG)              
1,000 million 
British thermal 
units (mmBtu) 
 
LS 
Copper 
Strategy 
CME 
https://www.cmegroup.com/markets/metals/base/micro-
copper.html 
 
Micro Copper (MHG) 
2,500 pounds 
 
While the Portfolio Administrator will aim to hold 100% of the Reference Assets in the Main Contract for each 
LS Commodity Strategy, it is expected that, while the value of the Series of ETP Securities tracking the LS 
Commodity Strategies are small relative to the size of the Main Contract, the Portfolio Administrator will also 
invest in (i) Mini Contracts; and/ or (ii) the following exchange traded commodities or exchange traded funds 
(details of which are set out in the “Description of the Reference Assets” section of this Base Prospectus) 
that invest predominantly in Contracts:  
 
LS Commodity Strategy 
Exchange Traded Commodities / ETFs 
LS Brent Crude Strategy 
• 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 
LS WTI Crude Strategy 
• 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 
 
LS Natural Gas Strategy 
• 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 
LS Copper Strategy 
• 
WisdomTree Copper 
 
 
(such exchange traded commodities and exchange traded funds, together with the Secondary Contracts and 
Mini Contracts, the “Alternative Commodity Assets”). 
 
The Portfolio Administrator retains discretion to invest in Alternative Commodity Assets to, among others, 
deal with Futures Market Disruption Events (as defined below), improve the liquidity of the relevant LS 
Commodity Strategy or to optimise their tracking by the relevant Series of ETP Securities. 
 
Futures Rolling 
 
The LS Commodity Strategies hold long positions in Contracts. To maintain a long position, contracts are 
‘rolled’ from the expiring Contract (the “Lead Contract”) to a new Contract farther down the futures curve 
with a longer expiry date (the “Next Contract”).  The LS Commodity Strategies follow the roll schedule based 
on the Contract calendar listed in Table 5.  The mapping for the contract letters and months is defined in 
Table 4.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
Table 4: Contract Month Codes 
 
Contract 
Code 
Month 
F 
January 
G 
February 
H 
March 
J 
April 
K 
May 
M 
June 
N 
July 
Q 
August 
U 
September 
V 
October 
X 
November 
Z 
December 
The Contract Calendar in Table 5 below represents the Lead Contract on the first business day of each month 
on which the Relevant Futures Exchange is open for trading during their respective trading session (a 
“Futures Exchange Business Day”). 
 
Table 5: Commodity Contract Calendar 
 
Commodity 
Jan 
Feb  
Mar 
Apr 
May 
Jun 
Jul 
Aug 
Sep 
Oct 
Nov 
Dec 
Brent Crude Oil 
J 
K 
M 
N 
Q 
U 
V 
X 
Z 
F 
G 
H 
Crude Oil (WTI) 
H 
J 
K 
M 
N 
Q 
U 
V 
X 
Z 
F 
G 
Natural Gas 
H 
J 
K 
M 
N 
Q 
U 
V 
X 
Z 
F 
G 
Copper 
H 
H 
K 
K 
N 
N 
U 
U 
Z 
Z 
Z 
H 
 
The LS Commodity Strategies will roll from the Lead Contract to the Next Contract over a period that will 
depend on the number and value of the Contracts referenced by the relevant LS Commodity Strategies, as 
determined by the Portfolio Administrator (the “Roll Period”). The Roll Period will typically start on the sixth 
Futures Exchange Business Day of each month and, as the number of the Contracts managed by the relevant 
LS Commodity Strategies grows relative to the total trading volume on each day of the Roll Period, the 
Portfolio Administrator may increase the number of Futures Exchange Business Days in the Roll Period up 
to and including the tenth Futures Exchange Business Day of each month (each, a “Roll Day”). The Portfolio 
Administrator will aim to roll the Contracts managed by the LS Commodity Strategies equally on each Roll 
Day. For example, if the Roll Period runs from the sixth to tenth Business Day of a month, the Portfolio 
Administrator will aim to roll 20% (1/5) of the Contracts on each of the five Roll Days. The duration of the Roll 
Period will be announced on the Issuer’s Website.  Table 6 is an example of the rolling process for Crude Oil 
(CL) during the February 2023 Roll Period, assuming a Roll Period of four days. 
 
 
 
Table 6 
 
Roll Weight 
Date 
Business 
Day 
Lead Contract 
Next Contract 
% Lead 
% Next 
07 February 2023 
5 
CLJ3 
CLK3 
100.0% 
0.0% 
08 February 2023 
6 
CLJ3 
CLK3 
75.0% 
25.0% 
09 February 2023 
7 
CLJ3 
CLK3 
50.0% 
50.0% 
10 February 2023 
8 
CLJ3 
CLK3 
25.0% 
75.0% 
13 February 2023 
9 
CLJ3 
CLK3 
0.0% 
100.0% 
14 February 2023 
10 
CLJ3 
CLK3 
0.0% 
100.0%

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
 
Market Disruption 
 
If a Futures Market Disruption Event (“FMDE”) occurs on any Roll Day (such day, a “Disrupted Roll Day”), 
the affected Roll Days will be postponed to the following Futures Exchange Business Days that are not 
Disrupted Roll Days.   
 
An FMDE occurs in the following situations: 
a) a severe trading interruption, or technical failure at the Relevant Futures Exchange; 
b) a complete trading halt of any Contract, for example due to extraordinary market events; 
c) a Contract price increases or decreases by such magnitude that it closes at its daily price limit set by 
the Relevant Futures Exchange; 
d) an unscheduled change of the Relevant Futures Exchange’s holiday & hours schedule, for instance 
due to extraordinary market events; or 
e) any other event which, in the determination of the Portfolio Administrator, severely impacts the LS 
Commodity Strategies and/or makes the calculation of the value of their Reference Assets unfeasible. 
Discretion and Investment Strategy Review 
 
The Portfolio Administrator may only exercise discretion in relation to the management of the LS Commodity 
Strategies (for example, the determination of or changes to the Roll Period or the Contracts, or investments 
into Alternative Commodity Assets) where justified by an FMDE or to improve the liquidity and tracking of 
such LS Commodity Strategies through ETP Securities.  
 
The Issuer will aim to publish any such changes on the Issuer’s Website as soon as reasonably 
practicable. 
 
Portfolio Administrator 
 
GWM Limited will be the Portfolio Administrator of the LS Commodity Strategies. GWM Limited has been 
appointed as Portfolio Administrator pursuant to the terms of the GWM Portfolio Administration Agreement.  
A summary of the provisions of the GWM Portfolio Administration Agreement is set out in the section of this 
Base Prospectus entitled “Summary of the Programme Documents”. 
 
Fees 
 
For ETP Securities which pursue the LS Commodity Investment Strategies, an annual Arranger Fee will be 
applicable. 
The “Arranger Fee” fee is charged daily at a rate that will not exceed 0.45% per annum of the ETP Security 
Value of the ETP Securities on the immediately preceding Valuation Date, adjusted by the change in the 
value of the Collateral Assets in respect of the Series of ETP Securities since the preceding Valuation Date. 
The Arranger Fee shall be disclosed on the website of the Issuer. 
 
Return on Collateral 
 
The ETP Security Value will include a Return on Collateral

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
 
 
 
 
5. NORMAL EXPOSURE INVESTMENT STRATEGIES 
 
The Issuer may issue Series of ETP Securities which employ the investment strategies listed below. The investment objective of such investment strategies will be to 
provide a Normal Exposure to the corresponding Reference Assets, listed in the table below.  
Fees 
The fee applicable to such Series will be an Arranger Fee which is charged daily at the per annum rate set out in the table below on the ETP Security Value of the ETP 
Securities held by an ETP Securityholder.  
The ETP Security Value will include a Return on Collateral. 
Name of the Investment Strategy 
Reference Asset  
Arranger Fee  
Tesla Tracker Investment Strategy  
Shares of Tesla Inc. 
0.15% 
Amazon Tracker Investment Strategy 
Shares of Amazon Inc. 
0.15% 
Plug Power Tracker Investment Strategy 
Shares of Microsoft Corp 
0.15% 
Microsoft Tracker Investment Strategy 
Shares of Microsoft Corp 
0.15% 
Alphabet Tracker Investment Strategy 
Shares of Alphabet Inc. 
0.15% 
Facebook Tracker Investment Strategy 
Shares of Meta Platforms Inc. 
0.15% 
Apple Tracker Investment Strategy 
Shares of Apple Inc. 
0.15% 
Netflix Tracker Investment Strategy 
Shares of Netflix, Inc. 
0.15% 
Sea Tracker Investment Strategy 
Sea Limited American Depositary 
Shares 
0.15% 
NIO Tracker Investment Strategy 
NIO Inc. American Depositary Shares 
0.15% 
Coinbase Investment Strategy 
 
Shares of Coinbase Global, Inc. 
0.15% 
ARK Genomic Revolution Tracker Investment Strategy 
 
ARK Genomic Revolution ETF 
0.35% 
ARK NextGen Internet Tracker Investment Strategy 
 
ARK Next Generation Internet ETF  
0.35%

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
ARK Innovation Tracker Investment Strategy 
 
 
 
ARK Innovation ETF 
0.35% 
Berkshire Hathaway Tracker Investment Strategy 
 
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. 
0.35% 
Wahed USA Sharia Tracker Investment Strategy  
Wahed FTSE USA Shariah ETF 
0.05% 
Wahed Islamic World Tracker Investment Strategy 
Wahed Dow Jones Islamic World ETF 
0.05% 
 
Investors should note that Series which track the Wahed USA Sharia Tracker Investment Strategy and the Wahed Islamic World Tracker Investment Strategy (the “Wahed 
Series”) are intended to be compliant with Sharia law.  The Collateral Assets of the Wahed Series shall comprise of the Reference Assets of such Investment Strategies. 
To extent any proceeds of the issuance of the Wahed Series are not required to be invested in the Reference Assets of the relevant Investment Strategy, such amounts 
may be maintained as cash balances held in the respective Margin Accounts for the Wahed Series (the “Wahed Margin Accounts”) and will not be invested in Ancillary 
Assets. The Collateral Assets of the Wahed Series will be held in the Wahed Margin Accounts by the Margin Loan Provider on behalf of the Issuer. The Wahed Margin 
Accounts shall not contain any margin loans.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
6. LEVERAGED EXPOSURE AND SHORT EXPOSURE INVESTMENT STRATEGIES 
 
The Issuer may issue Series of ETP Securities which employ the investment strategies listed below (the “Leveraged and Short Exposure Investment Strategies”).  
The investment objective of each Leveraged and Short Exposure Investment Strategy is to provide the Leveraged Exposures or Short Exposures, as determined by the 
applicable Leverage Factor, to the Reference Assets, listed below.  
 
For Series of ETPs which offer leveraged exposures, the leverage is achieved by borrowing from the Margin Loan Provider. 
 
For Series of ETPs which offer short exposures, the Issuer will take a short position by borrowing the Reference Asset of the Series from the Margin Loan Provider.   
 
The exposure of these ETP Securities to the Reference Assets will be rebalanced at the end of the Rebalance Period set out in the relevant Final Terms to maintain their 
stated Leveraged Exposure or Short Exposure, as the case may be, constant at the beginning of each Rebalance Period by reference to the applicable Leverage Factor.  
 
Leveraged and Short Exposure Investment Strategies will be subject to an Unscheduled Rebalance when the price of their respective Reference Assets increases (in the 
case of Short Exposures) or decreases (in the case of Leveraged Exposures) by more than the “Unscheduled Rebalance Trigger” in the below table with respect to their 
closing prices on the previous trading day during the regular trading session. Such adjustment seeks to protect the holder of ETP Securities pursuing Leveraged and 
Short Exposure Investment Strategies from suffering a complete loss in the event of extreme market movements by crystallising the losses incurred up to that point. 
 
The Issuer will aim to rebalance the ETP Security shortly after the Unscheduled Rebalance is triggered following similar mechanics to the standard rebalance at the end 
of each Rebalance Period by (i) using as a reference price the price published on exchange for the relevant Reference Assets when the Unscheduled Rebalance Trigger 
is reached (the “Trigger Price”) and (ii) by trading the Reference Assets in such amounts as may be required over a longer than normal period so that, following the end 
of such rebalancing period, the ETP Securities offer their stated Leveraged Exposure or Short Exposure to the Reference Assets by reference to the Trigger Price. After 
the Unscheduled Rebalance is completed, the Issuer will publish the resulting price, which will become the reference ETP Security Value for the rebalance of the ETP 
Security at the end of the relevant Rebalance Period. 
 
Fees 
 
The fees applicable to the Leveraged Exposure and Short Exposure Investment Strategies are as follows: (1) the arranger fee, which is charged daily at the per annum 
rate set out in the table below on the ETP Security Value of the ETP Securities held by an ETP Securityholder (the “Arranger Fee”); (2) the Daily Margin Interest Rate  
(in the case of Leveraged Exposures); (3) Securities Lending Fees ( in the case of Short Exposures); and (4) any applicable brokerage fees.    
 
 
The ETP Security Value will include a Return on Collateral. 
 
 
 
Name of Investment Strategy 
 
Reference Asset 
Leverage Factor 
Unscheduled 
Rebalance Trigger 
Arranger Fee  
5x Long US Tech 100 Investment Strategy 
 
 
Invesco QQQ Trust, Series 1 
5x 
-10% 
0.75% 
-3x Short US Tech 100 Investment Strategy 
Invesco QQQ Trust, Series 1 
-3x 
16.67% 
0.75%

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
 
 
5x Long US 500 Investment Stratregy 
 
SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust 
5x 
-10% 
0.75% 
-3x Short US 500 Investment Strategy 
 
SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust 
-3x 
16.67% 
0.75% 
3x Long Total World Investment Strategy 
Vanguard Total World Index 
Fund ETF 
3x 
-16.67% 
0.75% 
3x Long Semiconductors Investment Strategy 
VanEck Vectors Semiconductor 
ETF 
3x 
-16.67% 
0.75% 
-3x Short Semiconductors Investment Strategy 
VanEck Vectors Semiconductor 
ETF 
-3x 
16.67% 
0.75% 
3x Long ARK Genomic Revolution Investment Strategy 
 
ARK Genomic Revolution ETF 
3x 
-16.67% 
0.75% 
-3x Short ARK Genomic Revolution Investment Strategy 
 
ARK Genomic Revolution ETF 
-3x 
16.67% 
0.75% 
3x Long ARK NextGen Internet Investment Strategy 
 
ARK Next Generation Internet 
ETF 
3x 
-16.67% 
0.75% 
-3x Short ARK NextGen Internet Investment Strategy 
 
ARK Next Generation Internet 
ETF 
-3x 
16.67% 
0.75% 
3x Long ARK Innovation Investment Strategy 
 
ARK Innovation ETF 
3x 
-16.67% 
0.75% 
-3x Short ARK Innovation Investment Strategy 
 
ARK Innovation ETF 
-3x 
16.67% 
0.75% 
2x Long Berkshire Hathaway Investment Strategy  
 
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. 
2x 
-25% 
0.75% 
3x Long Airlines Investment Strategy 
 
U.S .Global Jets ETF 
3x 
-16.67% 
0.75% 
-3x Short Airlines Investment Strategy 
 
U.S .Global Jets ETF 
-3x 
16.67% 
0.75% 
3x Long Financials Investment Strategy 
Financial Select Sector SPDR 
Fund 
 
3x 
-16.67% 
0.75% 
-3x Short Financials Investment Strategy 
 
Financial Select Sector SPDR 
Fund 
 
-3x 
16.67% 
0.75% 
3x Long Gold Miners Investment Strategy 
VanEck Vectors Gold Miners 
ETF 
 
3x 
-16.67% 
0.75%

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
-3x Short Gold Miners Investment Strategy  
 
VanEck Vectors Gold Miners 
ETF 
 
-3x 
16.67% 
0.75% 
3x Long China Tech Investment Strategy  
KraneShares CSI China Internet 
ETF 
 
3x 
-16.67% 
0.75% 
-3x Short China Tech Investment Strategy  
 
KraneShares CSI China Internet 
ETF 
 
-3x 
16.67% 
0.75% 
3x Long Biotechnology Investment Strategy 
iShares Biotechnology ETF 
3x 
-16.67% 
0.75% 
 
-3x Short Biotechnology Investment Strategy 
 
iShares Biotechnology ETF 
-3x 
16.67% 
0.75% 
3x Long Oil and Gas Investment Strategy 
Energy Select Sector SPDR 
Fund 
 
3x 
-16.67% 
0.75% 
-3x Short Oil and Gas Investment Strategy 
 
Energy Select Sector SPDR 
Fund 
 
-3x 
16.67% 
0.75% 
3x Long Clean Energy Investment Strategy 
iShares Global Clean Energy 
ETF 
3x 
-16.67% 
0.75% 
-3x Short Clean Energy Investment Strategy 
iShares Global Clean Energy 
ETF 
-3x 
16.67% 
0.75% 
3x Long Gold Investment Strategy 
 
SPDR Gold Trust 
3x 
-16.67% 
0.75% 
-3x Short Gold Investment Strategy 
 
SPDR Gold Trust 
-3x 
16.67% 
0.75% 
2x Long WTI Oil Investment Strategy 
 
United States Oil Fund LP 
2x 
-25% 
0.75% 
-2x Short WTI Oil Investment Strategy 
United States Oil Fund LP  
-2x 
25% 
0.75% 
3x Long Silver Investment Strategy 
iShares Silver Trust 
3x 
-16.67% 
0.75% 
-3x Short Silver Investment Strategy 
iShares Silver Trust 
-3x 
16.67% 
0.75 
3x Long South Korea Investment Strategy 
iShares MSCI South Korea ETF 
3x 
-16.67% 
0.75% 
-3x Short South Korea Investment Strategy 
iShares MSCI South Korea ETF 
-3x 
16.67% 
0.75% 
3x Long China Investment Strategy 
iShares MSCI China ETF  
3x 
-16.67% 
0.75%

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
-3x Short China Investment Strategy 
iShares MSCI China ETF 
-3x 
16.67% 
0.75% 
3x Long Taiwan Investment Strategy 
iShares MSCI Taiwan ETF  
3x 
-16.67% 
0.75% 
-3x Short Taiwan Investment Strategy 
iShares MSCI Taiwan ETF 
-3x 
16.67% 
0.75% 
3x Long Japan Investment Strategy 
iShares MSCI Japan ETF 
3x 
-16.67% 
0.75% 
-3x Short Japan Investment Strategy 
iShares MSCI Japan ETF 
-3x 
16.67% 
0.75% 
3x Long US Tech 100 Investment Strategy 
Invesco QQQ Trust, Series 1 
3x 
-16.67% 
0.01% 
3x Long US 500 Investment Strategy 
SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust  
3x 
-16.67% 
0.01% 
3x Long Germany Investment Strategy 
iShares Core DAX UCITS ETF 
(DE)  
3x 
-16.67% 
0.75% 
-3x Short Germany Investment Strategy  
iShares Core DAX UCITS ETF 
(DE)  
-3x 
16.67% 
0.75% 
3x Long India Investment Strategy 
iShares MSCI India ETF 
3x 
-16.67% 
0.75% 
-3x Short India Investment Strategy 
iShares MSCI India ETF 
-3x 
16.67% 
0.75% 
5x Long 20+ Year Treasury Bond Investment Strategy 
 
iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond 
ETF 
5x 
-10% 
0.75% 
-5x Short 20+ Year Treasury Bond Investment Strategy  
iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond 
ETF 
-5x 
10% 
0.75% 
5x Long 7-10 Year Treasury Bond Investment Strategy 
iShares 7-10 Year Treasury 
Bond ETF 
5x 
-10% 
0.75% 
-5x Short 7-10 Year Treasury Bond Investment Strategy 
iShares 7-10 Year Treasury 
Bond ETF 
-5x 
10% 
0.75% 
5x Long TIPS US Bond Investment Strategy 
iShares TIPS Bond ETF 
5x 
-10% 
0.75% 
-5x Short TIPS US Bond Investment Strategy 
iShares TIPS Bond ETF 
-5x 
10% 
0.75%

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
7. FAANG+ INVESTMENT STRATEGY 
 
The Solactive FAANG+ Investment Strategy is a strategy that aims to track the Solactive FAANG+ Index.  
 
The Solactive FAANG+ Index intends to track the price movements of a portfolio of ten (10) stocks which 
includes as core components the following stocks: 
 
• 
Meta Platforms Inc 
• 
Apple Inc. 
• 
Amazon.com Inc.  
• 
Netflix Inc.  
• 
Microsoft Corp. 
• 
Alphabet Inc. (Class A) 
• 
Tesla Inc  
 
(the “Core Components”) and then the next largest, most liquid, tech-enabled stocks listed and 
headquartered in the United States (the “Non-Core Components”). 
 
The Core Components and the Non-Core Components shall be referred to herein as the “Solactive FAANG+ 
Index Universe Requirements”. 
 
The Solactive FAANG+ Index is a rules-based, equal-weighted equity index that rebalances annually. As 
such, at each rebalancing date, each component will be re-weighted back to 10% of the Solactive FAANG+ 
Index and the Non- Core Components will be determined again based on the eligibility criteria set out in the 
Index methodology, which can be found in at http://www.solactive.com. 
 
The Solactive FAANG+ Index is owned, calculated, administered and published by Solactive AG assuming 
the role as index administrator under the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011. 
 
Further information on the Solactive FAANG+ Index can be found at: 
https://solactive.com/downloads/SOLAZDM_Guideline.pdf  
 
 
Portfolio Administrator 
 
GWM Limited will be the Portfolio Administrator of the Solactive FAANG+ Investment Strategy. GWM Limited 
has been appointed as Portfolio Administrator pursuant to the terms of the GWM Portfolio Administration 
Agreement.  A summary of the provisions of the GWM Portfolio Administration Agreement is set out in the 
section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Summary of the Programme Documents”. 
 
Fees 
 
For ETP Securities which pursue the Solactive FAANG+ Investment Strategy, an annual Arranger Fee will 
be applicable. 
The “Arranger Fee” fee is charged daily at a rate of 0.35% per annum of the ETP Security Value of the ETP 
Securities on the immediately preceding Valuation Date, adjusted by the change in the value of the Collateral 
Assets in respect of the Series of ETP Securities since the preceding Valuation Date. 
 
Return on Collateral 
 
The ETP Security Value will include a Return on Collateral. 
 
Additional information relating to the Solactive FAANG+ Investment Strategy Reference Assets (the 
“Solactive FAANG+ Portfolio”) 
Sample Solactive FAANG+ Portfolio

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
The Final Terms shall include details of a sample Solative FAANG+ Portfolio. 
The sample Solactive FAANG+ Portfolio constituents listed in Annex 2 to the Final Terms are a sample 
portfolio only.  This is called the “Solactive FAANG+ Sample Portfolio”.  On any day, including the Issue Date 
of each Tranche of ETP Securities which pursue the Solactive FAANG+ Investment Strategy, the Solactive 
FAANG+ Portfolio shall comprise cash and/or other equity securities which are different from the constituents 
of the Solactive FAANG+ Sample Portfolio, provided that they always comply with the Solactive FAANG+ 
Index Universe Requirements.  
Post Issuance Information  
The Issuer will, from time to time, provide reports and announcements 
on 
its website 
www.leverageshares.com: 
(i) 
at least on an annual basis with respect to the composition of the Solactive FAANG+ Portfolio on the 
basis of information provided to the Issuer by the Portfolio Administrator; and 
(ii) 
otherwise from time to time, to the extent the relevant disclosure is required by applicable law, including 
disclosure of any inside information required under Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse.  
The Issuer does not intend to provide any other post issuance information in relation to the Solactive FAANG+ 
Portfolio.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
8. CWM CORE BALANCED INVESTMENT STRATEGY 
  
The CWM Core Balanced Investment Strategy is a strategy that aims to track the Solactive CWM Core 
Balanced Strategy Index.  
 
The Solactive CWM Core Balanced Strategy Index intends to track the price movements of a portfolio of 
Reference Assets, weighted as indicated below: 
 
 
Reference Assets 
 
Weighting 
iShares $ Treasury Bond 1-3yr UCITS ETF  
 
13.17% 
Vanguard USD Corporate 1-3 Year Bond UCITS 
ETF  
 
10.09% 
iShares $ High Yield Corp Bond UCITS ETF 
 
6.38% 
iShares US Aggregate Bond UCITS ETF 
 
5.21% 
iShares $ TIPS UCITS ETF  
 
 
 
2.58% 
iShares $ Corp Bond UTIS ETF 
 
2.58% 
Vanguard USD Emerging Markets Government 
Bond UCITS ETF 
 
4.17% 
iShares Core S&P 500 UCITS ETF 
 
18.72% 
iShares MSCI USA UCITS ETF 
 
4.82% 
iShares MSCI USA Small Cap ESG Enhanced 
UCITS ETF 
 
5.64% 
iShares Core MSCI Japan IMI UCITS ETF 
 
2.63% 
iShares S&P 500 Health Care Sector UCITS ETF 
 
4.65% 
iShares S&P 500 Information Technology Sector 
UCITS ETF 
 
9.72% 
Vanguard FTSE Developed Asia Pacific ex Japan 
UCITS ETF 
 
2.08% 
Vanguard FTSE Developed Europe ex UK UCITS 
ETF 
 
5.47% 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold ETC 
 
2.10% 
 
The Solactive CWM Core Balanced Strategy Index rebalances quarterly. As such, at each rebalancing date, 
each Reference Asset listed above will be re-weighted back to the corresponding weightings set out above. 
 
The Solactive CWM Core Balanced Strategy Index is owned, calculated, administered and published by 
Solactive AG assuming the role as index administrator under the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011. 
 
Further information on the Solactive CWM Core Balanced Strategy Index can be found at: 
https://www.solactive.com/indices/

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
 
 
Portfolio Administrator 
 
GWM Limited will be the Portfolio Administrator of the CWM Core Balanced Investment Strategy . GWM 
Limited has been appointed as Portfolio Administrator pursuant to the terms of the GWM Portfolio 
Administration Agreement.  A summary of the provisions of the GWM Portfolio Administration Agreement is 
set out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Summary of the Programme Documents”. 
 
Fees 
 
For ETP Securities which pursue the CWM Core Balanced Investment Strategy, an annual Arranger Fee will 
be applicable. 
The “Arranger Fee” fee is charged daily at a rate that will not exceed 0.85% per annum of the ETP Security 
Value of the ETP Securities on the immediately preceding Valuation Date, adjusted by the change in the 
value of the Collateral Assets in respect of the Series of ETP Securities since the preceding Valuation Date. 
The Arranger Fee shall be disclosed on the website of the Issuer. 
 
Return on Collateral 
 
The ETP Security Value will include a Return on Collateral.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
9. 
THE VANILLA STRATEGIES  
The Vanilla Funds Balanced Portfolio GBP Strategy, the Vanilla Funds Balanced Portfolio USD Strategy (the 
“Vanilla ETF Strategies”) and the Vanilla Funds Blue Chip Portfolio USD Strategy (together with the "Vanilla 
ETF Strategies, the “Vanilla Strategies”) are actively managed by the Portfolio Administrator, GWM Limited, 
using the methodologies developed by Vanilla Trading Co, a South African company, details of which are set 
out below. 
Vanilla ETF Strategies 
The Vanilla ETF Strategies invest in portfolios of exchange traded products  across asset classes (including 
equity, fixed income and commodity) and regions with the aim of maximising portfolio returns, while controlling 
portfolio risk to a volatility level of between 10% and 15% over a 5-year period.  
The Vanilla Funds Balanced Portfolio GBP Strategy will invest in exchange traded products listed on the 
London Stock Exchange and the Vanilla Funds Balanced Portfolio USD Strategy will invest in exchange 
traded products listed on the NASDAQ Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange. 
The portfolios are monitored on a daily basis and rebalanced at most monthly. The Vanilla Strategies Sponsor 
uses state of the art technology to screen extensive market, macro‐economic and ETF data sets from around 
the world. The exchange traded products are selected by employing an Artificial Intelligence & Machine 
Learning ranking system. This systematic framework carefully analyses a wide universe of exchange traded 
funds and exchange traded products to identify the best investment opportunities based on market conditions. 
Vanilla Blue Chip Model Portfolio Strategy 
The Vanilla Funds Blue Chip Portfolio USD Strategy will invest in equity securities listed on either the New 
York Stock Exchange or Nasdaq, from sectors that offer the most promising long-term performance.  The 
weightings and selections of those stocks is rebalanced on a quarterly basis, using a range of technical and 
fundamental metrics. 
Vanilla Strategies Sponsor 
Vanilla Trading Co. is the sponsor of the Vanilla Strategies. Vanilla Trading Co. was incorporated under the 
laws of South Africa on 13 June 2023 (registration number 2023/807009/07) with the overriding objective to 
create strategies to maximise returns across a broad range of financial products by employing Algo-Chain's 
AI & Machine Learning assisted platform for the selection of stocks & exchange traded funds and for the 
asset allocation process.  
 
Details of the directors and shareholders of Vanilla Trading Co. are set out below: 
 
Directors 
 
Gareth Davies 
Tanswell Gustav Sassman 
 
Shareholders 
Patrick James Robert Ralph (25%) 
Craig James Holman (25%) 
Gareth Richard George Davies (25%) 
Assisi House Holdings (25%), which is owned by Stuart John Raber and Paula Jane Leaver 
 
Vanilla Trading Co. does not currently have a website and is an unregulated company. 
 
The principal of the Vanilla Trading Co. is Patrick Ralph who has over four decades of experience in the 
financial services industry, holding management and senior-level positions at some of the UK’s major financial 
institutions.  
 
In managing the Vanilla Strategies, GWM Limited, the Portfolio Administrator, will use the methodologies 
developed by Vanilla Trading Co. The sample Vanilla Strategies portfolio constituents are listed in Annex 4-
6 to the Form of Final Terms set out at pages 182-192 of this Base Prospectus. These are sample portfolios

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
only for the respective Vanilla Strategies.  See “Sample Vanilla Strategies Portfolio” below for more detail. 
 
Portfolio Administrator 
GWM Limited will be the Portfolio Administrator of the Vanilla Strategies. The portfolio administration role 
carried out by GWM Limited will incorporate the role of investment management for the Vanilla Strategies. 
GWM Limited has been appointed as Portfolio Administrator pursuant to the terms of the GWM Portfolio 
Administration Agreement.  A summary of the provisions of the GWM Portfolio Administration Agreement is 
set out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Summary of the Programme Documents”. 
Fees 
For ETP Securities which pursue the Vanilla Strategies, an annual Arranger Fee will be applicable. 
The “Arranger Fee” fee is charged daily at a rate that will not exceed 1.30% per annum of the ETP Security 
Value of the ETP Securities on the immediately preceding Valuation Date, adjusted by the change in the 
value of the Collateral Assets in respect of the Series of ETP Securities since the preceding Valuation Date. 
The Arranger Fee shall be disclosed on the website of the Issuer. 
Return on Collateral 
The ETP Security Value will include a Return on Collateral. 
Initial composition and additional information relating to each Vanilla Strategy Reference Assets 
(each , a “Vanilla Strategy Portfolio”) 
Initial Vanilla Strategies Portfolio 
As at the Issue Date each Vanilla Strategy portfolio shall comprise 100% in cash in the currency of 
denomination of the relevant Vanilla Strategy. 
Sample Vanilla Strategies Portfolio 
The Final Terms shall include details of a sample Vanilla Strategy portfolio. 
The sample Vanilla Strategies portfolio constituents listed in Annex 4-6 to the Form of Final Terms are a 
sample portfolio only for the respective Vanilla Strategies.  On any day, including the Issue Date of each 
Tranche of ETP Securities which pursue any of the Vanilla Strategies, the respective Vanilla Strategy portfolio 
shall comprise cash and/or other securities which are different from the constituents of the respective Vanilla 
Strategy Sample portfolio. 
Post Issuance Information  
The Issuer will, from time to time, provide reports and announcements 
on 
its website 
www.leverageshares.com: 
(i) 
at least on a quarterly basis with respect to the composition of each Vanilla Strategy portfolio on the 
basis of information provided to the Issuer by the Portfolio Administrator; and 
(ii) 
otherwise from time to time, to the extent the relevant disclosure is required by applicable law, including 
disclosure of any inside information required under Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse.  
The Issuer does not intend to provide any other post issuance information in relation to any Vanilla Strategy 
portfolio.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
10. 
THE SHORT CONTANGO LONG EQUITY INVESTMENT STRATEGY 
The Short Contango Long Equity Strategy is an actively managed investment strategy which employs a 
proprietary methodology developed by the Portfolio Administrator, GWM Ltd. 
The Short Contango Long Equity Strategy aims to take a long position in an equity ETF listed on the New 
York Stock Exchange and a short position on any asset class that has historically experienced frequent 
periods of pronounced contango. 
“Contango” refers to a situation in which futures contracts with further expiries are more expensive than 
futures contracts with shorter expiries. For example, since the VIX Short-Term Futures Index tracked by the 
iPath ETNs (ad defined below) offers exposure to a daily rolling long position in the first and second month 
VIX futures contracts, if the VIX is in contango, the VIX Short-Term Futures Index would be expected to lose 
value as the VIX futures roll, and a short position in the iPath ETNs, consequently, to profit from such 
contango. The converse is true: if the VIX futures move to backwardations (ie., where the futures with shorter 
expiries are more expensive than the futures with longer expiries), a short position in the iPath ETNs may 
incur losses. 
Short Contango 
The Short Contango Long Equity Strategy aims to have a long-term short exposure of between 20% and 
40% to high-contango asset classes. The Portfolio Administrator can maintain short positions outside of this 
range at its discretion to exploit market opportunities. To implement this strategy, the Portfolio Administrator 
will take short positions on any of the exchange traded products listed below and any other exchange traded 
products listed on the New York Stock Exchange providing exposure to futures on the VIX Index, natural gas, 
crude oil or any other asset class that exhibit high levels of contango, taking into account factors such as 
liquidity, fees, short availability and cost to borrow: 
• 
iPath® Series B S&P 500® VIX Short-Term Futures™ ETNs (“iPath ETNs”) 
• 
ProShares VIX Short- Term Futures ETF. 
• 
United States Natural Gas Fund LP 
• 
ProShares Ultra Bloomberg Natural Gas 
• 
United States Oil Fund LP 
• 
ProShares Ultra Bloomberg Crude Oil 
The proceeds from shorting exchage traded products will be maintained as cash in the Margin Account. The 
short exposure seeks to capture the contango of the volatility curve.  
Long Equity Exposure 
The Portfolio Administrator will aim to invest 100% of the Series issue proceeds in ETFs listed on the New 
York Stock Exchange providing a diversfied equity exposure, including but not limited to:  
• 
Invesco QQQ Trust, Series 1 
• 
iShares MSCI USA Min Vol Factor ETF 
• 
Invesco S&P 500 Low Volatility ETF 
• 
iShares MSCI USA Quality Factor ETF 
The Portfolio Administrator will have discretion to rebalance the portfolio on any month on the basis of, among 
other factors, that the short exposure is too high or the long equity exposure is overbough.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
This Investment Strategy is highly risky, as market prices may move against both the short contango and the 
long equity exposures at the same time, thereby losing value more rapidly than normal strategies.  
GWM Limited will be the Portfolio Administrator of the Short Contango Long Equity Strategy. The portfolio 
administration role carried out by GWM Limited will also incorporate the role of investment management for 
the Short Contango Long Equity Strategy. GWM Limited has been appointed as Portfolio Administrator 
pursuant to the terms of the GWM Portfolio Administration Agreement.  A summary of the provisions of the 
GWM Portfolio Administration Agreement, including the provisions in relation to appointment of a replacement 
Portfolio Administrator, is set out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Summary of the Programme 
Documents”. 
Fees  
For ETP Securities which pursue the Short Contango Long Equity Strategy the following fees are applicable: 
(1) the Arranger Fee; and (2) the Daily Margin Interest Rate (in the case of Leveraged Exposures); and (3) 
Securities Lending Fees (in the case of Short Exposures). 
The “Arranger Fee” is comprised of the following: 
(i) 
a fee charged daily at a rate of 1% per annum of the ETP Security Value of the ETP 
Securities on the immediately preceding Valuation Date, adjusted by the change in 
the value of the Collateral Assets in respect of the Series of ETP Securities since the 
preceding Valuation Date; and 
(i) 
a performance based fee charged daily, equal to the maximum of (i) zero and (ii) 10% 
of the difference between the value of the ETP Securities on that day and the previous 
highest value of the ETP Securities, where such value is calculated using the 
methodology for calculating their ETP Security Value but excluding this performance 
based fee. 
Return on Collateral 
The ETP Security Value will include a Return on Collateral. 
Initial composition and additional information relating the Short Contango Long Equity Investment 
Strategy 
Initial Short Contango Long Equity Investment Strategy 
As at the Issue Date the Short Contango Long Equity Investment Strategy portfolio shall comprise 100% in 
cash in the currency of denomination of the Short Contango Long Equity Investment Strategy. 
Sample Short Contango Long Equity Investment Strategy Portfolio 
The Final Terms shall include details of a sample Short Contango Long Equity Strategy portfolio. 
The sample Short Contango Long Equity Investment Strategy portfolio constituents listed in Annex 7 to the 
Form of Final Terms are a sample portfolio only for the Short Contango Long Equity Investment Strategy.  On 
any day, including the Issue Date of each Tranche of ETP Securities which pursue the Short Contango Long 
Equity Investment Strategy, the Short Contango Long Equity Investment Strategy portfolio shall comprise 
cash and/or other securities which are different from the constituents of the Short Contango Long Equity 
sample portfolio. 
Post Issuance Information  
The Issuer will, from time to time, provide reports and announcements 
on 
its website 
www.leverageshares.com: 
(ii) 
at least on a weekly basis with respect to the composition of each Short Contango Long Equity 
Investment Strategy portfolio on the basis of information provided to the Issuer by the Portfolio

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
Administrator; and 
(iii) 
otherwise from time to time, to the extent the relevant disclosure is required by applicable law, including 
disclosure of any inside information required under Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse.  
The Issuer does not intend to provide any other post issuance information in relation to any Short Contango 
Long Equity Investment Strategy portfolio.

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
11.  THE SHORT AND LEVERAGED INDEX TRACKING INVESTMENT STRATEGIES 
 
The Issuer may issue Series of ETP Securities which employ the investment strategies listed below (the 
“Short and Leveraged Index Tracking Investment Strategies”). The investment objective of each of the 
Short and Leveraged Index Tracking Investment Strategies is to provide the Leveraged Exposure or Short 
Exposure, as determined by the applicable Leverage Factor, to the respective indices, as detailed below (the 
“Relevant Indices” and each a “Relevant Index”). 
 
The Reference Assets of the Short and Leveraged Index Tracking Investment Strategies will be the 
components of the respective Relevant Indices. 
 
For Series of ETPs which offer Leveraged Exposures, the leverage will be achieved by borrowing from the 
Margin Loan Provider. 
 
For Series of ETPs Securities which offer Short Exposures,  the Issuer will take a short position by borrowing 
the components of the Relevant Indices. 
 
The exposure of the ETP Securities to the Relevant Index will be rebalanced at the end of the Rebalance 
Period as set out in the relevant Final Terms to maintain their stated Leveraged Exposure or Short Exposure, 
as the case may be, constant at the beginning of each Rebalance Period by reference to the applicable 
Leverage Factor.  
 
The Short and Leveraged Index Tracking Investment Strategies will subject to an Unscheduled Rebalance 
when the price of the Relevant Index increases (in the case of Short Exposures) or decreases (in the case of 
Leveraged Exposures) by more than the “Unscheduled Rebalance Trigger” in the below table with respect to 
their closing prices on the previous trading day during the regular trading session. Such adjustment seeks to 
protect the holder of ETP Securities pursuing Leveraged and Short Exposure Investment Strategies from 
suffering a complete loss in the event of extreme market movements by crystallising the losses incurred up 
to that point. 
 
The Issuer will aim to rebalance the ETP Security shortly after the Unscheduled Rebalance is triggered 
following similar mechanics to the standard rebalance at the end of each Rebalance Period by (i) using as a 
reference price the price published on exchange for the relevant Reference Assets when the Unscheduled 
Rebalance Trigger is reached (the “Trigger Price”) and (ii) by trading the Reference Assets in such amounts 
as may be required over a longer than normal period so that, following the end of such rebalancing period, 
the ETP Securities offer their stated Leveraged Exposure or Short Exposure to the Relevant Indices by 
reference to the Trigger Price. After the Unscheduled Rebalance is completed, the Issuer will publish the 
resulting price, which will become the reference ETP Security Value for the rebalance of the ETP Security at 
the end of the relevant Rebalance Period. 
 
Fees 
 
The fees applicable to the Short and Leveraged Index Tracking Investment Strategies are as follows: (1) the 
arranger fee, which is charged daily, not to exceed the per annum rate, as set out in the table below, on the 
ETP Security Value of the ETP Securities held by an ETP Securityholder (the “Arranger Fee”); (2) the Daily 
Margin Interest Rate (in the case of Leverage Exposures); (3) Securities Lending Fees (in the case of Short 
Exposures); and (4) any applicable brokerage fees, 
 
The ETP Security Value will include a Return on Collateral.
 
 
Portfolio Administrator 
 
GWM Limited will be the Portfolio Administrator of the Short and Leveraged Index Tracking Investment 
Strategies. GWM Limited has been appointed as Portfolio Administrator pursuant to the terms of the GWM 
Portfolio Administration Agreement.  A summary of the provisions of the GWM Portfolio Administration 
Agreement is set out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Summary of the Programme 
Documents”.

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
 
Name of Investment Strategy 
 
Index  
Index Sponsor  
Index Information Source 
Leverage 
Factor 
Unscheduled 
Rebalance 
Trigger 
Arranger 
Fee  
4x 
Long 
Semiconductors 
Investment Strategy 
 
 
NYSE 
Semiconductor 
Index 
NYSE® Group, Inc. 
https://www.nyse.com/indices 
 
4x 
-15% 
0.75% 
-4x 
Short 
Semiconductors 
Investment Strategies  
 
NYSE 
Semiconductor 
Index  
NYSE® Group, Inc. 
https://www.nyse.com/indices 
 
-4x 
15% 
0.75% 
 
5x Long Magnificent 7 Investment 
Strategy 
Solactive Magnificent 7 
Index 
 
Solactive AG 
http://www.solactive.com 
5x 
-15% 
0.75% 
-3x Short Magnificent 7 Investment 
Strategy 
Solactive Magnificent 7 
Index  
Solactive AG 
http://www.solactive.com 
-3x 
16.67% 
0.75% 
3x Long Artificial Intelligence (AI) 
Investment Strategy 
Solactive 
US 
Artificial 
Intelligence (AI) Index 
Solactive AG 
http://www.solactive.com 
 
3x 
-16.67% 
0.75% 
-3x Short Artificial Intelligence (AI) 
ETP Securities  
Solactive 
Artificial 
Intelligence (AI) Index  
Solactive AG 
http://www.solactive.com 
 
-3x 
16.67% 
 
0.75% 
 
  
NYSE Semiconductor Index 
 
The NYSE Semiconductor Index is a rules-based, modified float-adjusted market capitalisation-weighted index that tracks the performance of the thirty largest U.S 
semiconductor equity securities listed on the New York Stock Exchange or Nasdaq (the “Semiconductor Universe”). 
 
The NYSE Semiconductor Index undergoes a reconstitution annually after the close of the third Friday of September. It is possible, therefore, that some of the equity 
securities listed below may be removed from the constituents of the NYSE Semiconductor Index and other constituents within the Semiconductor Universe may be added.  
 
The NYSE Semiconductor Index will be rebalanced quarterly. At each quarterly rebalancing the constituent weights will be recalculated, however no constituents are 
added to or removed from the NYSE Semiconductor Index. 
 
The rules and methodology of the NYSE Semiconductor Index can be found at https://indices.ice.com/ 
 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the constituents of the NYSE Semiconductor Index is as follows: 
 
Name of Issuer 
ISIN 
Governing 
Law 
Market on which 
equity security is 
listed 
Link to where information on the obligations can 
be found 
Weighting

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
Nvidia Corp 
US67066G1040 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/nvda 
0.107572473 
 
Advanced Micro Devices Inc 
US0079031078 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/amd 
0.093918038 
 
Broadcom Inc 
US11135F1012 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/avgo 
0.089512977 
 
Qualcomm Inc 
US7475251036 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/qcom 
0.062980957 
 
Intel Corporation  
US4581401001 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/intc 
0.04908081 
 
Applied Materials Inc 
US0382221051 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/amat 
0.043291324 
 
Lam Research Corp 
US5128071082 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/lrcx 
0.041554446 
 
KLA Corp 
US4824801009 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/klac 
0.039767223 
 
ASML Holding N.V. 
USN070592100 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/asml 
0.039529048 
 
Marvell Technology Inc 
US5738741041 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/mrvl 
0.039649324 
 
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing 
Co. Ltd. ADR 
 
US8740391003 
Taiwan 
New York Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:TSM 
0.037941056 
 
NXP Semiconductors NV 
NL0009538784 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/nxpi 
0.038487173 
 
Micron Technology Inc 
US5951121038 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/mu 
 
 
0.038569025 
 
Texas Instrument Inc 
US8825081040 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/txn 
0.034523657

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
Analog Devices Inc 
US0326541051 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/adi 
0.032955578 
 
 ON Semiconductor Corp 
 
US6821891057 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/on 
0.032568849 
 
Monolithic Power Systems Inc 
US6098391054 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/mpwr 
   
0.031793779 
 
Microchip Technology Inc 
US5950171042 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/mchp 
0.031772253 
 
Entegris Inc 
 
US29362U1043 
 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/entg 
  
0.019418638 
 
Skyworks Solutions Inc 
US83088M1027 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/swks 
0.016380748 
 
Teradyne Inc 
US8807701029 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/ter 
0.015068403 
 
STMicroelectronics NV ADR 
US8610121027 
France 
New York Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:STM 
0.011632638 
 
Qorvo Inc 
US74736K1016 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/qrvo 
0.010873002 
 
Lattice Semiconductor Corp 
US5184151042 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/lscc 
0.009986114 
 
MKS Instruments Inc 
US55306N1046 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/mksi 
0.007419087 
 
Rambus Inc 
US7509171069 
 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/rmbs 
0.006070358 
 
 
  ASE Technology Holding Co. Ltd ADR  
 
US00215W1009 
Taiwan 
New York Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:ASX 
0.005799981 
 
United Micro Electronics Corp ADR 
US9108734057 
Taiwan 
New York Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:UMC 
0.005221914 
 
Axcelis Technologies Inc 
US0545402085 
United 
States of 
America 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/acls 
0.003485978

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
Wolfspeed Inc 
US9778521024 
United 
States of 
America 
New York Stock 
Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:WOLF 
0.00317515 
 
 
 
 
 
Solactive Magnificent 7 Index 
 
The Solactive Magnificent 7 Index tracks the performance of the seven mega cap US based companies listed below. Each component of the Solactive Magnificent 7 
Index is weighted equally. 
 
Name of Issuer 
ISIN 
Governing 
Law 
Market on which equity 
security is listed 
Link to where information on the obligations can be 
found 
Alphabet Inc-Class A 
US02079K1079 
 
United States 
of America 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:GOOG 
Amazon.Com Inc 
US0231351067 
United States 
of America 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:AMZN 
Apple Inc 
US0378331005 
United States 
of America 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:AAPL 
Meta Platforms Inc 
US30303M1027 
United States 
of America 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:META 
Microsoft Corp 
US5949181045 
United States 
of America 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:MSFT 
NVIDIA Corp 
US67066G1040 
United States 
of America 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:NVDA 
Tesla Inc 
US88160R1014 
United States 
of America 
New York Stock Exchange  
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:TSLA 
 
 
The Solactive Magnificent 7 Index is rebalanced semi annually. 
 
Further information on the Solactive Magnificent 7 Index can be found at: http://www.solactive.com 
 
 
Solactive US Artificial Intelligence (AI) Index 
 
The Solactive US Artificial Intelligence (AI) Index tracks the performance of the US based companies listed below which derive their revenues from artificial intelligence 
or artificial intelligence-driven services. Each component of the Solactive US Artificial Intelligence (AI) Index is equally weighted.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
Name of Issuer 
ISIN 
Market on which equity 
security is listed 
Link to where information on the obligations can be 
found 
Advanced Micro Devices  
US0079031078 
New York Stock Exchange  
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:AMD 
 
Alibaba Group Holdings- SP 
ADR 
US01609W1027 
New York Stock Exchange  
 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:BABA 
 
Alphabet Inc-Cl A 
US02079K1079 
New York Stock Exchange  
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:GOOG 
Amazon.Com Inc 
US0231351067 
New York Stock Exchange  
 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:AMZN 
 
Apple Inc 
US0378331005 
New York Stock Exchange  
 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:AAPL 
 
Arm Holdings ADR 
US0420682058 
New York Stock Exchange  
 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:ARM 
 
Intel Corporation  
US4581401001 
NASDAQ 
 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/intc 
 
Meta Platforms Inc 
 
US30303M1027 
New York Stock Exchange 
 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:META 
 
Microsoft Corp 
 
US5949181045 
New York Stock Exchange 
 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNGS:MSFT 
 
Nvidia Corp 
 
US67066G1040 
New York Stock Exchange 
 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/nvda 
 
Palantir Technologies Inc 
US69608A1088 
New York Stock Exchange 
 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:PLTR 
 
 
   Qualcomm Inc 
 
US7475251036 
 
NASDAQ 
https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/qcom 
Taiwan Semiconductor 
Manufacturing Co. Ltd – SP 
ADR 
US8740391003 
New York Stock Exchange 
https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:TSM 
 
The Solactive US Artificial Intelligence (AI) Index is rebalanced quarterly.

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
 
Futher information on the Solactive US Artificial Intelligence (AI) Index can be found at: http://www.solactive.com

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS 
 
The following description of the security arrangements relating to the Programme consists of a summary of 
certain provisions of the Trust Deed and the Margin Account Security Agreement relating to a Series of ETP 
Securities, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of each such Trust Deed and 
the Margin Account Security Agreement. The following summary does not purport to be complete, and 
prospective investors in ETP Securities of a Series must refer to the Trust Deed and the Margin Account 
Security Agreement in respect of that Series for detailed information regarding such documents.  
The Issuer’s obligations in respect of the ETP Securities of each Series are secured by the Security created 
by the Trust Deed and the Margin Account Security Agreement relating to such Series.  Additional Security 
Documents may be entered into in respect of particular Series if required by the Trustee 
The Security created in respect of a Series of ETP Securities is granted to the Trustee as continuing security 
for the Secured Obligations.  
Trust Deed 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed relating to a Series of ETP Securities in respect of that Series, the Secured 
Obligations of the Issuer shall be secured in favour of the Trustee, for its benefit and for the benefit of the 
Secured Creditors, by: 
(A) 
an assignment by way of security of all of the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and benefit present and 
future in, to and under the Programme Documents to the extent that they relate to such Series of 
ETP Securities; and 
(B) 
a first fixed charge over (i) all sums held now or in the future, by or on behalf of the Issuer to meet 
payments due in respect of the obligations and duties of the Issuer under the Security Documents 
and the ETP Securities, (ii) the Collateral Assets and any sums of money, securities, financial 
instruments or other property received or receivable now or in the future by or on behalf of the Issuer 
under the LS Margin Account Agreement and the Portfolio Administration Agreement and (iii) all of 
the Issuer’s rights as against the Margin Loan Provider in respect of any sum or property now or in 
the future standing to the credit of the relevant accounts of the Issuer with the Margin Loan Provider 
relating to the Series of ETP Securities, 
in each case, to the extent that they relate to such Series of ETP Securities. 
Margin Account Security Agreement 
On 9 September 2022 the Issuer and the Trustee entered into a New York law governed margin account 
security agreement (the “GS Margin Account Security Agreement”), pursuant to which the Secured 
Obligations of the Issuer shall be secured by: 
 
(i) 
assigning to the Trustee by way of security all the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and benefit 
present and future in, to and under the GS Margin Account Agreement to the extent that they 
relate to Series of ETP Securities where the GS Margin Account Agreement applies; and 
 
(ii) 
granting a continuing lien on and security interest in favour of the Trustee in all of the Issuer’s 
rights as against the Margin Loan Provider under the GS Margin Account Agreement in respect 
of any sum or property now or in the future standing to the credit of the Margin Account and 
any other account of the Issuer with the Margin Loan Provider to the extent that they relate to 
Series of ETP Securities where the GS Margin Account Agreement applies; and  
 
(iii) 
granting a continuing lien on and security interest in favour of the Trustee in all of the Issuer’s 
present and future right, title and interest in and to all of the Collateral Assets held in the Margin 
Account to the extent that they relate to Series of ETP Securities where the GS Margin Account 
Agreement applies.

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
On 18 October 2023 the Issuer and the Trustee entered into a New York law governed margin account 
security agreement (the “IB Margin Account Security Agreement”), pursuant to which the Secured 
Obligations of the Issuer shall be secured by: 
(i) 
assigning to the Trustee by way of security all the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and benefit 
present and future in, to and under the LS Margin Account Agreement to the extent that they 
relate to Series of ETP Securities where the IB Margin Account Agreement applies; and 
 
(ii) 
granting a continuing lien on and security interest in favour of the Trustee in all of the Issuer’s 
rights as against the Margin Loan Provider under the IB Margin Account Agreement in respect 
of any sum or property now or in the future standing to the credit of the Margin Account and any 
other account of the Issuer with the Margin Loan Provider to the extent that they relate to Series 
of ETP Securities where the IB Margin Account Agreement applies; and  
(i) 
granting a continuing lien on and security interest in favour of the Trustee in all of the Issuer’s 
present and future right, title and interest in and to all of the Collateral Assets held in the Margin 
Account to the extent that they relate to Series of ETP Securities where the IB Margin Account 
Agreement applies. 
The defined term “Margin Account Security Agreement” means the GS Margin Account Security 
Agreement and/or the IB Margin Account Security Agreement and/or any other security agreement entered 
into with respect to an LS Margin Account Agreement, as applicable to a Series of ETP Securities. 
Enforcement of Security 
The Security constituted by the Security Documents in respect of a Series of ETP Securities will become 
enforceable if an Event of Default occurs with respect to such ETP Securities. The proceeds of such 
enforcement will be applied in accordance with the order of priority set out in Condition 6.5 of the ETP 
Securities.  
Subordination  
The Security created in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Creditors will be subordinated to 
a first ranking security interest created by the Issuer in favour of the Margin Loan Provider as security for the 
Issuer’s obligations under the LS Margin Account Agreement.

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
THE ISSUER 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this section of this Base Prospectus headed 
"The Issuer". No other Programme Party has verified, or accepts any liability whatsoever for the accuracy of, 
such information and investors contemplating purchasing any of the ETP Securities should make their own 
independent investigations and enquiries into the Issuer. 
General 
The Issuer was incorporated as Leverage Shares Public Limited Company on 27 January 2017 as a public 
limited company and is validly existing under the Companies Act 2014 (with registered number 597399).  
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle established for the purpose of issuing asset 
backed securities. The Issuer is incorporated and registered in Ireland. The registered office of the Issuer is 
2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, D01 P767, Ireland. The telephone number 
of the Issuer is +353 1 2240300.  The Issuer’s LEI number is 635400TLFJSNHVSOFH59. 
The Issuer’s website is www.leverageshares.com. 
Share Capital and Shareholders 
The authorised share capital of the Issuer is EUR 25,000 divided into 25,000 ordinary shares of EUR 1.00 
each (the "Shares") of which 25,000 are issued and paid up to the amount of EUR 25,000 and are directly or 
indirectly held by Monument Trustees Limited, with its registered office at 57 Herbert Lane, Dublin 2, Ireland 
and CRO number 345558 (the "Share Trustee") under the terms of a declaration of trust (the "Declaration 
of Trust") dated 20 June 2017 under which the Share Trustee holds the benefit of the Shares on trust for 
charitable purposes. The Share Trustee has no beneficial interest in and derives no benefit (other than its 
fees for acting as Share Trustee) from its holding of the Shares. The Issuer has no subsidiaries. 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 30 June 
2023. Save for the issues of ETP Securities and their related arrangements contemplated in this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer has no borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of borrowing and no contingent 
liabilities or guarantees.  
Business 
The principal objects of the Issuer are set out in Clause 3 of its Memorandum of Association and permit, 
among other things, the issuance of ETP Securities, the entering into of the Programme Documents and 
generally enabling it to carry out the business of the Issuer as set out in the Master Trust Deed and described 
in this Base Prospectus. 
The Master Trust Deed contains restrictions on the activities in which the Issuer may engage. Pursuant to 
these restrictions, the business of the Issuer is limited to acquiring and holding Collateral Assets, issuing ETP 
Securities up to a maximum number of ETP Securities outstanding equal to 5,000,000,000,000, entering into 
LS Margin Account Agreement and performing its obligations and exercising its rights thereunder and 
entering into other related transactions, and issuing unsecured debt securities, and disbursing loans, as 
contemplated by Condition 7(A)(6) of the ETP Securities. 
The assets of the Issuer will consist of the Collateral Assets and the benefit of the LS Margin Account 
Agreement in respect of each Series of ETP Securities and the issued and paid-up capital of the Issuer and 
fees. The only assets of the Issuer available to meet claims of ETP Securityholders and other secured 
creditors are the assets comprised in the relevant collection of benefits, rights and other assets comprising 
the security for the relevant Series of ETP Securities. 
The Issuer will be paid a fee for agreeing to issue the relevant ETP Securities. Other than the fees paid to 
the Issuer, its share capital and any income derived therefrom, there is no intention that the Issuer 
accumulates surpluses. The ETP Securities of each Series are direct, limited recourse obligations (with the 
exception of the Issuer’s obligations under the LS Margin Account Agreement) of the Issuer alone and not of 
the shareholders of the Issuer, the Trustee, any Margin Loan Provider, officers, members, directors, 
employees, ETP Securityholders or any obligor in respect of any Collateral Assets. Furthermore, they are not 
obligations of, or guaranteed in any way by, any of the Authorised Participants or any Index Sponsor or their 
respective successors or assigns.

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
Directors 
The Directors of the Issuer and their respective principal occupations are: 
Name  
 
 
Occupation 
Neil Fleming 
 
 
Company Director 
Ciaran Connolly 
 
Accountant 
The business address of the Directors is at 2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 
1, D01 P767, Ireland. 
Apex IFS Limited of 2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, D01 P767, Ireland is 
the corporate administrator of the Issuer. Its duties include the provision of certain administrative and related 
services to the Issuer including acting as company secretary. 
There are no conflicts of interest between members of the administrative, management and supervisory 
bodies of the Issuer and the private interests of such members. 
Ciaran Connolly is an employee of Apex IFS Limited.  
Financial Statements 
The Issuer intends to publish audited financial statements on an annual basis, and unaudited semi-annual 
financial statements. The financial year of the Issuer will end on 30 June in each year. The audited financial 
statements for the period from 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022 and from 1 July 2022 to 30 June 2023 can be 
viewed at the below links and are incorporated by reference into and form part of this Base Prospectus.  
https://leverageshares.com/documents/statements/LS-Audited-FS-for-financial-year-ended-30-June-
2022.pdf?x83340 
https://leverageshares.com/documents/statements/Leverage-Shares-Plc-annual-accounts-30.06.2023-
FINAL-SIGNED.pdf 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are BDO of Beaux Lane House, Mercer Street Lower, Dublin 2, Ireland, who are 
chartered accountants qualified to practise in Ireland and members of the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
in Ireland. 
Any future published audited financial statements prepared by the Issuer (which will, in each case, be in 
respect of the period ending on 30 June of the relevant year) will be available from the registered office of 
the Issuer and on the Issuer’s Website. 
 
Capitalisation 
The following table sets out the unaudited capitalisation of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Shareholders’ Funds: 
EUR 25,000 
Share Capital: 
Authorised: EUR 25,000; Issued: 25,000 Ordinary Shares of EUR 1.00 each. 
Total Capitalisation: 
EUR 25,000 
Annual General 
Meeting: 
So long as the Issuer’s first annual general meeting is within 18 months of the 
date of its incorporation, the Issuer does not need to hold an annual general 
meeting in the year of its incorporation or in the year following. Subject to the 
above, the Issuer shall hold one annual general meeting in each year and not 
more than 15 months shall elapse between the date of one annual general 
meeting of the Issuer and that of the next.

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
THE ARRANGER 
The information set out in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Arranger" has been obtained 
from Leverage Shares Management Company Limited. Such information has been accurately reproduced 
and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by Leverage Shares 
Management Company Limited, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. Delivery of this Base Prospectus shall not create any implication that there has 
been no change in the affairs of Leverage Shares Management Company Limited since the date hereof, or 
that the information contained or referred to in this section is correct as of any time subsequent to its date. 
In addition to the Issuer, Leverage Shares Management Company Limited accepts responsibility for the 
information contained in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Arranger". No other Programme 
Party verified, or accepts any liability whatsoever for the accuracy of, such information and investors 
contemplating purchasing any of the ETP Securities should make their own independent investigations and 
enquiries into Leverage Shares Management Company Limited. 
General 
Leverage Shares Management Company Limited was incorporated in Ireland on 11 January 2017 as a private 
company limited by shares and is validly existing under the Companies Act 2014 (with registered number 
596207).    
The Arranger has not been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purposes of issuing asset-backed 
securities. The Arranger is incorporated and registered in Ireland.   
The registered office of the Arranger is 116 Mount Prospect Avenue, Clontarf, Dublin 3, Ireland.  
The objects of the Arranger are unrestricted. 
Management 
The Directors of the Arranger are: 
 
Neil Fleming 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jose Gonzalez  
John Dunphy 
 
 
The business address of each of the Directors is at 116 Mount Prospect Avenue, Clontarf, Dublin 3, Ireland 
The secretary of the Arranger is Boru Capital Limited, 116 Mount Prospect Avenue, Clontarf, Dublin 3, Ireland. 
The sole shareholder of the Arranger is Leverage Shares LLC, which is wholly owned by Jose Gonzalez. Mr 
Gonzalez is also the sole shareholder of GWM Limited and the Determination Agent. 
 
Business 
The principal activity of the Arranger is the provision of administrative and arranger services to the Issuer. 
The ETP Securities are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of the Arranger.

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
THE PORTFOLIO ADMINISTRATOR 
The information set out in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Portfolio Administrator" has been 
obtained from the Portfolio Administrators listed below. Such information has been accurately reproduced 
and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by the Portfolio 
Administrators, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. Delivery of this Base Prospectus shall not create any implication that there has been no change 
in the affairs of the Portfolio Administrators since the date hereof, or that the information contained or referred 
to in this section is correct as of any time subsequent to its date. 
In addition to the Issuer, the Portfolio Administrators listed below accept responsibility for the information 
related to their respective entities in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Portfolio Administrator". 
No other Programme Party verified, or accepts any liability whatsoever for the accuracy of, such information 
and investors contemplating purchasing any of the ETP Securities should make their own independent 
investigations and enquiries into the Portfolio Administrators listed below. 
In respect of each Series of ETP Securities, one of the Portfolio Administrators listed below, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, will be appointed to act as Portfolio Administrator.  
GWM Limited 
GWM Limited was incorporated under the laws of Bermuda on December 9, 2014. 
GWM Limited obtained an Investment Business License pursuant to Section 17 of the Investment Act 2003 
from the Bermuda Monetary Authority on May 6, 2015. GWM Limited commenced operations on May 6, 2015. 
The registered office of GWM Limited is located at Cedar House, 41 Cedar Avenue, Hamilton, Bermuda. The 
powers and duties of GWM Limited are governed by the Investment Business Act 2003. GWM Limited is also 
subject to an externally imposed regulatory capital adequacy requirement by the Bermuda Monetary Authority 
and is required to maintain minimum net assets (excluding claims on connected entities) of $100,000. 
GWM Limited’s principal activity is to act as a broker/dealer in securities. GWM Limited also provides custody 
portfolio administration, advisory, trading and prime broker services to institutional and high net worth 
individuals.  As of February 2024, GWM Limited services over $1.025 billion in client assets. 
The directors of GWM Limited are: 
Jose Gonzalez 
Jose Gonzalez is a director of the Arranger. He is the sole shareholder of GWM Limited the Determination 
Agent. Mr Gonzalez is also the sole shareholder Leverage Shares LLC, the parent company of the Arranger. 
Mr Gonzalez is responsible for portfolio management at GWM Limited. 
Throughout his career, Mr Gonzalez has acquired unique experience in the asset management and 
brokerage business and has held the following roles: 
Flex Funds – (Current role) 
Mr Gonzalez is currently the Chief Executive Officer of Flex Funds, a globally recognised service provider for 
the administration of securitised assets. Flex Funds has over $1.5 billion of assets under administration, with 
over 250 issuances in over 30 countries.  
GWM Limited – (current role) 
 
Mr Gonzalez is the founder and CEO of GWM Ltd and has held this position since 2015.   
Global X -  (past role)  
Mr Gonzalez is the co-founder and former director of Global X, a New York based provider of exchange 
traded funds.  Mr. Gonzalez was instrumental to the success of Global X, making the company a reference 
as a provider of exchange traded funds that has surpassed $10 billion in managed assets across more than 
60 different products.

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
While at Global X, Mr Gonzalez held the position of portfolio manager from 2008 to 2014 and managed assets 
in excess of $2 billion over 30 funds.  
 
From 2014 until 2018 Mr. Gonzalez was a board member of Global X management companies and as a 
board member he was responsible for the oversight of the portfolio management, operations and trading of 
over 60 products with $10 billion in assets under management. 
 
Mapfre Inversion – (past role) 
 
Mr. Gonzalez started his career in 1998 at Mapfre Inversion in the fixed income  asset management 
department. Mapfre is the largest insurance company in Spain and one of the largest asset managers with 
over $60 billion in assets. 
 
Jose earned his Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Universidad Autónoma de Madrid and 
also holds Series 7, Series 24 and Series 63 licences which are administered by the Financial Industry 
Regulation Authority (FINRA) in the USA. 
 
Dobromir Kamburov 
 
Dobromir Kamburov currently holds the position of Chief Operating Officer at Leverage Shares LLC, 
responsible for operations, including marketing, product development and implementation.  Mr . Kamburov is 
an applied physicist with experience in data driven applications across finance, robotics and media,  Mr. 
Kamburov is a published author with 30+ scientific articles across leading physics and applied physics 
journals.  He holds Bachelor of Physics and Mathematics from Colegate University and an M.A. and Ph.D. in 
Electrical Engineering from Princeton University.  
Tracy Packwood 
Tracy Packwood is co-founder and director since July 2012 of Cohort Limited, which provides corporate 
management, consultancy and Bermuda Stock Exchange listing services to offshore companies and funds. 
Ms. Packwood’s experience in the international investment management industry includes positions with, 
Jupiter Asset Management (Bermuda) Limited (2002‐2012); Hedgeworld Limited (1999‐2001); and FIL 
Limited, formerly Fidelity International Limited, (1991‐1999). 
 
GWM Limited may also act as the Broker Dealer of Record and Second Authorised Participant with respect 
to certain Series of ETP Securities.

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
 
 
 
 
THE MARGIN LOAN PROVIDERS 
 
The information set out in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Margin Loan Providers" has been 
obtained from the Margin Loan Providers.  Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as 
the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by the Margin Loan Providers, no facts 
have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Delivery of this 
Base Prospectus shall not create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Margin 
Loan Providers since the date hereof, or that the information contained or referred to in this section is correct 
as of any time subsequent to its date. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this section of this Base Prospectus headed 
"The Margin Loan Providers". No other Programme Party verified, or accepts any liability whatsoever for the 
accuracy of, such information and investors contemplating purchasing any of the ETP Securities should make 
their own independent investigations and enquiries into the Margin Loan Providers. 
Interactive Brokers LLC  
Interactive Brokers LLC (“IBLLC”) is headquartered at One Pickwick Plaza, Greenwich, CT 06830, USA. 
IBLLC is a member of the New York Stock Exchange, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and is 
regulated by the US Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
IBLLC is rated investment grade by Standard & Poor’s. 
The ETP Securities are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of IBLLC. 
The Portfolio Administrator has the discretion as to whether IBLLC shall be appointed as Margin Loan 
Provider with respect to a Series of ETP Securities.  
Further information on IBLLC can be found at: 
 https://www.interactivebrokers.com/en/home.php 
IBLLC is part of the Interactive Brokers Group, the ownership of which is structured as follows:  
 
  
 
 
 
100% economic interest 
23.5% voting interest 
23.5% economic interest 
76.5% economic interest 
76.5% voting interest 
Public Stockholders 
Interactive Brokers 
Group, Inc. 
Members of IBG 
Holdings LLC 
IBG Holdings LLC 
Operating Subsidiaries of IBG LLC

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC (“GSLLC”) is located at 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, USA. GSLLC  is 
a wholly owned subsidiary of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., a leading global financial institution that 
delivers a broad range of financial services across investment banking, securities, investment management 
and consumer banking to a large and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, 
governments and individuals.    
GSLLC is a registered US broker dealer and futures commission merchant and is subject to regulatory capital 
requirements, including those imposed by the SEC, the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the 
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. and the National Futures 
Association. 
The ETP Securities are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of GSLLC. 
The Portfolio Administrator has the discretion as to whether GSLLC shall be appointed as Margin Loan 
Provider with respect to a Series of ETP Securities.  
Further information on GSLLC can be found at: https://www.goldmansachs.com/.

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
THE DETERMINATION AGENT 
The information set out in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Determination Agent" has been 
obtained from Calculation Agent Services LLC. Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far 
as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by Calculation Agent Services LLC, 
no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Delivery 
of this Base Prospectus shall not create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of 
Calculation Agent Services LLC since the date hereof, or that the information contained or referred to in this 
section is correct as of any time subsequent to its date. 
In addition to the Issuer, Calculation Agent Services LLC accepts responsibility for the information contained 
in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Determination Agent". No other Programme Party 
verified, or accepts any liability whatsoever for the accuracy of such information and investors contemplating 
purchasing any of the ETP Securities should make their own independent investigations and enquiries into 
Calculation Agent Services LLC, as applicable. 
Calculation Agent Services LLC is a limited liability company incorporated in the State Delaware, USA on 8 
October 2018, with its principal place of business at 34 E Putnam Avenue, Suite 112, Greenwich, CT 06830.  
The ETP Securities are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of Calculation Agent Services LLC. 
Jose Gonzalez is a director of the Arranger. He is the sole shareholder of GWM Limited and the Determination 
Agent. Mr Gonzalez is also the sole shareholder Leverage Shares LLC, the parent company of the Arranger.  
.

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
THE INITIAL AUTHORISED PARTICIPANT 
 
The information set out in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Initial Authorised Participant" has 
been obtained from BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as 
far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C., 
no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Delivery 
of this Base Prospectus shall not create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of BNP 
Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. since the date hereof, or that the information contained or referred to in this section 
is correct as of any time subsequent to its date. 
 
In addition to the Issuer, BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. accepts responsibility for the information contained 
in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Initial Authorised Participant". No other Programme Party 
verified, or accepts any liability whatsoever for the accuracy of, such information and investors contemplating 
purchasing any of the ETP Securities should make their own independent investigations and 
enquiries into BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. 
 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. is a wholly owned subsidiary of BNP Paribas S.A. It is involved in dealing on 
financial instruments including derivatives and on stock borrowing and lending, receiving and transmitting 
orders for third parties, placement, underwriting and investment counsel (decision of the Comité des 
Etablissements de Crédit et des Entreprises d'Investissement – CECEI dated 9 April 2002). BNP Paribas 
Arbitrage S.N.C. is regulated by the French Prudential Supervision and Resolution Authority (ACPR) in 
France under the Monetary and Financial Code (Code Monétaire et Financier). It trades on the main 
international financial markets and is especially a major dealer in equities on the U.S., French, British, Swiss, 
German, Dutch, Belgian, Italian and Spanish stock exchanges. 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C is organised as a French partnership ‘Société en Nom Collectif’ (‘S.N.C’) with 
capital of EUR 323,753,355 composed of 45,135 shares of EUR 7,173 each, whose registered office is 
located at 160/162 Boulevard Macdonald, 75019 Paris (France), registered with the Registry of Commerce 
and Companies of Paris under the number B 394 895 833.  
The capital of BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. is held by three partners (associés): 
TAITBOUT PARTICIPATION 3, ‘Société en Nom Collectif’, whose registered office is located at 1 Boulevard 
Haussmann - 75009 Paris (France), registered with the Registry of Commerce and Companies of Paris under 
the number B 433 912 250, holds 45,133 shares ofBNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. (99.98% of the BNP Paribas 
Arbitrage S.N.C capital); 
BNP PARIBAS, Société Anonyme, whose registered office is located at 16 Boulevard des Italiens 75009 
Paris (France), registered with the Registry of Commerce and Companies of Paris under the number B 662 
042 449, holds 1 share of BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. (0.01% of the BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. capital); 
Société ANTIN PARTICIPATION 5, ‘Société par Actions Simplifiée’, whose registered office is located at 1 
Boulevard Haussmann - 75009 Paris (France), registered with the Registry of Commerce and Companies of 
Paris under the number 433 891 678, holds 1 share of BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. (0.01% of the BNP 
Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C.capital). 
The managers (‘Gérants’) of BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. are BNP Paribas, whose permanent 
representative (‘Représentant Permanent du Gérant’) is Mr. Jacques Vigner and Taitbout Participation 3 
S.N.C whose permanent representative (‘Représentant Permanent du Gérant’) is Mr Nicolas Marque .  
Sociétés en Nom Collectif are governed by articles L221-1 to L221-17 of the Code of Commerce, related to 
commercial companies. Article L221-1 expressly states that the partners of a S.N.C. are indefinitely, jointly 
and severally liable for the debts of the S.N.C. This joint and several obligation exists for each partner of the 
S.N.C., whatever the amount of the S.N.C.'s capital such partner holds, so that each creditor of a S.N.C. may 
require from any of the partners of such S.N.C. the payment of the aggregate amount of its debt against the 
S.N.C. This obligation is attached by law to the qualification of a person as a partner of a S.N.C. Thus, in the 
event BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. is in default in the performance of any of its obligations toward a third 
party, its partners will be engaged towards such third party as if its partners had directly underwritten such 
an obligation. 
The information contained in this section related to and has been obtained from BNP Paribas. The 
information concerning BNP Paribas and the Group contained herein is furnished solely to provide 
limited introductory information regarding the BNP Paribas and the Group and does not purport to be

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
comprehensive. 
 
The delivery of the information contained in this section shall not create any implication that there has 
been no change in the affairs of the BNP Paribas or the Group since the date hereof, or that the 
information contained or referred to in this section is correct as of any time subsequent to its date. 
 
BNP Paribas is a European leading provider of banking and financial services and has four domestic retail 
banking markets in Europe, namely in Belgium, France, Italy and Luxembourg. It is present in 74 countries 
and has more than 198,000 employees, including close to 150,000  in Europe. BNP Paribas holds key 
positions in its two main businesses: 
• 
Retail Banking and Services, which includes: 
• 
Domestic Markets, comprising: 
o 
French Retail Banking (FRB); 
o 
BNL banca commerciale (BNL bc), Italian retail banking; 
o 
Belgian Retail Banking (BRB); 
 
o 
Other Domestic Markets activities, including Luxembourg Retail Banking (LRB); 
• 
International Retail Banking, comprising: 
o 
Europe-Mediterranean; 
o 
BancWest; 
o 
Personal Finance; 
o 
Insurance; 
o 
Wealth and Asset Management; 
• 
Corporate and Institutional Banking (CIB) which includes: 
• 
Corporate Banking; 
• 
Global Markets; 
• 
Securities Services. 
BNP Paribas SA is the parent company of the BNP Paribas Group (the ‘Group’). 
At 31 December 2020, the Group had consolidated assets of €2,488,491  billion (compared to €2,164.7  billion 
at 31 December 2019), consolidated loans and receivables due from customers of €809.5 billion (compared 
to €805.7  billion at 31 December 2019), consolidated items due to customers of €941 billion (compared to 
€834.7  billion at 31 December 2019) and shareholders’ equity (Group share) of €112.8 billion (compared to 
€107.5 billion at 31 December 2019). Net income, Group share, for the year ended 31 December 2020 was 
€7.1 billion (compared to €8.2 billion for the year ended 31 December 2019). 
BNP Paribas has debt securities listed on a number of major exchanges including the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. The registered office of BNP Paribas is located at 16, Boulevard des Italiens – 75009 Paris, 
France.

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
THE SECOND AUTHORISED PARTICIPANT 
 
The information set out in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Second Authorised Participant" 
has been obtained from GWM Limited. Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the 
Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by GWM Limited, no facts have been omitted 
that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Delivery of this Base Prospectus shall 
not create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of GWM Limited since the date hereof, 
or that the information contained or referred to in this section is correct as of any time subsequent to its date. 
In addition to the Issuer, GWM Limited accepts responsibility for the information contained in this section of 
this Base Prospectus headed "The Second Authorised Participant". No other Programme Party verified, or 
accepts any liability whatsoever for the accuracy of, such information and investors contemplating purchasing 
any of the ETP Securities should make their own independent investigations and enquiries into GWM Limited.  
GWM Limited was incorporated under the laws of Bermuda on December 9, 2014 and its principal activity is 
to act as a broker/dealer in securities.  
GWM Limited obtained an Investment Business License pursuant to Section 17 of the Investment Act 2003 
from the Bermuda Monetary Authority on May 6, 2015. GWM Limited commenced operations on May 6, 2015. 
The registered office of GWM Limited is located at Cedar House, 41 Cedar Avenue, Hamilton, Bermuda. 
GWM Limited may also act as Portfolio Administrator and Broker Dealer of Record with respect to a Series 
of ETP Securities. 
Jose Gonzalez, a director of the Arranger, is the sole shareholder of GWM Limited and the Determination 
Agent. Mr. Gonzalez is also the sole shareholder of Leverage Shares LLC, the parent company of the 
Arranger.

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
THE THIRD AUTHORISED PARTICIPANT 
 
The information set out in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Third Authorised Participant" has 
been obtained from Virtu Financial Ireland Limited. Such information has been accurately reproduced and, 
as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by Virtu Financial Ireland 
Limited, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Delivery of this Base Prospectus shall not create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs 
of Virtu Financial Ireland Limited since the date hereof, or that the information contained or referred to in this 
section is correct as of any time subsequent to its date. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this section of this Base Prospectus headed 
"The Third Authorised Participant". No other Programme Party verified, or accepts any liability whatsoever 
for the accuracy of, such information and investors contemplating purchasing any of the ETP Securities 
should make their own independent investigations and enquiries into Virtu Financial Irelanf Limited.  
Virtu Financial Ireland Limited (“Virtu”) is a limited liability company incorporated in Ireland with a registered 
office address at North Dock One, 5th Floor, 91-92 North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland. 
Virtu is regulated as an investment firm by the Central Bank of Ireland.

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
 
THE BROKER DEALER OF RECORD 
 
The information set out in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Broker Dealer of Record" has 
been obtained from GWM Limited. Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer 
is aware and able to ascertain from information published by GWM Limited, no facts have been omitted that 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Delivery of this Base Prospectus shall not 
create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of GWM Limited since the date hereof, or 
that the information contained or referred to in this section is correct as of any time subsequent to its date. 
In addition to the Issuer, GWM Limited accepts responsibility for the information contained in this section of 
this Base Prospectus headed "The Broker Dealer of Record". No other Programme Party verified, or accepts 
any liability whatsoever for the accuracy of, such information and investors contemplating purchasing any of 
the ETP Securities should make their own independent investigations and enquiries into GWM Limited.  
GWM Limited was incorporated under the laws of Bermuda on December 9, 2014 and its principal activity is 
to act as a broker/dealer in securities.  
GWM Limited obtained an Investment Business License pursuant to Section 17 of the Investment Act 2003 
from the Bermuda Monetary Authority on May 6, 2015. GWM Limited commenced operations on May 6, 2015. 
The registered office of GWM Limited is located at Cedar House, 41 Cedar Avenue, Hamilton, Bermuda. 
GWM Limited may also act as Portfolio Administrator and Second Authorised Participant with respect to a 
Series of ETP Securities. 
Jose Gonzalez, a director of the Arranger, is the sole shareholder of GWM Limited and the Determination 
Agent. Mr. Gonzalez is also the sole shareholder of Leverage Shares LLC, the parent company of the 
Arranger.

--- Page 264 ---
264 
  
TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
The discussion below is based on laws, regulations, rulings and decisions (and interpretations thereof) 
currently in effect with respect to Irish withholding tax, all of which are subject to change. Any such change 
may have retroactive effect. The discussion is intended for general information only, and does not purport to 
be a comprehensive description of all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase 
the ETP Securities.  
Prospective investors should be aware that the acquisition, holding, transfer or disposal of the ETP 
Securities, and/or receipt of payments under ETP Securities may result in tax consequences to any 
investor, which may arise in, but are not limited to, the jurisdiction of the Issuer or the jurisdiction of 
residence, domicile, citizenship or incorporation of the relevant investor. Prospective investors 
should consult their own professional advisers concerning such possible tax consequences.  
Ireland 
The following summary outlines certain aspects of Irish withholding tax law and practice regarding the 
ownership of ETP Securities. This summary deals only with ETP Securities held beneficially as capital assets 
and does not address special classes of holders of ETP Securities such as dealers in securities. This 
summary is not exhaustive and holders of ETP Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisers in 
respect of the taxation consequences of their ownership or disposition. The summary is based on current 
Irish taxation legislation and practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners. 
Withholding Tax 
In general, tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest. However, an exemption from withholding on interest payments exists under 
Section 64 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 (as amended) (the "1997 Act") for certain securities ("quoted 
Eurobonds") issued by a body corporate (such as the Issuer) that carry a right to interest and are quoted on 
a recognised stock exchange (which would include the London Stock Exchange). 
Any interest paid on such quoted Eurobonds can be paid free of withholding tax provided the person by or 
through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland or the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland, 
and either: 
(a) 
the quoted Eurobond is held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue Commissioners 
(Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A. are so recognised); or  
(b) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the quoted Eurobond and who is beneficially entitled to the 
interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to the person by or through whom the 
payment is made in the prescribed form.  
So long as the ETP Securities are quoted on a recognised stock exchange and are held in Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A., interest on the ETP Securities can be paid by the Issuer and any paying agent 
acting on behalf of the Issuer without any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax. 
If the quoted Eurobond exemption referred to above ceases to apply, the Issuer can still pay interest on the 
ETP Securities free of withholding tax provided it is a "qualifying company" (within the meaning of Section 
110 of the 1997 Act) (a “qualifying company”) and provided the interest is paid to a person resident in a 
"relevant territory" (i.e. a member state of the European Union (other than Ireland) or a country with which 
Ireland has a double taxation agreement which has the force of law, or a country with which Ireland has 
signed a double taxation agreement which will on the completion of certain procedures have the force of law). 
For this purpose, residence is determined by reference to the law of the country in which the recipient claims 
to be resident. This exemption from withholding tax will not apply, however, if the interest is paid to a company 
in connection with a trade or business carried on by it through a branch or agency located in Ireland. 
In certain circumstances, Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the standard rate from interest on any 
quoted Eurobond, where such interest is collected by a bank or other Agent in Ireland on behalf of any holder 
of ETP Securities who is an Irish resident. 
United States Internal Revenue Code Section 871(m)   
A 30% withholding tax (which may be reduced by an applicable income tax treaty) is imposed under Section 
871(m) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 on certain “dividend equivalents” paid or deemed

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
paid to a non-U.S. holder with respect to a “specified equity-linked instrument” that references one or more 
dividend-paying U.S. equity securities or indices containing U.S. equity securities.  
The Issuer intends to treat the ETP Securities as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Under this 
treatment, although the matter is not free from doubt, the Issuer believes that the ETP Securities should not 
be treated as specified equity-linked instruments for the purposes of Section 871(m) and thus should not be 
subject to withholding on dividend equivalents. However, the Issuer’s determination is not binding on the 
United States Internal Revenue Service. If withholding is required, the Issuer will not make payments of any 
additional amounts to compensate holders for the withholding.

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Only Authorised Participants may subscribe for ETP Securities from the issuer, acting as principals in respect 
of such subscriptions.  
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Authorised Participants 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final 
Terms issued in respect of the issue of ETP Securities to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
None of the Issuer or any Authorised Participant represents that the ETP Securities may at any time lawfully 
be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant 
to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Each Authorised Participant agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that it will, to the best 
of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers ETP Securities or has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, 
any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Authorised Participant 
shall have responsibility therefor. 
United States  
The ETP Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as amended, or the 
securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, or with any securities regulatory authority 
of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and the Issuer has not and will not be registered under 
the Investment Company Act. ETP Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. person at 
any time nor offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
ETP Securities in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a 
United States person. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, and 
each further Authorised Participant appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered or sold and will not offer and sell ETP Securities at any time, directly or indirectly, within 
the United States or its possessions or for the account or benefit of (i) a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"), (ii) a "U.S. person" as defined in the Interpretive Guidance and 
Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the CFTC pursuant 
to the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended, (iii) a person other than a "Non-United 
States person" as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7, or (iv) a "United States person" as defined in the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, in each case, as such 
definition may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. Each Authorised Participant has 
further represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the 
ETP Securities except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, and that none 
of it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed 
selling efforts with respect to such ETP Securities, and it and they have complied and will comply with the 
offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the 
offering, an offer or sale of ETP Securities within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating 
in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Offering materials for the offering of the ETP Securities have not been filed with or approved or disapproved 
by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other state or federal regulatory authority, 
nor has any such regulatory authority passed upon or endorsed the merits of this offering or passed upon the 
accuracy or completeness of any offering materials. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful.

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
European Economic Area 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant Member State”), each 
Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, and each 
further Authorised Participant appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
with effect from and including the date on which the Prospectus Regulation came into force (the “Relevant 
Date”) it has not made and will not make an offer of ETP Securities which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms to the public in that 
Relevant Member State, except that it may, with effect from and including the Relevant Date, make an offer 
of such ETP Securities to the public in that Relevant Member State: 
(i) 
if the applicable Final Terms in relation to the ETP Securities specify that an offer of those ETP 
Securities may be made by the Authorised Participant(s) other than pursuant to Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member State (an “EU Non-exempt Offer”), following the 
date of publication of the Base Prospectus in relation to such ETP Securities which has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State or, where appropriate, approved 
in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member 
State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms 
contemplating such EU Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the 
period (if any) beginning and ending on the dates (if any) specified in such prospectus or final terms, 
as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that EU Non-
exempt Offer; 
(ii) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Authorised 
Participant or Authorised Participants nominated by the issuer for any such offer; or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of ETP Securities referred to in paragraphs (ii) to (iv) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Authorised Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation 
or supplement a base prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of the provision above, the expression an “offer of ETP Securities to the public” in relation 
to any ETP Securities in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the ETP Securities to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the ETP Securities. 
Ireland 
Each Authorised Participant shall be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed that it has not 
offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the ETP Securities, or do 
anything in Ireland in respect of the ETP Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of: 
(1) 
the Prospectus Regulation and any Central Bank of Ireland (“Central Bank”) rules issued and / or in 
force pursuant to section 1363 of the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended) (the “Companies 
Act”); 
(2) 
the Companies Act;  
(3) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) and it will 
conduct itself in accordance with any rules or codes of conduct and any conditions or requirements, 
or any other enactment, imposed or approved by the Central Bank;   
(4) 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on 
market abuse, the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 and any Central Bank rules 
issued and / or in force pursuant to section 1370 of the Companies Act;

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
(5) 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 
on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products 
(PRIIPs); and  
(6) 
the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 and any codes of conduct rules made under section 117(1) of 
the Central Bank Act 1989. 
Italy 
Unless it is specified within the relevant Final Terms that an EU Non-exempt Offer of ETP Securities may be 
made in Italy, the offering of the ETP Securities has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities 
legislation and, accordingly, no ETP Securities may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base 
Prospectus or of any other document relating to the ETP Securities be distributed in the Republic of Italy, 
except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 100 of Legislative Decree 
No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”) as implemented by Article 
35, paragraph 1(d) of CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended (“CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307”) pursuant to Article 34-ter, first paragraph, letter b) of CONSOB Regulation 
No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time (“Regulation No. 11971”); or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 100 
of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the ETP Securities or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the ETP Securities in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Regulation No. 20307, the Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the “Banking Act”) and any other applicable 
laws and regulations;  
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended and the implementing guidelines of 
the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, with regard, inter alia, to the reporting obligations 
required; and  
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB 
or the Bank of Italy or other Italian authority.  
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the ETP Securities in the Republic of Italy, 
Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act may require compliance with the law relating to public offers of 
securities. Furthermore, where the ETP Securities are placed solely with “qualified investors” and are then 
systematically (“sistematicamente”) resold on the secondary market at any time in the 12 months following 
such placing, purchasers of ETP Securities who are acting outside of the course of their business or 
profession may in certain circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase void and, in addition, to claim 
damages from any authorised person at whose premises the ETP Securities were purchased, unless an 
exemption provided for under the Financial Services Act applies. 
France  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the ETP Securities has been 
submitted to the clearance procedures of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”). 
Unless it is specified in the relevant Final Terms that an EU Non-exempt Offer of ETP Securities will be made 
in France, the following will apply: each Authorised Participant has represented and agreed that the ETP 
Securities have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in 
France. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the ETP Securities has been or will 
be:

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
(a) 
released, issued, distributed or caused to be released, issued or distributed to the public in France; 
or 
(b) 
used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the ETP Securities to the public in France. 
Such offers, sales and distributions will be made in France only: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) and/or to a restricted circle of investors (cercle restreint 
d'investisseurs), in each case, acting for their own account, all as defined in, and in accordance with, 
articles L.411-1, L.411-2, D.411-1 to D.411-4, D.734-1, D.744-1, D.754-1 and D.764-1 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier (“CMF”); or 
(ii) 
to investment services providers authorised to engage in portfolio management for the account of 
third parties (personnes fournissant le service d’investissement de gestion de portefeuille pour 
compte de tiers); or 
(iii) 
in a transaction that, in accordance with article L.411-2 of the CMF and article 211-2 of the Règlement 
Général of the AMF, does not constitute a public offer.  
The ETP Securities may be resold directly or indirectly to the public in France, only in compliance with the 
above-mentioned articles. 
Germany  
For selling restrictions in respect of the Germany, please see "European Economic Area" above. 
Spain 
For selling restrictions in respect of the Spain, please see "European Economic Area" above and in addition: 
Neither the ETP Securities nor the Base Prospectus have been approved or registered in accordance with 
the Spanish securities market regulations. Accordingly, no ETP Securities may be offered, sold or delivered, 
nor copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document or communication in relation to the ETP Securities 
may be distributed in Spain, except in compliance with the requirements set out in the Spanish Securities 
Market Law (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de 
la Ley del Mercado de Valores), as amended (“Legislative Royal Decree 4/2015”), and any regulation issued 
thereunder.  
Any offer of the ETP Securities or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document or 
communication relating to the ETP Securities in Spain shall be made under circumstances which are 
exempted from the rules on public offerings. Except when the offer is addressed to qualified investors, any 
offer or placement of the Securities must be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary 
permitted to conduct such activities in accordance with Legislative Royal Decree 4/2015. 
The Netherlands 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, and 
each further Authorised Participant appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it will not make an offer of ETP Securities to the public in The Netherlands in reliance on Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation unless (i) such offer is made exclusively to persons or entities which are qualified 
investors as defined in the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) (as amended) 
(the “FSA”) or (ii) standard exemption wording is disclosed as required by Article 5:20(5) of the FSA, provided 
that no such offer of ETP Securities shall require the Issuer or any Authorised Participant to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
Zero Coupon Securities (as defined below) in definitive form may only be transferred and accepted, directly 
or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation of either the relevant Issuer or a 
member firm of Euronext Amsterdam N.V., admitted in a function on one or more markets or systems held or 
operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V., in accordance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake 
spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended). 
 
No such mediation is required: (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an interest

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
in a Global Security; (b) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Securities in definitive form 
between individuals who do not act in the conduct of a business or profession; (c) to the initial issue of Zero 
Coupon Securities in definitive form to the first holders thereof; or (d) in respect of the transfer and acceptance 
of such Zero Coupon Securities within, from or into the Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Securities (either in 
definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Security in global form) of any particular 
Series/Tranche are issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed into the Netherlands in the course 
of initial distribution or immediately thereafter. 
 
In the event that the Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in relation to the 
issue and transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon Securities have to be complied with. 
 
As used herein "Zero Coupon Securities" are ETP Securities that are in bearer form and that constitute a 
claim for a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on 
which no interest is due whatsoever. 
 
Poland 
 
For selling restrictions applicable in Poland, please see “European Economic Area” above and the information 
provided below. 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering materials relating to ETP Securities have been approved 
or registered with the Polish Financial Supervision Commission (Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego; herein, 
“KNF”), Poland’s supervisory authority in the area of capital markets. Consequently, until this Base 
Prospectus is (i) approved by the KNF; or (ii) approved by a competent market regulator in another Relevant 
Member State and subsequently notified to the KNF; and (iii) completed with the applicable Final Terms 
referring to the EU Non-exempt Offer to be carried out in Poland, no public offer of ETP Securities may be 
made in Poland.  
 
Pursuant to Article 1(4)(b) of the Prospectus Regulation, ETP Securities may be offered in Poland without 
meeting the registration/disclosure requirements applicable to public offers, provided they are offered locally 
only to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons other than qualified investors, as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Simultaneously, each Authorised Participant receiving the ETP Securities within such exemption 
should undertake not to offer or sell them, directly or indirectly, to local investors in circumstances 
representing a public offer. 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing exemption, Art. 3(1)(a) of the Polish July 29, 2005 Act on Public Offer, 
Requirements Applicable to Introduction of Financial Instruments to Organized Trading and on Public 
Companies (“Polish Public Offer Act”), introduces a “claw-back” clause, requiring that even if the number 
of local offerees of ETP Securities, other than qualified investors, does not exceed 149 persons/entities in 
the given transaction but exceeds that numeric threshold after adding any other persons/entities which have 
taken the same securities with the period of 12 months preceding the transaction in question, based on the 
same limited-number-of-offerees exemption, an information memorandum meeting the requirements set forth 
in Art. 38b of the Polish Public Offer Act and implementing regulations issued thereunder, must be approved 
by the KNF and made public. 
 
Pursuant to Art. 53(1) of the Polish Public Offer Act, any marketing materials relating to an offer of securities 
effected under the exemption set out in Article 1(4)(b) of the Prospectus Regulation, may be distributed only 
to fewer than 150 persons within the territory of the given Member State and cannot be made available to the 
general public. 
 
Belgium 
  
For selling restrictions in respect of Belgium, please see "European Economic Area" above and the 
paragraphs below. 
  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any related documents have been or will be submitted for approval to the 
Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (the "FSMA"). Accordingly, no ETP Securities may be 
offered, sold or delivered,  nor copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document or communication in 
relation to the ETP Securities may be distributed in Belgium, except in compliance with the requirements set 
out in the Belgian Act of 11 July 2018 on the offering of investment instruments to the public and the admission 
of investment instruments to the trading on a regulated market (the "Prospectus Act"), and any regulation 
issued thereunder.

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
  
The information contained in this Base Prospectus and any related documents may not be disclosed to the 
public in Belgium and no action has been taken or will be taken in Belgium to permit a public offer of the ETP 
Securities within the meaning of Article 4, 2° of the Prospectus Act.

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
The following documents which have been previously published or are published simultaneosly with this 
Base Prospectus have been filed with the Central Bank and shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this 
Base Prospectus: 
 
1. 
the audited finanial statements of the Issuer for the  year ended 30 June 2022, published on the 
Issuer’s website at the link below: 
 
https://leverageshares.com/documents/statements/LS-Audited-FS-for-financial-year-ended-30-June-
2022.pdf?x83340 
2. 
the audited finanial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 30 June 2023, published on the 
Issuer’s website at the link below: 
 
https://leverageshares.com/documents/statements/Leverage-Shares-Plc-annual-accounts-30.06.2023-
FINAL-SIGNED.pdf 
 
 
3. 
Terms and conditions of the ETP Securities from the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 
5 February 2020, available on the Issuer’s website at the link below: 
https://leverageshares.com/documents/prospectus/Leverage-Shares-Base-Prospectus-5-February-
2020.pdf. 
4. 
Terms and conditions of the ETP Securities from the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme 
dated 6 November 2020, available on the Issuer’s website at the link below: 
https://leverageshares.com/documents/prospectus/Leverage-Shares-Base-Prospectus-6-November-
2020.pdf 
5. 
Terms and conditions of the ETP Securities from the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme 
dated 18 December 2020, available on the Issuer’s website at the link below: 
https://leverageshares.com/documents/prospectus/Leverage-Shares-Base-Prospectus-18-December-
2020.pdf 
6. 
Terms and conditions of the ETP Securities from the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme 
dated 7 December 2021, available on the Issuer’s website at the link below: 
https://leverageshares.com/documents/prospectus/Leverage-Shares-Base-Prospectus-7-December-
2021.pdf 
7. 
Terms and conditions of the ETP Securities from the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme 
dated 16 May 2022, available on the Issuer’s website at the link below: 
https://leverageshares.com/documents/prospectus/Leverage-Shares-Base-Prospectus-16-May-
2022.pdf?x59837 
8. 
Terms and conditions of the ETP Securities from the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme 
dated 4 May 2023, available on the Issuer’s website at the link below: 
https://leverageshares.com/documents/prospectus/Leverage-Shares-Base-Prospectus-(CBI)-4-May-
2023-Final.pdf 
No documents referred to in the above documents are themselves incorporated into this Base Prospectus 
and other than the documents specifically identified above, no other documents, including the contents of the 
Issuer’s Website or any other websites or web pages referred to in this Base Prospectus, form part of this 
Base Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
The above-mentioned documents may be inspected as described in the section entitled “General

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
Information”. Any documents or information incorporated by reference into the documents listed above shall 
not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either 
deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Where 
reference is made to a website in this Base Prospectus, the contents of that website shall not form part of 
this Base Prospectus

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the 
establishment of the Programme. The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a 
resolution of the Board of Directors passed on 4 December 2017 and this updated Base Prospectus 
was approved by a resolution of the Board of Directors passed on 1 February 2024. 
2. 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 
30 June 2023, the date of its last published audited financial statements. 
3. 
The Issuer is not nor has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) since 
its incorporation which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on its financial 
position or profitability. 
4. 
ETP Securities may be accepted for clearance through any Relevant Clearing System including 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems (which are the entities in charge of keeping the 
records). The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where 
applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of ETP 
Securities will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any alternative clearing system will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
5. 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has 
been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified 
where used. 
6. 
It is expected that each Series of ETP Securities that is to be listed and admitted to trading on a stock 
exchange will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of ETP Securities 
initially representing the ETP Securities of such Series. The approval by the Central Bank of this Base 
Prospectus in respect of the ETP Securities was granted on 15 March 2024. 
7. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant ETP Securities will be determined, before filing of the 
relevant Final Terms of each Series, based on then prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does 
not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any of the Indices, Investment 
Strategies or issues of ETP Securities. 
8. 
For so long as ETP Securities remain outstanding, the following documents will be available on the 
Issuer’s website https://leverageshares.com/en/documents-download/ and during usual business 
hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the 
registered office of the Issuer and at the registered office of the Trustee in printed form: 
1. 
the Issuer’s memorandum of association;  
2. 
the Issuer’s audited financial statements for the years ending 30 June 2021 and 30 June 
2022; 
3. 
the Master Trust Deed in respect of the Programme; 
4. 
the LS Operating Procedures Agreement; 
5. 
the Services Agreement; 
6. 
the Elavon Agency Agreement;  
7. 
the Portfolio Administration Agreement; 
8. 
 the Determination Agency Agreement;

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
9. 
 the Authorised Participant Agreement;  
10. 
 the Master Definitions Schedule;  
11. 
 the LS Margin Account Agreement;  
12. 
 the Margin Account Security Agreement; 
13. 
 the Broker Dealer of Record Agreement; 
14. 
 the Supplemental Trust Deed in respect of each Series of ETP Securities; 
15. 
 the Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of ETP Securities; and 
16. 
 the Terms and Conditions Versions 1-6.  
9. 
BDO audits the accounts of the Issuer. BDO has no material interest in the Issuer. BDO is a member 
of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Ireland 
10. 
The Arranger has agreed to take responsibility for the expenses relating to the admission to trading 
of each Series and therefore the cost of such expenses to the Issuer is nil. 
11. 
Any website mentioned in this Base Prospectus does not form part of the prospectus prepared for 
the purpose of seeking approval by the Central Bank.

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
KEY INFORMATION FOR INVESTORS 
 
 
What is an ETP and how is it different to an ETF? 
 
The term “Exchange Traded Product” (ETP) is a broad term that encompasses Exchange Traded 
Commodities (ETCs) and Exchange Traded Notes (ETNs). ETPs seek to provide returns based on the price 
movements of an underlying asset or benchmark, such as an index, commodity, or individual stock. However, 
ETFs, ETCs, and ETNs represent different structures for achieving this exposure and can pose different risks. 
ETPs can give investors a means of diversifying investment portfolios without the need to: 
• 
enter into swap agreements or forward contracts; 
• 
take physical delivery of the underlying commodity; or 
• 
hold securities that constitute the underlying index. 
 
The Leverage Shares ETPs are ETNs and are structured as debt securities, but unlike conventional bonds, 
these instruments pay no interest and are commonly not rated. 
 
Importantly, ETPs are different than ETFs in a number of ways. ETPs (including ETCs and ETNs) are not 
funds, and therefore lie outside the remit of the regulation that applies to investments funds such as UCITS 
(the Undertakings for Collective Investments in Transferable Securities) or AIFs (alternative investment 
funds). 
What are Leverage Shares Exchange Traded Products (ETPs)? 
 
Leverage Shares ETPs which track an index seek to deliver three times (3x), two times (2x), one time (1x) or 
minus one time (-1x) the daily performance of a household name stock or a bond.  
Leverage Shares ETPs which seek to deliver three times (3x) or two times (2x) the daily performance of the 
underlying stocks are referred to in this document as offering “leveraged exposures” and they typically 
increase in value as the price of the underlying stock increases and decrease as the price of the stock 
decreases. As they are leveraged, increases and decreases in the value of the underlying stock are magnified 
so that a small decrease in the price of the stock can result in a large decrease in the value of the Leverage 
Shares ETP. The higher the level of leverage, the more the effects of increases and decreases in the value 
of the underlying stocks are magnified.  
Leverage Shares ETPs which seek to deliver one time (1x) the daily performance of the underlying stocks 
are referred to in this document as offering “normal exposures”. Like Leverage Shares ETPs offering 
leveraged exposures they typically increase in value as the price of the underlying stock increases and 
decrease in value as the price of the underlying stock decreases. However, unlike Leverage Shares ETPs 
offering leveraged exposures, increases and decreases in the price of the underlying stocks are not 
magnified.   
Leverage Shares ETPs which seek to deliver minus one time (-1x) the daily performance of the underlying 
stock are referred to in this document as offering “short exposures” and they typically increase in value as 
the price in the underlying stock decreases and they decrease in value as the price of the underlying stock 
increases.   
In the case of Leverage Shares ETPs which pursue an actively managed investment strategy, the investment 
strategy will describe the manner in which the assets will be invested, along with any applicable leveraged or 
short exposures. Leveraged ETPs which pursue an actively managed investment strategy will deliver the 
performance of the portfolio of assets acquired in accordance with the investment strategy. 
Leverage Shares ETPs: 
• 
can be efficient tools for gaining magnified exposure to the assets underlying the ETP; 
• 
achieve leverage through margin borrowing;

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 
• 
have physical ownership of the underlying assets to achieve exposure (this is applicable where the 
underlying assets are stocks and bonds) and therefore do not have the credit risk which applies to some 
other ETPs which use swaps to achieve leverage;  
• 
trade in real time on a regulated stock exchange, for example the London Stock Exchange; and 
• 
prevent investors from losing more than their initial investment. 
 
How do Leverage Shares ETPs achieve their leverage? 
Each ETP is structured as a separate series of the Issuer for which a pool of assets is maintained by the 
Issuer which is separate from all other assets of the Issuer. Each ETP is a debt security that delivers the 
returns of the assets held by the Issuer for that series.  
For Leverage Shares ETPs which offer leveraged exposures, the leverage is achieved by borrowing from the 
Margin Loan Provider and/or entering into futures contracts. For example, in the case of a series of ETPs 
offering a leveraged exposure which tracks an index linked to a single stock, the Issuer invests the assets of 
the series, together with assets borrowed on margin in a single stock, such as the common stock of Apple 
Inc., to achieve leveraged exposure to that stock.  Margin is provided by Interactive Brokers LLC and/or 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. 
For Leverage Shares ETPs which offer short exposures, the Issuer will take a short position by borrowing the 
underlying investment for a series of Leverage Shares ETPs from the Margin Loan Provider and/or by taking 
a short position in futures contracts. For example, in the case of a series of ETPs which track an index linked 
to a single stock, the Issuer will take short positions by borrowing the stock, for example common stock of 
Apple Inc. from the Margin Loan Provider and selling the common stock of Apple Inc. at the current market 
price.  The proceeds of the sale will be deposited in the Issuer’s margin account with the Margin Loan 
Provider. 
Who can subscribe for or redeem Leverage Shares ETPs 
Unless the Issuer decides otherwise, only entities who have been appointed as an Authorised Participant 
may subscribe for or redeem Leverage Shares ETPs.  
How can an investor trade Leverage Shares ETPs? 
 
Leverage Shares ETPs can be traded through brokerage accounts that have the ability to trade products 
listed on the stock exchanges where the ETPs are listed.  
Do Leverage Shares ETPs pay dividends? 
 
No. Where the assets underlying the ETPs are stocks, the Issuer receives dividends on such stocks. Such 
dividends are reinvested in more shares of the underlying stock. 
What's the difference between leveraged ETPs that use margin to achieve their leveraged exposures and 
those that use swaps? 
 
Leveraged ETPs (such as the Leverage Shares ETPs offering leveraged exposures where the underlying 
asset is a stock or a bond) that use margin borrowing to achieve leveraged exposures invest their own assets 
plus assets borrowed through a margin account directly in assets underlying the ETPs. This method incurs 
borrowing costs related to margin borrowing, but avoids credit risks since it physically owns the underlying 
shares or bonds. Swap-based leveraged ETPs do not invest directly in the underlying stocks or bonds and 
instead enter into over-the-counter (OTC) swap agreements with a counterparty. These swaps have 
associated costs (mainly in the form of fees charged by the swap counterparty) and are susceptible to the 
credit risk of the swap counterparty.  
 
Do Leverage Shares ETPs have credit risk? 
 
Leverage Shares ETPs which invest in stocks and bonds do not invest in over-the counter (OTC) derivatives 
like swaps or forwards. Since Leverage Shares plc physically own the underlying assets, the credit risk 
associated with over the counter derivatives are not applicable to the Leverage Shares ETPs.

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 
 
 
Is it possible to lose more than the amount invested in a Leverage Shares ETP? 
 
No. The most an investor can lose in a Leverage Shares ETP is the entire value of their initial investment. 
 
Where can an investor find details on the assets underlying each series of Leverage Shares ETPs? 
This information is detailed on the Leverage Shares website www.leverageshares.com. 
 
Who are the Programme Parties and what roles do they perform? 
 
Issuer 
 
The Issuer is the entity that issues the Leverage Shares ETPs and which is responsible for making any 
payments that become due to holders of the Leverage Shares ETPs. The Issuer is the only entity which is 
responsible for making any payments that become due under the Leverage Shares ETPs and no other entity 
is required to make these payments if the Issuer is unable to do so. 
The Issuer is Leverage Shares PLC, a public limited company domiciled in Ireland and incorporated under 
the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland with registered number 597399. The Issuer operates under the laws of 
Ireland. The Issuer’s LEI number is 635400TLFJSNHVSOFH59. The Directors of the Issuer are Neil Fleming 
and Ciaran Connolly and the auditors of the Issuer are BDO. Leverage Shares has been established for the 
sole purpose of acting as the Issuer under this programme and does not carry on any other business.  
Trustee 
 
Apex Corporate Trustees (UK) Limited is the Trustee. This is the entity that acts on behalf of investors when 
certain actions are required to be taken, such as declaring an event of default, agreeing certain amendments 
to the terms and conditions of the Leverage Shares ETPs or enforcing the security granted to the Trustee for 
the benefit of the investors  (being the security which is granted over the assets of each series of Leverage 
Shares ETPs and the Issuer’s rights under the agreements it enters into in connection with the relevant series 
of Leverage Shares ETPs). The Trustee will generally act upon the instructions of investors (subject to certain 
conditions) but is permitted in some circumstances to take action without receiving instructions from investors.  
 
Margin Loan Providers  
The Margin Loan Providers are Interactive Brokers LLC and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. 
The underlying investments for each series of Leverage Shares ETPs are held in an account established by 
the Issuer (which is called a margin account) with one or more of the Margin Loan Providers. 
For Leverage Shares ETPs which offer leveraged exposures, this is the entity which provides the margin (or 
credit) to the Issuer, which allows the Issuer achieve leveraged exposure to the underlying investment. For 
example, in the case of a series of Leverage Shares ETPs offering leveraged exposure which tracks an index 
linked to a single stock, the Issuer invests the assets of the series, together with assets borrowed on margin 
in a single stock, such as the common stock of Apple Inc., to achieve leveraged exposure to that single stock.   
For Leverage Shares ETPs which offer short exposures, this is the entity that enables to Issuer to take short 
positions, by lending the underlying investment for a series of Leverage Shares ETPs to the Issuer. For 
example, in the case of a series of ETPs which track an index linked to a single stock, the Issuer will take 
short positions by borrowing the stock, for example common stock of Apple Inc. from the Margin Loan 
Provider and selling the common stock of Apple Inc. at the current market price.  The proceeds of the sale 
will be deposited in the Issuer’s margin account with the Margin Loan Provider. 
In relation to series of Leverage Shares ETPs where the underlying assets are futures contracts, the proceeds 
of the issuance of that series will be held in the Issuer’s margin account with the Margin Loan Provider to 
fund margin payments to maintain positions in the futures contracts. 
Any cash relating to any series of Leverage Shares ETPs which is not required for investment may be held 
in the Issuer’s margin account with the Margin Loan Provider.

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 
Since the assets and cash of each series of Leverage Shares ETPs are held in the Issuer’s margin account 
with the Margin Loan Provider, the Issuer’s ability to meet certain of its obligations, for example its obligation 
to pay out redemption proceeds, will be reliant on the Margin Loan Provider delivering assets and cash in a 
timely manner.  
 
Arranger 
Leverage Shares Management Company Limited is the Arranger.  This the entity that structures the Issuer’s 
collateralized exchange traded programme and arranges the issuance of each series of Leverage Shares 
ETPs. 
 
Issuing and Paying Agent 
Elavon Financial Services DAC is the Issuing and Paying Agent. The Issuing and Paying Agent provides 
certain validation and co-ordination services in relation to the issue, payment and cancellation of the Leverage 
Shares ETPs. 
 
Registrar 
 
Elavon Financial Services DAC is the Registrar. This is the entity which maintains and updates the register 
of the holders of the Leverage Shares ETPs cleared and settled through Euroclear and/or Clearstream. 
 
Portfolio Administrator 
 
GWM Limited will be the Portfolio Administrator for each series of Leverage Shares ETPs. 
 
The Portfolio Administrator will invest the proceeds of issuance of each series of Leverage Shares ETPs in 
the relevant underlying assets in order to either track an index or pursue the investment strategy of the 
relevant series. 
 
Determination Agent 
 
GWM Limited is the Determination Agent.  This is the entity which makes certain calculations in respect of 
the Leverage Shares ETPs. 
 
Broker Dealer of Record 
 
GWM Limited is the Broker Dealer of Record. This is the entity which is responsible for managing the 
establishment of the Issuer’s margin accounts with the Margin Loan Provider and for providing support to the 
Issuer in managing the operation of the margin accounts. 
 
Authorised Participant 
 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. and GWM Limited are the Authorised Participants. These entities can 
subscribe for and redeem the Leverage Shares ETPs. 
 
 
Corporate Services Provider 
 
Apex IFS Limited is the corporate services provider. This is the entity which performs certain corporate 
administration services for the Issuer.

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 
 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
 
 
Leverage Shares Public Limited Company 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2nd Floor, Block 5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Irish Life Centre 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Abbey Street Lower 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dublin 1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
D01 P767 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ireland 
 
Trustee 
 
 
 
 
 
Apex Corporate Trustees (UK) Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6th Floor, 125 London Wall 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
London EC2Y 5AS 
 
Issuing and Paying Agent 
 
 
 
Elavon Financial Services DAC 
 
 
 
 
Block F1 
 
 
Cherrywood Business Park 
 
 
 
 
Cherrywood 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dublin 18 
 
Registrar 
 
 
 
Elavon Financial Services DAC 
 
 
 
 
Block F1 
 
 
 
 
Cherrywood Business Park 
 
 
Cherrywood 
 
 
 
 
Dublin 18 
 
Margin Loan Providers 
 
 
 
Interactive Brokers LLC 
 
 
 
 
One Pickwick Plaza 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Greenwich 
 
 
 
 
CT 06830 
 
 
 
 
USA 
 
 
 
 
 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
 
 
 
 
200 West Street 
 
 
 
 
New York 
 
 
 
 
NY 10282 
 
 
 
 
USA 
 
Portfolio Administrator 
 
 
 
GWM Limited 
 
 
 
 
41 Cedar Avenue 
 
 
 
 
5th Floor 
 
 
 
 
Hamilton, HM 12 
 
 
 
 
Bermuda 
 
Broker Dealer of Record 
 
 GWM Limited 
 
 
 
 
41 Cedar Avenue 
 
 
 
 
5th Floor 
 
 
 
 
Hamilton, HM 12 
 
 
 
 
Bermuda 
 
Determination Agent 
 
 
 
Calculation Agent Services LLC 
 
 
 
 
34 E Putnam Avenue 
 
 
 
 
Suite 112 
 
 
 
 
Greenwich 
 
 
 
 
CT 06830 
 
 
 
 
USA  
 
 
Arranger 
 
 
 
Leverage Shares Management Company Limited 
 
 
 
 
116 Mount Prospect Avenue 
 
 
 
 
Clontarf 
 
 
 
 
Dublin 3

--- Page 281 ---
281 
 
 
 
 
 
Ireland 
 
 
 
Authorised Participants 
 
 
 
BNP Paribas S.N.C. 
 
 
 
 
160/162 Boulevard Macdonald 
 
 
 
 
75019 Paris 
 
 
 
 
France 
 
 
 
 GWM Limited 
 
 
 
 
41 Cedar Avenue 
 
 
 
 
5th Floor 
 
 
 
 
Hamilton, HM 12 
 
 
 
 
Bermuda 
 
 
 
 
 
Virtu Financial Ireland Limited 
 
 
 
 
North Dock One 
 
 
 
 
5th Floor 
 
 
 
 
91-92 North Wall Quay 
 
 
 
 
Dublin 1 
 
 
 
 
Ireland  
 
 
Irish Listing Agent 
 
 
 
 
Matheson 
70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
Legal Adviser to the Issuer 
 
 
 
Mason Hayes & Curran 
 
 
 
 
South Bank House 
 
 
 
 
Barrow St 
 
 
 
 
Dublin 4 
 
 
 
 
D04 TR29 
 
 
 
 
Ireland 
 
 
Legal Adviser to the Trustee 
 
 
 
Walkers 
 
 
 
 
The Exchange 
 
 
 
 
George’s Dock 
 
 
 
 
IFSC 
 
 
 
 
Dublin 1 
 
 
 
 
Ireland