--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
LGT BANK AG 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Principality of Liechtenstein) 
EUR3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this EUR3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), LGT Bank AG (the Issuer or LGT Bank) may from time to 
time issue notes (Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below).
Notes may be issued in bearer form or registered form (respectively Bearer Notes and Registered Notes).  The maximum aggregate nominal amount 
of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed EUR3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated in 
accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the EU Prospectus Regulation) and constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves 
this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of the Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on Markets in Financial Instruments (as amended, MiFID 
II) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the EEA). 
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. The obligation 
to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when 
the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for the Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to the official list (the Official List) and to trading on its regulated market, during the period of 12 months after the date hereof. The 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a Dealer and together 
the Dealers).  References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by 
more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer.
Unsubordinated Notes (as defined herein) issued under the programme are expected to be rated A+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and 
Aa3 by Moody's Deutschland GmbH. (Moody's). Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as defined herein) issued under the Programme are expected to be rated 
A by S&P and A3 by Moody's. Each of Moody's and S&P is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the EU CRA Regulation). As such, each of Moody's and S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. Neither Moody's nor S&P is established in the United Kingdom (the UK) and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation). 
Accordingly, the ratings issued by Moody's and S&P will be endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Limited and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, 
respectively, in each case in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates.  Any such reference rate may constitute 
a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). If any such reference rate does constitute such a 
benchmark, the relevant Final Terms (as defined in "Important Notices" below) will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.  Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have the result 
that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The 
Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Bearer Notes) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
(as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S)) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
 
Arrangers 
CITIGROUP 
UBS INVESTMENT BANK 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
CREDIT SUISSE 
J.P. MORGAN 
ZKB 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 31 May 2023

--- Page 3 ---
i 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to the 
best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. Any information sourced from third parties 
contained in this Base Prospectus has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the Conditions) as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final 
terms (the Final Terms) or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the Drawdown Prospectus) as 
described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of 
Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information 
being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires 
otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base Prospectus 
(including for this purpose, each relevant Final Terms) contains all information which is (in the context of the 
Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate 
in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions 
expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base 
Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions 
or intentions (in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in 
any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Arrangers have separately verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, 
no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by 
the Dealers or the Arrangers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information (including financial 
information) contained in this Base Prospectus, or any other financial statements or any further information 
supplied in connection with the issue and offering of any Notes or for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or 
any other person (other than the relevant Arranger or the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and 
offering of any Notes. The statements made in this paragraph are without prejudice to the responsibility of 
LGT Bank AG in its capacity as Issuer under the Programme.   
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, 
such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any 
Dealer. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note 
shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended 
or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 4 ---
ii 
 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any 
such restrictions.  For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
In particular, the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. 
tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Bearer Notes) delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers 
or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
THE NOTES MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances.  In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained (or incorporated by reference) in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the

--- Page 5 ---
iii 
 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID II Product Governance Rules.  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any Distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a Distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA.  For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (b) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (a) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (b) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 6 ---
iv 
 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and 
Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 
309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA).  
The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered 
for purposes of section 309B(1)(a) of the SFA.  Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will 
constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in 
accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of 
applicable securities laws.  
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer to 
any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of 
these rights or consult with a legal advisor.  
DEFINITIONS 
LGT Bank is a wholly owned subsidiary of LGT Group Holding Ltd. (LGT Holding), which in turn is a 
wholly owned subsidiary of LGT Group Foundation (LGT Foundation), the top holding company of the LGT 
group of companies (the LGT Group). 
In this Base Prospectus, references to U.S.$, U.S. dollars or dollars are to United States dollars, references to 
Euro, euro, EUR or € are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the 
introduction of the Euro, as amended.  
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals 
in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.  
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
 
Certain financial measures used in this Base Prospectus (adjusted net asset inflow, adjusted net asset inflow as 
a percentage of the previous year end total client assets, revenue margin (in bps) and cost / income ratio) are 
not recognised financial measures under the accounting principles of the Liechtenstein Banking Act (the 
Liechtenstein Banking Act) and the ordinance on banks and investment firms (the Banking Ordinance) and

--- Page 7 ---
v 
 
applicable provisions of the Liechtenstein Law on Persons and Companies (the PGR) (Alternative 
Performance Measures or APMs) and may therefore not be considered as an alternative to the financial 
measures defined in the accounting principles pursuant to the Liechtenstein Banking Act, the Banking 
Ordinance or the PGR. The Issuer presents APMs because it believes that these and similar measures are used 
by certain investors, securities analysts and other interest parties as supplemental measures of performance and 
liquidity. The APMs may differ from company to company and therefore may not be comparable to other 
similarly titled measures of other companies. The APMs may also have limitations as analytical tools and 
should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the Issuer's operating result as reported 
under the accounting principles in accordance with the Liechtenstein Banking Act, the Banking Ordinance or 
the PGR. The APMs presented in this Base Prospectus are unaudited. Accordingly, undue reliance should not 
be placed on the APMs presented in this Base Prospectus. 
For definitions and further explanations of the Alternative Performance Measures, please refer to the 
"Description of LGT Bank AG - Selected profit and loss and other data of LGT Bank" section of the Base 
Prospectus. 
RATINGS 
 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes 
already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be 
(1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by 
a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant 
Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.  
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain statements in this Base Prospectus are based on the beliefs of the management of the Issuer, as well as 
assumptions made by and information currently available to the management of the Issuer, and such statements 
may constitute forward-looking statements.  These forward-looking statements (other than statements of 
historical fact) regarding the Issuer's future results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, business 
strategy, plans and objectives of the Issuer's management for future operations can generally be identified by 
terminology such as "targets", "believes", "estimates", "expects", "aims", "intends", "plans", "seeks", "will", 
"may", "anticipates", "would", "could", "continues" or similar expressions or the negatives thereof. 
Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors 
that could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Issuer, or industry results, to differ

--- Page 8 ---
vi 
 
materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements.  Such risks, uncertainties and other important factors include, among others: 
(a) 
changes in the global general economic conditions and developments in the global financial markets; 
(b) 
changes in the general economic, political or social conditions in the markets in which the Issuer 
operates; 
(c) 
regulatory developments in the markets in which the Issuer operates; 
(d) 
changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity and commodity prices; 
(e) 
changes in the Issuer's liquidity position or that of any of its counterparties; 
(f) 
changes in the Issuer's credit ratings; and 
(g) 
changes in competition in the markets in which the Issuer operates. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise, or should any underlying assumptions prove to 
be incorrect, the Issuer's actual financial condition or results of operations could differ materially from that 
described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected.  The Issuer urges investors to read the sections 
of this Base Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Issuer" for a more complete discussion 
of the factors that could affect the Issuer's future performance and the industry in which the Issuer operates. 
The Issuer does not intend, and does not assume any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements 
contained herein, except as may be required by law.  All subsequent written and oral forward-looking 
statements attributable to the Issuer or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety 
by the cautionary statements referred to above and contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 9 ---
1 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................................. 2 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................ 6 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................ 26 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES .............................................................................. 27 
FORM OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................................. 28 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................. 34 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................. 70 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ..................... 82 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................................... 84 
DESCRIPTION OF LGT BANK AG .............................................................................................................. 85 
TAXATION ..................................................................................................................................................... 98 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ....................................................................................................................... 101 
GENERAL INFORMATION......................................................................................................................... 107

--- Page 10 ---
2 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and 
any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole and, 
in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. Words 
and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall 
have the same meaning in this overview unless otherwise defined herein.  
Issuer 
LGT Bank AG 
Legal Entity Identified 
(LEI) 
Description 
7KDSOB6Z0X4S67TMX170 
 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Programme Amount 
Up to EUR3,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Dealer Agreement. 
Arrangers 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
UBS Europe SE 
Dealers 
BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Credit Suisse AG, 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A., J.P. Morgan SE and Zürcher 
Kantonalbank (together with the Arranger, the Dealers)  
Fiscal and Paying Agent 
and Transfer Agent 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Registrar 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Currencies 
Notes may be denominated in euros or in any other currency, subject to any 
applicable legal or regulatory restrictions. 
Status and waiver of Set-
off  
The Notes may be issued by the Issuer as Unsubordinated Notes (which may 
be Restricted EoD Notes) or Senior Non-Preferred Notes.  
The Unsubordinated Notes of each Series constitute direct, ordinary, 
unsecured and unconditional obligations of the Issuer which will at all times 
rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other 
present and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by mandatory provisions of law. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute direct, unsecured, unconditional 
non-preferred senior obligations of the Issuer under debt instruments 
(unbesicherte Forderungen aus Schuldtiteln) that meet the requirements of 
article 56abis (1) of the Liechtenstein Banking Act.  In the event of the 
insolvency (Insolvenz) of the Issuer unless provided otherwise by the 
applicable Bail-In Legislation), or any exercise of any Bail-in Power with 
respect to the Issuer, the rights and claims of Holders (as defined in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes) of any Senior Non-Preferred Notes against the 
Issuer (including any accrued and unpaid interest amount or damages

--- Page 11 ---
3 
awarded for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if any are 
payable) will rank in accordance with the priority provided to unsecured 
non-preferred senior obligations under debt instruments that meet the 
requirements of article 56abis (1) of the Liechtenstein Banking Act as follows: 
(i) junior to present and future claims under all senior obligations of the 
Issuer that do not constitute unsecured non-preferred senior obligations 
under debt instruments that meet the requirements of article 56abis (1) of the 
Liechtenstein Banking Act; (ii) pari passu with present and future claims 
under all unsecured non-preferred senior obligations of the Issuer under debt 
instruments that meet the requirements of article 56abis (1) of the 
Liechtenstein Banking Act and any other obligations or instruments of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank equally with the Notes; and (iii) 
senior to present and future claims under any subordinated obligations or 
other instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Issuer's ordinary shares.  
No Holder of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD Notes shall be 
entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim against 
moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such Notes.  
Maturities 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Issue Price 
The Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  The price and amount of the Notes to be issued will be determined 
by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions. 
Issuance in Series 
The Notes are issued in Series and the Notes of each Series will all be subject 
to identical terms whether as to currency, denomination, interest or maturity 
or otherwise.  Each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each, a 
Tranche), Notes in respect of which will be identical in all respects (except 
for the issue price, issue date and interest commencement date, which may 
or may not be identical). 
Form of Notes 
The Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. See "Form of the Notes". 
Denomination of Notes 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to (a) where such Notes are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation a minimum denomination of €100,000 and integral 
multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof (or, in the case of Notes not 
denominated in euros, the equivalent thereof in such foreign currency); and 
(b) compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements.

--- Page 12 ---
4 
Interest 
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing.  Notes may be issued 
as fixed rate, floating rate (based on EURIBOR) or zero coupon and the 
method of calculating interest may vary date between the issue date and the 
maturity date. 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to a Reference Rate when any Rate 
of Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Benchmark Rate and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, and any further required changes, all as described in 
Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement). 
Interest Payments 
Interest may be paid monthly, quarterly, semi-annually, annually or at such 
other intervals as are described in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption 
The Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other redemption amount as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Early redemption of Unsubordinated Notes will be permitted for taxation 
reasons or at the option of the Issuer.  In relation to Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Restricted EoD Notes only, redemption is permitted as a result of 
an MREL Disqualification Event or a Tax Event, in each case subject to the 
Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 8(j) (Conditions to 
Redemption).  
Early redemption will otherwise be permitted only to the extent specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.  
Taxation 
All payments (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD 
Notes: of interest only; and in the case of Unsubordinated Notes that are not 
Restricted EoD Notes: of principal and/or interest) in respect of the Notes 
will be made without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes 
imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 11 (Taxation).  In 
the event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain 
limited circumstances provided in Condition 11 (Taxation), be required to 
pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Substitution and 
Variation 
The Issuer may substitute or vary the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Restricted EoD Notes as provided in Condition 16 (Substitution 
and Variation) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders of 
Notes or any Series, create and issue further Notes having the same terms 
and conditions as any Series of Notes in all respects (or in all respects except 
for the amount of the first payment of interest, if any, on them), which may 
be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes of such 
Series. 
Cross Default 
The Unsubordinated Notes (unless specified as Restricted EoD Notes in the 
applicable Final Terms) will have the benefit of a cross default as described 
in Condition 12 (Events of Default).

--- Page 13 ---
5 
The terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted EoD Notes will 
not contain a cross default provision. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading 
Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on its regulated 
market during the period of 12 months after the date hereof.   
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will 
not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with 
the Issuer. 
Governing Law 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them will be governed by English law except that the subordination 
provisions applicable to Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be governed by the 
laws of the Principality of Liechtenstein.   
Selling Restrictions 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes and on the distribution of offering material including in the United 
States of America, the EEA, the UK, the Principality of Liechtenstein, 
Belgium, Hong Kong, Singapore and Japan, see "Subscription and Sale".  
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.  Such rating will not necessarily be the same as 
the rating(s) assigned to the Issuer or to Notes already issued.  Whether or 
not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes 
will be issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
or in the UK and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or UK CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer cannot 
assure investors that any such ratings will not change in the future.  A rating 
reflects only the views of the relevant rating agency and is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Notes and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to each Series will be as agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at or prior to the time of issuance of such 
Series, and will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The terms and 
conditions applicable to each Series will therefore be the relevant Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus, as completed, 
modified or replaced by the relevant Final Terms in relation to each Series. 
Risk Factors 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes.  These are set out under the heading "Risk 
Factors". Investors should carefully consider these risk factors and all of the 
information in this Base Prospectus before deciding to buy Notes.

--- Page 14 ---
6 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks.  Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective 
investors should carefully consider the risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business 
of the Issuer and the industry(ies) in which it operates together with all other information contained in this 
Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below.  Words and expressions defined in 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings 
in this section. 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which individually or together 
could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due.  It is not possible to identify all such 
factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant 
factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a result of the 
occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number 
of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due.   
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
A. Risks Relating to the Issuer  
1. Risks Relating to Macroeconomic Conditions 
Disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets may adversely impact LGT Bank 
In recent years, the global financial markets have experienced significant disruptions and volatility as a result 
of, among other things, concerns regarding the overall stability of the euro area, the trade dispute between the 
United States and China, global supply-chain disruptions, uncertainty relating to the timing of monetary policy 
changes in the United States and the impact of the coronavirus (COVID-19) (see "Risks associated with the 
occurrence of epidemics and pandemics, such as COVID-19" below). In Europe, higher inflation, rising 
interest rates, the uncertainty regarding the impact of COVID-19 and the war in Ukraine (see “Risks associated 
with the war in Ukraine” below) have made for challenging economic conditions and contributed to ongoing 
market uncertainty, resulting in a sustained period of slow economic growth. The continued weak economic 
development of certain countries in the euro area and their membership of the EU has also continued. 
Governmental and regulatory authorities across the world, particularly in Europe and the United States, 
implemented fiscal and monetary policies and initiatives in response to the adverse effects of the COVID-19 
pandemic on the economy, individual businesses and households. These fiscal and monetary policy measures 
accelerated global economic recovery in 2021, but in turn, significantly increased public debt and introduced 
risks of economic overheating in certain countries. In 2022, inflationary pressures intensified due to a number 
of factors, including the increasing demand for consumer goods, labour shortages, supply chain issues and the 
increased price of oil, gas and other commodities exacerbated by the war in Ukraine. In order to slow 
inflationary pressures, central banks have increased interest rates which has contributed to a slowdown of 
global economy recovery.   
Geopolitical events, such as the war in Ukraine, continued tensions in the Middle East, the Korean Peninsula, 
deteriorating China-Taiwan relations, the UK's withdrawal from the EU, and recent changes in certain policy 
goals of the U.S. government and in trade policies globally, including the imposition of new or higher tariffs, 
have also caused, and are likely to continue to cause, uncertainty in the markets and concern about the 
development of the global economy. There can also be no assurances that a tightening of liquidity conditions 
in the future as a result of, for example, further deterioration of public finances of certain European countries 
will not lead to new funding uncertainty, resulting in increased volatility and widening credit spreads. Risks

--- Page 15 ---
7 
related to the economic development in Europe have also had and  may continue to have, a negative impact on 
global economic activity and the financial markets. If these conditions continue to persist or should there be 
any further turbulence in these or other markets, this could have a material adverse effect on LGT Bank's 
ability to access capital and liquidity on financial terms acceptable to it.  
Risks associated with the war in Ukraine 
On 24 February 2022, Russia launched a large-scale military action against Ukraine. The war in Ukraine is 
causing an ongoing humanitarian crisis in Europe, as well as volatility in financial markets globally, heightened 
inflation, shortages and increases in the prices of oil, gas and other commodities. Should the war continue or 
escalate further, the risk of an extension of the invasion into other countries in the region could lead to further 
increases in oil and gas prices (particularly if supplies to Europe are interrupted) and heightened inflationary 
pressures, which in turn could lead to further increases in interest rates and market volatility. With increasing 
supply chain problems, this could result in a further push in already elevated levels of inflation, particularly 
for energy but also increasingly for agricultural commodities. The war and its effects could exacerbate the 
current slowdown in the global economy. In response to the Russian military action against Ukraine, several 
countries, including the United States, the EU member states, the UK and other United Nations (UN) member 
states, have imposed severe sanctions on Russia and Belarus, including freezing/blocking assets, targeting 
major Russian banks, the Russian Central Bank, and certain Russian companies and individuals, imposing 
trade restrictions against Russia and Russian interests, as well as the disconnection of certain Russian banks 
from the SWIFT system (Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication). In addition, the 
sanctions imposed also include a ban on trading in sovereign debt and other securities. The scale of sanctions 
is unprecedented, complex and constantly evolving. 
Furthermore, the risk of cyber attacks on companies and institutions is expected to increase as a result of the 
war in Ukraine and in response to the sanctions imposed, which could adversely affect LGT Bank’s ability to 
maintain or enhance its cyber security and data protection measures. LGT Bank is actively monitoring the 
situation to ensure that its cyber defences remain updated against current and emerging threats. 
Cyber related risks could lead to material business disruptions or slowdown of the information technology 
systems which could result in reduced demand for LGT Bank’s services and products, loss of important data 
and reputational damage which would adversely affect the Issuer. 
Risks associated with the occurrence of epidemics and pandemics, such as COVID-19 
The outbreak of COVID-19 has had a material impact on the business of LGT Bank and the continuance of 
this pandemic or any future outbreak of any other highly contagious disease or other public health emergency, 
could have a material adverse impact on LGT Bank’s business, financial condition, liquidity and results of 
operations. Although the global economy has started to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic and the global 
situation seems to be contained, the negative impact on the macroeconomic environment may persist for some 
time. The scenario of a continued or worsening pandemic could lead to adverse effects on LGT Bank’s 
business, financial position, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
The shutdowns and other restrictions implemented by authorities around the world in an attempt to contain the 
spread of the disease first led to an economic downturn in many countries, as well as increased volatility in 
financial and other markets. More recently, the global economy has started and continues to recover, along with 
global trade, employment and income. In 2021, high vaccination rates in many countries and a progressive 
relaxation of health and safety restrictions, together with the fiscal and monetary policy measures 
implemented, contributed to an increase in employment levels and recovery of the global economy generally, 
with some variations across sectors and regions. In 2022, certain adverse consequences of the pandemic 
continued to impact the macroeconomic environment and may persist for some time, including labour 
shortages and disruptions of global supply chains, that contributed to rising inflationary pressures. The 
pandemic remains dynamic and the emergence of variants resistant to existing vaccines remains uncertain. 
The COVID-19 pandemic, or any similar future pandemic, could impact LGT Bank's investments or capital if 
investments decrease in value. It could also directly and indirectly impact the Issuer if staff, employees or

--- Page 16 ---
8 
contractors are affected by illness from the disease, if offices are required to be closed or travel restrictions are 
imposed, or as a result of differing requirements or guidance imposed or announced by authorities. Moreover, 
the operations could still be impacted by risks from remote working arrangements or bans on non-essential 
activities. LGT Bank's counterparties may be unable to fulfil their obligations to LGT Bank as a result of the 
ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or any other similar future pandemic, and staff, employees and contractors may 
be restricted in their abilities to carry out their usual functions.  
The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, or other severe pandemics, could have a significant global economic 
impact and result in changes in societal behaviours, government priorities and consumer spending patterns, 
which could in turn affect LGT Bank's business, results of operations and financial condition. As a result, the 
business, results of operations, corporate reputation and financial condition of the Issuer could be adversely 
impacted. Any of the above listed effects, could also affect both LGT Bank's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes and the value of the Notes issued by LGT Bank under the Programme. 
There can be no assurance that the COVID-19 pandemic, or any other similar pandemic in the future, and any 
repercussions thereof, would not have any adverse impact on the Issuer's business, reputation, results of 
operations and financial condition. There can be no guarantee that any similar pandemics or outbreaks will not 
occur in the future or that the effects of the current pandemic will not deteriorate further. If such pandemics or 
outbreaks occur in the future, these may result in similar or more adverse effects than those resulting from the 
COVID-19 pandemic, and could result in similar or further adverse effects on LGT Bank, the Notes and the 
position of the Noteholders. 
Credit risks 
LGT Bank may suffer losses related to the inability of its counterparties or customers to fulfil their financial 
obligations, including in relation to mortgages on residential property. The Issuer's credit risk arises through 
lending, investment and other activities that bring debt securities and other instruments into its asset portfolio. 
In addition, LGT Bank's credit risk includes derivative and off balance sheet exposures, such as loan 
commitments, private equity commitments and financial guarantee contracts. The Issuer has adopted strategies 
and procedures to limit its credit risk, however, there are no assurances that it will be successful in mitigating 
all of its credit exposures. 
Market risk 
Market risk includes both risk which arises through ordinary trading activities and risk which arises as part of 
banking activities and other business operations. The most significant market risk factors are interest rate risk, 
credit spread risk, implied volatilities and foreign exchange rates.  
The fair value of financial instruments held by LGT Bank, including bonds (government, corporate and 
mortgage), cash in various currencies, commodities and derivatives (including credit derivatives), is sensitive 
to volatility of and correlations between various market variables, including interest rates, credit spreads, equity 
prices and foreign exchange rates. To the extent volatile market conditions persist or recur, the fair value of 
LGT Bank's bond, derivative and structured credit portfolios, as well as other classes of assets, could decrease, 
and therefore cause LGT Bank to record mark-to-market losses. Future valuations of the assets for which LGT 
Bank has already recorded or estimated mark to market losses, which will reflect the then prevailing market 
conditions, may result in significant changes in the fair values of these assets. Further, certain financial 
instruments are recorded at fair value, which is determined by using financial models incorporating 
assumptions, judgments and estimations that are inherently uncertain and which may change over time or may 
ultimately be inaccurate.  
It is difficult to predict changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effects that such changes 
could have on LGT Bank's financial performance and business operations.

--- Page 17 ---
9 
Liquidity and funding risks 
LGT Bank may not be able to meet obligations as they fall due or fund increases in assets without affecting 
either its normal daily operations or its financial condition. This can be caused by the inability to liquidate 
assets or to obtain funding. The Issuer aims to establish a strong liquidity position by holding sufficient liquid 
assets and seeking a stable funding structure to survive a number of stress scenarios. This is achieved, inter 
alia, by attracting a diversified funding base and by maintaining a strong and high-quality liquid asset portfolio 
of cash and marketable securities that can be monetised or pledged as collateral in the event of liquidity stress. 
If any unforeseen market dislocations or interruptions occur, the Issuer may be unable to access the financial 
resources required to meet its obligations, which may impact its business and activities.  
Operational risk 
Operational risk is the risk of financial or non-financial impact resulting from inadequate or failed internal 
processes or systems, from people's failings or from external events. The definition includes IT (notably cyber-
risk), clients, products and business practices but excludes strategic risk. The operational risk management 
framework relies on the principles stipulated in the "Principles for the sound management of operational risk" 
issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the BCBS) and ensures risk management comprises: 
(a) internal and external fraud; (b) employment practices and workplace safety; (c) customers, products and 
business practices; (d) damage to physical assets; (e) business disruption and system failures; and (f) execution, 
delivery and process management. The Issuer cannot provide assurances that any failures or interruptions in 
its systems will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. The occurrence of any 
failures or interruptions could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Reputational risk 
LGT Bank's business and results of operations are, to a certain extent, dependent on the strength of the LGT 
Group's reputation. LGT Bank and its services are vulnerable to adverse market perception as it operates in an 
industry where integrity, customer trust and confidence are paramount. LGT Group and therefore LGT Bank 
is exposed to the risk that litigation, employee fraud and other misconduct, operational failures, the negative 
outcome of regulatory investigations, press speculation and negative publicity, amongst others, whether or not 
founded, could damage its brands or reputation. Any of LGT Group's brands or reputation could also be harmed 
if products or services recommended by LGT Group (or any of its intermediaries) do not perform as expected 
or do not otherwise meet customer expectations (whether or not the expectations are founded), or the 
customer's expectations for the product change. Negative publicity could be based, for instance, on allegations 
that LGT Group failed to comply with regulatory requirements or result from failures in business continuity, 
the performance of LGT Group's IT systems or loss of customer data or confidential information. Negative 
publicity adversely affecting LGT Group's brands or its reputation could also result from any misconduct or 
malpractice by intermediaries, business promoters or other third parties linked to LGT Group.  
Any damage to LGT Group's brands or reputation could cause existing customers or intermediaries to 
withdraw their business from LGT Bank and potential customers or intermediaries to be reluctant or elect not 
to do business with LGT Bank. Also, negative publicity could result in greater regulatory scrutiny and 
influence market or rating agencies' perception of LGT Bank, which could make it more difficult for LGT 
Bank to maintain its credit ratings. 
Credit Ratings 
Credit ratings can in some instances affect the cost and other terms upon which LGT Bank is able to obtain 
funding. Credit rating agencies regularly evaluate LGT Bank, and their credit ratings of LGT Bank and LGT 
Bank's debt in issue are based on a number of factors, including LGT Bank's financial strength and that of the 
Liechtenstein economy and conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. Any downgrade in 
the external credit ratings assigned to LGT Bank or any of LGT Bank's debt securities could have an adverse 
impact on LGT Bank. In particular, such downgrade in LGT Bank's credit ratings could increase LGT Bank's

--- Page 18 ---
10 
borrowing costs and could require LGT Bank to post additional collateral or take other actions under some of 
LGT Bank's derivative contracts, and could limit LGT Bank's access to capital markets and adversely affect 
its commercial business. For example, a credit rating downgrade could adversely affect LGT Bank's ability to 
sell or market certain of its products, engage in certain longer-term transactions and derivatives transactions 
and retain its customers, particularly customers who need a minimum rating threshold in order to invest.  In 
addition, under the terms of certain of the LGT Bank's derivative contracts, LGT Bank may be required to 
maintain a minimum credit rating or otherwise LGT Bank's counterparties may be able to terminate such 
contracts. Any of these results of a credit rating downgrade could, in turn, reduce the LGT Bank's liquidity and 
have an adverse effect on LGT Bank, including LGT Bank's operating results, financial condition and 
prospects. 
Risks relating to mergers and acquisitions ("M&A"), integration and realisation of expected synergies 
LGT Bank allocates management and planning resources to develop strategic plans for organic growth, and to 
identify possible acquisitions. From time to time, LGT Bank evaluates acquisition and partnership 
opportunities that it believes will offer additional value and are consistent with its business strategy. However, 
LGT Bank may not be able to identify suitable acquisition or partnership candidates, and its ability to benefit 
from any such acquisitions and partnerships will depend in part on its successful integration of those 
businesses. Any such integration entails significant risks such as unforeseen difficulties in integrating 
operations and systems, unexpected liabilities or contingencies relating to the acquired businesses, including 
legal claims and delivery and execution risks. LGT Bank can give no assurances that its expectations with 
regards to integration and synergies will materialise. LGT Bank also cannot provide assurance that it will, in 
all cases, be able to manage its growth effectively or deliver its strategic growth objectives. Challenges that 
may result from its strategic growth decisions include the ability to: 
• 
manage efficiently the operations and employees of expanding businesses; 
• 
maintain or grow its existing customer base; 
• 
assess the value, strengths and weaknesses of investment or acquisition candidates, including local 
regulation that can reduce or eliminate expected synergies; 
• 
finance strategic investments or acquisitions; 
• 
align its current information technology systems adequately with those of an enlarged group; 
• 
apply its risk management policy effectively to an enlarged group; and  
• 
manage a growing number of entities without over-committing management or losing key personnel. 
Any failure to manage growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on LGT Bank’s operating 
results, financial condition and prospects. In addition, any acquisition or venture could result in the loss of key 
employees and inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies. 
Moreover, the success of the acquisition or venture will at least in part be subject to a number of political, 
economic and other factors that are beyond the control of the Group. Any of these factors, individually or 
collectively, could have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
2. Risks Relating to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the Issuer Operates  
LGT Bank is subject to extensive regulation that is subject to change 
Companies active in the financial services industry operate under an extensive regulatory regime. LGT Bank 
is subject to laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which it conducts business. These laws and 
regulations are subject to change and may from time to time require significant costs to ensure ongoing

--- Page 19 ---
11 
compliance. Regulatory developments, such as changes in monetary, interest rate and other policies, could 
have a material adverse effect on LGT Bank's business, financial condition and results of operations, which in 
turn could have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide (which for these 
purposes includes the UK) framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms (the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive or BRRD) entered into force. EEA member states 
(Member States) are required to transpose the BRRD into national law. In Liechtenstein, the BRRD has been 
implemented in the Act on Recovery and Resolution of Banks and Investment Firms of 4 November 2016 
(Gesetz von 4 November 2016 über die Sanierung und Abwicklung von Banken und Wertpapierfirmen 
(Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetz) (the SAG), which entered into force on 1 January 2017. The BRRD has 
been amended in the EU Banking Reform (as defined in "Change in capital adequacy and other requirements 
affecting the Issuer" below) that was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 
(BRRD II) and the majority of amendments will take effect in the European Union 18 months after that date. 
The EU Banking Reform also is expected to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement and the amendments to 
the CRR and the CRD took effect in Liechtenstein on 1 May 2022. The date of the implementation of the 
amendments to the BRRD took effect in Liechtenstein on 1 May 2023.  
The stated aim of the BRRD is to provide authorities with common tools and powers to address banking crises 
pre-emptively in order to safeguard financial stability and minimise taxpayers' exposure to losses.  
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the 
relevant resolution authority considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such relevant 
entity within a reasonable timeframe and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business – 
which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or the whole or part of its business 
on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the 
business of the relevant entity to a bridge institution (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or 
partially in public control), which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity to meet its repayment obligation; 
(iii) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to one or 
more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their 
value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); 
and (iv) bail-in, which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims, which would include 
claims in respect of securities such as the Notes, of unsecured creditors of a failing relevant entity and/or to 
convert certain unsecured debt claims, which would include securities such as the Notes, to equity, with such 
equity also being subject to any future application of the general bail-in tool.  
The BRRD also provides for a Member State, in the event that the above resolution tools alone are insufficient 
to maintain financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional 
financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. 
Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework to 
the extent applicable in Liechtenstein.  A relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) 
it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets 
are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, 
unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in 
limited circumstances).  
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power 
to permanently write down or convert into equity capital instruments (such as the Notes) at the point of non-
viability and before any other resolution action is taken (non-viability loss absorption).  
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the

--- Page 20 ---
12 
conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority or 
authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or its group will no longer be viable unless 
the relevant capital instruments (such as the Notes) are written down or converted or (iii) extraordinary public 
financial support is required by the relevant entity other than, where the entity is an institution, for the purposes 
of remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State and to preserve financial stability.  Non-
viability loss absorption may be imposed prior to or in combination with any exercise of any other Bail-in 
Power or any other resolution tool or power provided the conditions for resolution under the BRRD are met. 
According to the BRRD, no creditor is to be worse off as a result of a resolution than they would be in regular 
insolvency proceedings (so-called "no creditor worse off" or "NCWO" principle). However, the "no creditor 
worse off" principle does not expressly apply in case non-viability loss absorption measures are taken by the 
Resolution Authority in relation to relevant capital instruments (including the Notes). Therefore, it is possible 
that a Noteholder may suffer greater losses as a result of non-viability loss absorption measures than in regular 
insolvency proceedings. 
In Liechtenstein, the SAG stipulates that the Financial Market Authority Liechtenstein (the FMA) acts as 
resolution authority within the meaning of the BRRD (the Resolution Authority).  The FMA is granted 
substantial powers to apply the resolution tools in order to deal with an unsound or failing entity referred to in 
clause 1(f) of article 82 of the SAG (a Relevant Entity) so as to ensure the continuity of the Relevant Entity's 
critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a Relevant Entity's failure on the 
economy and financial system. As a Liechtenstein bank, the Issuer is subject to the resolution regime set out 
in the SAG. 
Under the SAG, the Resolution Authority is able to exercise broad statutory powers with respect to the Issuer, 
including but not limited to the exercise of any resolution power and tools (Resolution Powers), including the 
general bail-in tool, the temporary suspension of payment and delivery obligations of a Relevant Entity prior 
to any resolution measures or the order of the liquidation of a Relevant Entity if resolution is not in the public 
interest. Specifically, the SAG provides the Resolution Authority with the following Resolution Powers, which 
may be used with respect to the Issuer if it is considered to be failing or likely to fail, either alone or in 
combination: 
(a) 
sale of business – the power to sell the shares and other instruments of ownership in, and/or some or 
all of the assets, rights and obligations of, the Issuer to a third party (Instrument der 
Unternehmensveräusserung); 
(b) 
bridge institution – the power to transfer the shares and other instruments of ownership in, and/or some 
or all of the assets, rights and obligations of, the Issuer to a bridge institution (Instrument der 
Brückeninstituts); 
(c) 
asset separation – the power to outsource assets, rights and obligations of the Issuer to a liquidation 
company (Abbaugesellschaft) (Instrument der Ausgliederung von Vermögenswerten); and 
(d) 
bail-in – the power to (i) convert the liabilities of the Issuer (including the Notes) into equity of or 
other instruments of ownership in the Issuer or any Relevant Entity, (ii) partially or full, write down 
the liabilities of the Issuer (including the Notes), (iii) defer payments of amounts due under any 
unsecured debt instrument of the Issuer (including the Notes), and (iv) modify the terms of any 
unsecured debt instrument of the Issuer (including the Notes), including as to rate of interest, due dates, 
amounts due thereunder (collectively, the Bail-in Powers). 
The European legislator adopted and published the proposal amending the BRRD as Directive (EU) 2017/2399 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as 
regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in an insolvency hierarchy. This directive enables banks to 
issue debt in a new statutory category of unsecured debt that ranks below the most senior debt and other senior 
liabilities for the purposes of resolution (a so-called "non-preferred senior debt").  Liechtenstein implemented

--- Page 21 ---
13 
this directive into national law in article 56abis (1) Liechtenstein Banking Act, effective as of 6 September 
2018 and this directive became effective under the EEA Agreement on 1 July 2021. 
Accordingly, the Resolution Authority has to observe the following statutory sequence of priority when 
applying the Bail-In Powers: (a) CET 1 capital instruments; (b) Additional Tier 1 capital instruments; (c) Tier 
2 capital instruments; (d) subordinated debt that is not Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital; (e) liabilities that 
meet the requirements of article 56abis (1) Liechtenstein Banking Act such as Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (f) 
other ordinary unsecured liabilities of the Issuer (including Restricted EoD Notes and other Unsubordinated 
Notes) that are not exempt from the application of the Bail-In Power in accordance with the hierarchy of claims 
in insolvency proceedings. Therefore, if the Resolution Authority applies the Bail-In Power, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes are subject to write down or conversion before the Restricted EoD Notes and other obligations 
of the Issuer ranking senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes.  
The Resolution Authority may exclude or partially exclude certain liabilities from the application of the write-
down or conversion powers when applying the Bail-In Tool. In such cases, losses will not be allocated 
proportionately amongst liabilities of the same rank. Furthermore, liabilities excluded from bail-in may receive 
a more favourable treatment than bail-inable liabilities which are of the same rank in normal insolvency 
proceedings.  
There is no assurance that the exercise of any Resolution Power by the Resolution Authority under the SAG 
with respect to the Issuer would not adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of an 
investment in the Notes and/or the Issuer's ability to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
The market price of the Notes could be adversely affected by any actual or anticipated use of any Resolution 
Power by the Resolution Authority under the SAG with respect to the Issuer, LGT Group and/or the Notes. 
Any action taken under such legislation in respect of LGT Bank could also affect its ability to satisfy its 
obligations under the Notes.  
Under the BRRD, there is also a requirement for EU financial institutions to hold certain minimum levels of 
own funds and other eligible liabilities (MREL) which would be available to be written down or bailed-in in 
order to facilitate the rescue or resolution of a failing bank. Such requirements came into effect (subject to 
transitional provisions) in the EU from 1 January 2016. Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016 
supplementing the BRRD sets forth regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the 
methodology for setting the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, came into effect in 
the EU on 23 September 2016 and in the EEA (including Liechtenstein) on 1 September 2022.   
Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 does not harmonise the MREL requirements for institutions subject to the BRRD 
in the EEA. Rather, the national Resolution Authority is required to determine the MREL requirements 
appropriate for each national institution.  
The deadline for Liechtenstein institutions to comply with the MREL requirements will be 1 January 2026 at 
the latest. In addition, the Resolution Authority will determine interim target levels for achieving MREL that 
Liechtenstein institutions have to comply with. A MREL requirement of 90 per cent. generally applies to 
Liechtenstein institutions during the transition period. 
The MREL shall be equal to an amount that is sufficient to ensure at all times that (1) the losses that are 
expected to be incurred by the institution are fully absorbed (loss absorption); and (2) the institution and its 
subsidiaries are recapitalised to a level necessary to enable them to continue to comply with the conditions for 
authorisation and to carry on the activities for which they are authorised for an appropriate period not longer 
than one year (recapitalisation).  
MREL is calculated as a percentage of the institution's own funds and total liabilities based on its Total Risk 
Exposure Amount and its Leverage Ration Exposure pursuant to CRR.

--- Page 22 ---
14 
It is possible that the Issuer may have to issue additional MREL Eligible Liabilities in order to meet these new 
requirements and / or that the MREL requirements impose operational restrictions on the Issuer which may 
increase the Issuer’s expenses. 
Any of the changes in the supervision and regulation of financial institutions, or any other future changes, may 
have a material adverse effect on Issuer's business and operations, liquidity, results of operations and financial 
condition. No assurance can be given that laws and regulations will be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a 
manner that will not have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial situation, results of 
operations, liquidity and/or prospects.  
Change in capital adequacy and other requirements affecting the Issuer 
LGT Bank is required to maintain certain capital adequacy ratios pursuant to European and Liechtenstein 
legislation. The BCBS proposed a number of fundamental reforms to the regulatory capital framework for 
internationally active banks, the principal elements of which are set out in its papers released on 16 December 
2010 (together with a 13 January 2011 press release setting out minimum requirements for additional tier 1 
and tier 2 instruments to ensure loss absorbency at the point of non-viability, Basel III). Basel III has been 
implemented in the EU by way of Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms (the CRD) and the direct application of a European Parliament and Council regulation 
(the CRR) in each Member State of the EU (the CRD together with the CRR, CRD IV). By making changes 
to the Liechtenstein Banking Act and the Banking Ordinance, Liechtenstein implemented the Basel III 
standards and CRD IV into national law, effective as of 1 February 2015.  
Each of the CRR and the CRD covers a wide range of prudential requirements for banks across Member States 
of the EEA, including capital requirements, stricter and aligned definitions of risk exposure amount (REA), 
large exposure framework and liquidity and funding requirements. The CRD covers the overall supervisory 
framework for banks (including the individual risk assessment) and other measures such as the combined 
capital buffer requirements, systemically important financial institution (SIFI), governance and remuneration 
requirements. As a consequence of the European Banking Authority's (the EBA) outstanding regulatory 
technical standards, LGT Bank is subject to the risk of possible interpretational changes. The FMA has 
identified LGT Bank as being systemically important for the national economy with a view to the additional 
capital buffer for other systemically important institutions (O-SII) and systemic risk under the CRD and CRR. 
However, the O-SII buffer only applies on the consolidated group level. In addition, the CRD includes a 
requirement for credit institutions to calculate, report, monitor and publish their leverage ratios, defined as 
their tier 1 capital as a percentage of their total exposure measure.  
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published its proposal for an EU Banking reform package 
(the EU Banking Reform) as part of the finalisation of the Basel III framework and its implementation in the 
EU. The EU Banking Reform includes amendments to the CRR, the CRD and the BRRD. The text relating to 
the EU Banking Reform was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and the 
initial elements entered into force in the EU 20 days thereafter. Subject to several exceptions, the main elements 
of a new Capital Requirements Directive became applicable in the EU on 29 December 2020 and a new Capital 
Requirements Regulation (CRR II) on 28 June 2021. The package includes setting higher capital and additional 
loss absorbing capacity requirements, increasing the powers of the relevant competent authorities and 
incorporating the regulatory definition of trading activity, standardised and advanced risk weighted assets 
calculation methodologies for market risk and new standardised risk weighted assets rules for counterparty 
credit risk. These changes also include phase-in arrangements for the regulatory capital impact of IFRS 9 and 
the ongoing interaction of IFRS 9 with the regulatory framework. The package has been incorporated into the 
EEA Agreement. In Liechtenstein, the amendments to CRD and CRR entered into force in Liechtenstein on 1 
May 2022. 
On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the BCBS) published revised standards 
for measuring credit and operational risk, constraints on the use of internal model approaches and the possible 
implementation of a broad REA floor based on the standardised approaches for measuring credit, market and

--- Page 23 ---
15 
operational risk. The amendments of the Basel standards may increase LGT Bank's REA, but it is still too early 
to assess the impact of these potential changes.  The EU Banking Reform package implementing, inter alia 
the BCBS revised standards was announced by the European Commission on 27 October 2021 and such reform 
package includes amendments to the CRD and the CRR. The expected implementation date in the EU has been 
deferred to 1 January 2025 due to Covid-19 and will likely occur after that date in the EEA.  
If the regulatory capital requirements, liquidity restrictions or ratios applied to LGT Bank are increased in the 
future (including any amendments arising as a result of the EU Banking Reform), any failure of LGT Bank to 
maintain such increased capital and liquidity ratios may result in administrative actions, which may have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations.  
4. Risks Relating to the Issuer's Insolvency  
Apart from potentially being subject to Resolutions Powers pursuant to the SAG (see also the risk factor “Risks 
Relating to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the Issuer Operates”) the Issuer may also be 
subject to national insolvency proceedings in the form of bankruptcy proceedings (Konkursverfahren) or 
composition proceedings (Nachlassverfahren). 
In insolvency proceedings of the Issuer, the Noteholders' claims will rank junior to certain claims preferred by 
mandatory provisions of law, including privileged deposits and covered deposits pursuant to article 56a 
Liechtenstein Banking Act as well as ordinary, unsecured obligations pursuant to article 48(1) Liechtenstein 
Insolvency Code. Consequently, in insolvency proceedings of the Issuer, Noteholders would only receive 
payment of their claims, pro rata within their category, if and to the extent that such privileged claims have 
been discharged in full in insolvency proceedings. 
Article 56abis (1) Liechtenstein Banking Act, implementing article 108 BRRD (as amended by Directive (EU) 
2017/2399), provides for a new category of ordinary, unsecured claims by introducing the category of non-
preferred senior debt instruments. In the insolvency of the Issuer debt instruments in this category will rank 
pari-passu without any preference among themselves, but below ordinary, unsecured claims pursuant to article 
48(1) Liechtenstein Insolvency Code (Insolvenzforderung). As set out in the Terms and Conditions herein, the 
Issuer intends that claims in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes belong to this new, lower-ranking category 
of senior debt instruments.  
Therefore, in insolvency proceedings of the Issuer the claims of Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will 
rank junior to ordinary, unsecured obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank according to 
their terms senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including the claims of Holders of Restricted EoD Notes 
and other Unsubordinated Notes as well as eligible and non-eligible deposits).  
Furthermore, Liechtenstein law requires that claims be filed in Swiss Francs in insolvency proceedings. Claims 
denominated in another currency will therefore be converted into Swiss Francs by the court-appointed 
liquidator or administrator at the exchange rate applicable at the place of performance (Zahlungsort) of the 
notes at the time the insolvency order or, in case of composition proceedings (Nachlassverfahren) pursuant to 
the Liechtenstein Composition Act, the moratorium takes effect. In addition, accrual of interest on the Notes 
will be suspended from the time the insolvency order or moratorium takes effect.  
Composition proceedings may have the effect of modifying the Noteholder's rights even if a Noteholder has 
not consented to the modification to the extent that certain majorities are achieved in proceedings.

--- Page 24 ---
16 
B. Risks Relating to the Notes 
1. Risks Relating to Notes Generally 
No limitation on issuing senior or pari passu securities 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities which the Issuer may issue and which may rank senior to or 
pari passu with, the Notes. The issue of any such securities and/or the assumption of any such other obligations 
may reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders in insolvency proceedings of the Issuer and/or may 
increase the likelihood of a cancellation of interest under the Notes. In addition, the Notes do not contain any 
restriction on the Issuer issuing securities with preferential rights to the Notes or securities with similar or 
different provisions to those set out herein. 
Noteholders are subject to credit risk on the Issuer 
Noteholders issued under the Programme take a credit risk on the Issuer. A Holder's ability to receive payment 
under the Notes is dependent on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its payment obligations, which in turn is dependent 
upon the development of the Issuer's business. 
The price of the Notes also depends on the creditworthiness, or perceived creditworthiness, of the Issuer. If the 
creditworthiness, or the perceived creditworthiness, of the Issuer deteriorates, the value of the Notes may 
decrease and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
There might not be an active trading market for the Notes 
The Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for 
which there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche 
is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued).  If the 
Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending 
upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial 
condition of the Issuer. 
Although an application has been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on 
the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on its regulated market, there is no assurance that such 
application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading 
market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading 
market for any particular Tranche of Notes.  
Noteholders' rights and obligations may be amended at meetings of Noteholders 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Agency Agreement (as defined in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes) contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally.  These provisions permit certain defined majorities to make decisions that modify the terms and 
conditions applicable to a Tranche of Notes and may affect the Noteholders' rights and obligations under the 
Notes, and that bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting 
and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.  At the meeting of Noteholders, the 
Noteholders also have authority to elect and give instructions to a representative to act on their behalf. 
The PGR sets out provisions applicable to the meeting of holders of notes issued by a debtor having its seat in 
Liechtenstein. The Liechtenstein lawmaker intended some of these provisions to be mandatory for all notes 
issued by Liechtenstein issuers. The extent to which these provisions apply mandatorily if the notes are 
governed by a law other than Liechtenstein law is unclear in the absence of jurisprudence by Liechtenstein 
courts.

--- Page 25 ---
17 
If the provisions of the PGR apply, the Noteholders' meeting has to adopt resolutions with a majority of the 
votes validly represented at the meeting unless the law or the terms and conditions of the notes prescribe stricter 
voting requirements. Certain resolutions have to be adopted by a majority of three-fourths of the nominal value 
of the Notes in circulation, including resolutions (a) dismissing a representative appointed by the Noteholders' 
meeting or provided for in the terms and conditions of the notes or modifying his power of attorney; (b) 
granting a deferral of payment of interest that is due or will become due within twelve months. According to 
the law, any resolutions passed in the noteholders' meeting have to be publicly certified by a notary or the 
Liechtenstein Office of Justice (Amt für Justiz) in order to be valid and effective and have to be submitted to 
the Liechtenstein Commercial Register (Handelsregister).  
Further, if the PGR provisions apply, Noteholders who did not attend and/or vote at a Noteholders' meeting 
may also demand the judicial revocation of a resolution which has been passed within one month from the day 
the resolutions have been published if they can prove that the respective resolution was passed in a dishonest 
manner or contrary to a mandatory provision of the law.  
If the PGR provisions apply, resolutions that have to be adopted with three-fourth majority also have to be 
approved by the Liechtenstein court in non-contentious proceedings in order to bind all noteholders. In the 
absence of jurisprudence it is unclear if the Liechtenstein courts still have jurisdictions over matters that are 
submitted to arbitration pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
The Issuer also has the right to correct manifest errors in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes without the 
Noteholders' consent. In addition, pursuant to Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement), certain changes may 
be made to the interest calculation provisions of the Floating Rate Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise 
set out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders. 
The Notes are subject to risks related to exchange rates and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Changes in laws, regulations or administrative practice or the interpretation thereof may affect the Notes 
Changes in laws, regulations or administrative practice, or the interpretation thereof, after the date of this Base 
Prospectus may affect the Notes in general, the rights of Holders as well as the market value of the Notes.  The 
Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes will be governed by 
English law, except for the subordination provisions relating to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and all non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, which will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the Principality of Liechtenstein.  There can be no assurances as to the impact of 
any possible judicial decision or change to the laws of England and Wales or the Principality of Liechtenstein, 
regulations or administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes or the interpretation thereof.  
Such changes in law may impact statutory, tax and regulatory regimes during the life of the Notes, which may 
have an adverse effect on the Notes.  Such legislative and regulatory uncertainty could also affect an investor's 
ability to accurately value the Notes and, therefore, affect the trading price of the Notes given the extent and

--- Page 26 ---
18 
impact on the Notes that one or more regulatory or legislative changes, including those described above, could 
have on the Notes. 
The Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller 
amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination that are not integral multiples of the minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a 
Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination, would need to purchase a principal amount of the Notes such that its holding amounts 
to a Specified Denomination. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of clearing systems, investors will have to rely on the 
relevant clearing system's procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes.  Such Global Notes will 
be deposited with a common depositary, or as the case may be a common safekeeper for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg).  Except in the 
circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes.  
The relevant clearing system(s) will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes.  While 
the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests 
only through the relevant clearing system(s). 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations 
under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary, or as the case may be a common safekeeper 
for the relevant clearing system(s) or a nominee thereof for distribution to their Accountholders.  A Holder of 
a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system(s) to receive 
payments under the relevant Notes.  The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Notes.  Instead, such Holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant 
clearing system(s) to appoint appropriate proxies.  Similarly, Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes 
will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event 
of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant.  
2. Risks Relating to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
The Notes may be redeemed early 
Unless in the case of any particular Series of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in the event 
that the Issuer due to a change in law would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes 
due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of 
the Principality of Liechtenstein, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with Condition 
8(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) (and, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted EoD Notes, 
subject to compliance with certain regulatory conditions and approval by the Competent Authority).  
Furthermore, the Issuer may be entitled to redeem Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted EoD Notes if 
the tax treatment for the Issuer in respect of such Notes is negatively altered after the issue date (as set forth in 
Condition 8(c) (Redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD Notes as a result of a Tax 
Event)) or an MREL Disqualification Event (as set forth in Condition 8(d) (Redemption of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD Notes as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event) occurs in respect of

--- Page 27 ---
19 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted EoD Notes), which may include a situation where the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD Notes, as the case may be, do not at any time become eligible to count 
towards the Issuer's eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity.  
In addition, if in the case of any particular Series of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Notes are 
redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Restricted EoD Notes, subject to compliance with certain regulatory conditions and approval by the Competent 
Authority), the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at a time when prevailing interest rates may be relatively 
low.  In addition, an optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes.  During any period 
when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above and may in fact decrease below the price at which they can be 
redeemed.  This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
In the case of any redemption, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable 
security with a rate of return that is as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including the Euro interbank offered rate 
(EURIBOR)) are the subject of ongoing international, national and other regulatory guidance and proposals 
for reform.  Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented.  These reforms 
may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences that cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any 
Notes linked to or referencing such a benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it 
forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation), among other 
things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark, within the UK.  Similarly, it 
prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, amongst other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark.  
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.   
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering any  changes in 
the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark; and/or leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any 
of the above changes or consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms of other initiatives 
of investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, 
referencing, or otherwise depending (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark.

--- Page 28 ---
20 
If the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event (as defined in 
the Conditions) has occurred, then the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser for the purposes of determining a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate (as further 
described in Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement) and an Adjustment Spread (as defined in the 
Conditions).  An Adjustment Spread could be positive or negative or zero and would be applied with a view 
to reducing or eliminating to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of an Original Reference Rate.   
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer cannot 
agree upon, or cannot select, the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Issuer may determine the 
replacement rate, provided that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, the further fallbacks described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall 
apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in 
the rate of interest for the immediately preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page or the initial Rate of Interest. Furthermore, if the Issuer determines it is not able to follow the 
prescribed steps set out in the Conditions, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time. 
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate may result in interest payments that are 
substantially lower than, or that do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that could have been 
made on the Notes if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form.  Furthermore, if the Issuer 
is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Issuer fails to agree a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and an Adjustment Spread with the Independent Adviser, the Issuer may have to exercise its 
discretion to determine (or to elect not to determine) an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Adjustment Spread 
in a situation in which it is presented with a conflict of interest. The Issuer has also undertaken in the Conditions 
that it will not make any amendment pursuant to Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement) if to do so could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as, in the case of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Restricted EoD Notes, eligible liabilities and/or loss-absorbing of the Issuer.  
Any such changes will also result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
rate of interest) than if the Original Reference Rate continued to apply in its current form. There is no assurance 
that the characteristics of any Alternative Benchmark Rate or Successor Rate would be similar to the Original 
Reference Rate, that any Alternative Benchmark Rate of Successor Rate would produce the economic 
equivalent of the Original Reference Rate or would be a suitable replacement for the Original Reference Rate. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of EU, UK, or other 
international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further 
uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes could also have a material 
adverse effect on the trading market for, value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing such 
benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any 
of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions 
of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
Fixed Rate Notes are subject to Interest Rate Risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
21 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value 
of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
The Notes may be issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest bearing 
securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest bearing securities with comparable maturities. Such volatility could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
There may be no rights of set-off, netting or counterclaim 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted EoD Notes may not subject to any set off or netting arrangements 
that would undermine their capacity to absorb losses in resolution. Consequently, holders of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Restricted EoD Notes shall not be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or 
counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such Notes.  Holders of such Notes will not be 
entitled (subject to applicable law) to set-off the Issuer's obligations under such Notes against obligations owed 
by them to the Issuer. Holders may therefore be required to initiate separate proceedings to recover amounts 
in respect of any counterclaim and may receive a lower recovery in the event of a winding-up of the Issuer 
than if set-off, netting or counterclaim were permitted. 
3. Additional Risks Relating to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to the Issuer's unsubordinated creditors 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to the Issuer's unsubordinated creditors. An investor in Senior Non-
Preferred Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's insolvency. 
The Issuer's obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank (i) junior to present and future claims 
under all senior obligations of the Issuer that do not constitute unsecured non-preferred senior obligations 
arising under debt instruments meeting the requirements of article 56abis (1) Liechtenstein Banking Act; (ii) 
pari passu with present and future claims arising under all unsecured non-preferred senior obligations of the 
Issuer under debt instruments meeting the requirements of article 56abis (1) Liechtenstein Banking Act and 
any other obligations or instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank equally with the Notes; 
and (iii) senior to (x) present and future claims under any subordinated obligations or other instruments of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and (y) the Issuer's ordinary 
shares and claims resulting from instruments recognised as own funds items under the BRRD/SAG. 
If, upon liquidation of the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the claims 
of the more senior-ranking creditors in full, the Noteholders will lose their entire investment in the Senior Non- 
Preferred Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of senior-ranking creditors 
in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations in respect of the Senior Non- 
Preferred Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Noteholders 
will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
22 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than Unsubordinated Notes or other 
liabilities of the Issuer which rank in priority to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, an investor in Senior Non-
Preferred Notes may lose all or some of their investment should the Issuer become insolvent or should the 
Issuer or the Notes become subject to the actions described in the risk factor entitled “Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive” above.   
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted EoD Notes provide for limited events of default 
Noteholders will have limited ability to accelerate the repayment of their Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Restricted EoD Notes. See Condition 12 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, which 
restricts the Events of Default to (a) the dissolution (Auflösung) and liquidation (Liquidation) of the Issuer or 
a Liechtenstein court ordering the opening of insolvency proceedings (Insolvenzeröffnung) over the assets of 
the Issuer and (b) a Liechtenstein court granting the Issuer a payment moratorium (Stundung, 
Nachlassstundung). Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any interest payment or other obligation under 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted EoD Notes, such failure will not give the Noteholders any right to 
accelerate repayment of the principal amount of the Notes. 
The Issuer could, in certain circumstances, substitute or vary the terms of Restricted EoD Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes  
To the extent that any Series of Restricted EoD Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes contains provisions 
relating to the substitution or variation of such Notes, in certain circumstances (such as if an MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability 
of Condition 22 (Recognition of Bail-in)), the Issuer may, subject to the Applicable MREL Regulations and 
without the consent or approval of the Noteholders, substitute or vary the terms of such Notes (including 
changing the governing law of Condition 22 (Recognition of Bail-in)) to ensure that, if applicable, they remain 
or become Qualifying Notes (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), in accordance with the 
Conditions, or in order to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 22 (Recognition of Bail-in). 
While the Issuer cannot make changes to the terms of such Notes that, in its reasonable opinion, are materially 
less favourable to a Holder of such Restricted EoD Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the governing law 
of Condition 22 (Recognition of Bail-in) may be changed in order to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability 
of Condition 22 (Recognition of Bail-in). 
There can be no assurance as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. 
In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied Notes could be different 
for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences arising for them of holding the 
Notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation for Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted EoD Notes  
The Issuer’s obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction for or on account 
of taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction under the terms of (i) Restricted EoD Notes and (ii) Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, applies only to payments of interest due and payable under the such Notes and not to payments 
of principal (which term, for these purposes, includes any premium, Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount and any other amount (other than interest) payable in 
respect of those Notes). As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the 
terms of such Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes imposed by any Tax 
Jurisdiction is applied to payments of principal.  
Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under any (i) 
Restricted EoD Notes or (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Noteholders would, upon repayment or redemption 
of such Notes, be entitled to receive only the net amount of such redemption or repayment proceeds after 
deduction of the amount required to be withheld. Therefore, Noteholders may receive less than the full amount 
due under such Notes, and the market value of such Notes may be adversely affected as a result.

--- Page 31 ---
23 
The qualification of any Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted EoD Notes as Eligible Liabilities is 
subject to uncertainty and may cause the Issuer to redeem Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted EoD 
Notes following an MREL Disqualification Event  
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted EoD Notes are intended to be Eligible Liabilities available to 
meet any MREL requirement of the Issuer. However, the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or the Restricted EoD Notes will remain Eligible Liabilities for MREL purposes. 
If, for any reason, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Restricted EoD Notes are or will be excluded from 
MREL Eligible Liabilities, the Issuer may be able to redeem such Notes if an MREL Disqualification Event 
has occurred. 
An MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or the Restricted EoD Notes if as a result of any amendment to, or change in, any Applicable MREL 
Regulations or any change in the application or official interpretation of any Applicable MREL Regulations, 
in any such case becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Restricted 
EoD Notes, as the case may be, are or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the Resolution Authority) are likely to 
become fully or partially excluded from the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities determined in accordance with, 
and pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations; provided, however, that an MREL Disqualification Event 
shall not occur where the exclusion of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Restricted EoD Notes from the 
relevant minimum requirement(s) is due to the remaining maturity of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the 
Restricted EoD Notes, as the case may be, being less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility 
criteria for such minimum requirements under the Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect to the 
Issuer on the Issue. 
If the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Restricted EoD Notes are to be redeemed as a result of an MREL 
Disqualification Event or there is a perception that such Notes may be so redeemed, this may impact the market 
price of the Notes. In addition, there can be no assurance that Noteholders will be able to reinvest the amounts 
received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or the Restricted EoD Notes, as the case may be.  
4. Risks Relating to the Exercise of Bail-in Powers 
By purchasing the Notes, a Noteholder agrees to be bound by the exercise of any Bail-in Power with respect 
to the Issuer that results in the write-down and cancellation of the Notes and/or their conversion into equity 
of or other instruments of ownership in the Issuer or any Relevant Entity or in the deferral of payments 
under the Notes, any of which actions may result in the loss of the Noteholders' investment in the Notes. 
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder will acknowledge, agree to be bound by, and consent to the 
exercise of, any Bail-in Power with respect to the Issuer that results in the write-down and cancellation and/or 
conversion into equity of or other instruments of ownership in the Issuer or any Relevant Entity of the entire, 
or a portion of the, principal amount of, and/or accrued interest on, the Notes, irrespective of whether such 
amounts have already become due and payable prior to such action. By its acquisition of the Notes, each 
Noteholder will further acknowledge, agree to be bound by, and consent to the ordering of, any Bail-in Power 
that results in the deferment of payment of principal and/or interest under the Notes. As a result, Noteholders 
could lose all or substantially all of the amount of their investment in the Notes. If the Resolution Authority 
orders the conversion of any Notes into equity of or other instruments of ownership in the Issuer or any 
Relevant Entity, securities received by the Noteholders of such Notes may be worth significantly less than the 
Notes and may have a significantly different risk profile. By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder will 
further acknowledge and agree that its rights are subject to, and, if necessary, will be altered without such 
Noteholder's consent, including by means of an amendment or modification to the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes, so as to give effect to any such exercise of Bail-in Power. For more information, see "— Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive" above.

--- Page 32 ---
24 
The Resolution Authority may exercise its Bail-in Powers to fully or partially write-down any Notes and/or 
convert such Notes into equity of or other instruments of ownership in the Issuer or any Relevant Entity. 
If the Resolution Authority were to open restructuring proceedings with respect to the Issuer, it would be able 
to exercise its Bail-in Powers to fully or partially write-down the principal of, and/or accrued interest on, any 
Notes. In the case of a full write-down of the principal of, and accrued interest on, such Notes, such Notes 
would be permanently written-down to zero and cancelled, and Noteholders would lose all of the amount of 
their investment in such Notes. Upon the occurrence of any such full or partial write-down, Noteholders would 
not, at such time or at any time thereafter, (a) receive any shares or other participation rights in the Issuer or 
any other entity or be entitled to any other participation in the upside potential of any equity or debt securities 
issued by the Issuer or any other entity or (b) be entitled to any write-up or any other compensation in the event 
of a potential recovery of the Issuer or any change in the financial condition thereof. 
If the Resolution Authority were to open restructuring proceedings with respect to the Issuer and exercise its 
Bail-in Powers to fully or partially convert any Notes into equity of or other instruments of ownership in the 
Issuer or a Relevant Entity, Noteholders should also note that the circumstances surrounding such event will 
likely include a prior deterioration in the market price, if any, of such equity or other instruments, (e.g., shares 
of the Issuer), which may be expected to accelerate after the opening of such restructuring proceedings. As a 
result, the value of the equity instruments received could be substantially lower than the price paid for such 
Notes at the time of their purchase or the principal amount of such Notes, and the equity or other instruments 
would have a significantly different risk or liquidity profile from such Notes. Further, there is no assurance 
that the conversion rate set by the Resolution Authority will reflect par or other market conditions. As a result, 
Noteholders could lose all or substantially all of the amount of their investment in such Notes. Additionally, if 
such Notes are converted into equity instruments or other instruments of ownership, Noteholders will be 
effectively subordinated to all creditors in the event of a winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or 
Relevant Entity, as the case may be, which would increase the risk that Noteholders will lose all or some of 
their investment. Further, it is possible that any equity instrument or other instrument of ownership issued upon 
conversion of such Notes would not meet the listing requirements of any securities exchange. It is also possible 
that any equity instruments or other instruments of ownership received by Noteholders upon conversion of 
such Notes would not be listed for a certain period of time, if at all, or, if initially or previously listed, may be 
delisted by the relevant exchange, or, even if listed, may be subject to trading moratoriums or other limitations 
on trading. Unlisted instruments may be less liquid than listed instruments, and therefore may have little or no 
resale value.  
The FMA as Competent Authority has substantial discretion as to the circumstances in which it will exercise 
its Resolution Powers, as well as which Resolution Powers it can exercise. 
The SAG governs restructuring and resolution proceedings with respect to, among others, Liechtenstein banks, 
such as the Issuer. Instead of prescribing a particular resolution concept, the SAG provides the Resolution 
Authority (currently the FMA) with a significant amount of authority and discretion in the case of restructuring 
or resolution proceedings, as well as various restructuring tools from which the Resolution Authority may 
choose.  
It is within the competences of the FMA as Resolution Authority to decide when and whether to exercise any 
of its Resolution Powers, including its Bail-in Powers. The Bail-in Powers granted to the Resolution Authority 
under the SAG are intended to be exercised prior to the point at which any liquidation or insolvency 
proceedings with respect to the Relevant Entity may be opened. The purpose behind granting such powers to 
the Resolution Authority is to enable it to address, prior to insolvency, the situation in which all or part of a 
business of the Relevant Entity has encountered, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties, giving rise to 
wider public interest concerns.  Noteholders' rights may be materially adversely affected as a result of the 
exercise of the Bail-in Powers even before an insolvency event has occurred with respect to the Issuer. 
Although the SAG provides specific conditions that must be met in order to exercise any Resolution Power 
(such as the requirement that the Relevant Entity is failing or likely to fail and intervention is in the public 
interest) and guidelines have been published by European regulators and supranational institutions (e.g., the

--- Page 33 ---
25 
European Banking Authority) setting out objective standards resolution authorities should apply in determining 
whether an institution is failing or likely to fail, it is uncertain how the FMA as Resolution Authority would 
interpret the conditions set forth in the SAG, and whether, how and to what extent it would apply such 
guidelines, in any particular pre-insolvency scenario affecting the Issuer and in deciding whether to exercise 
any of its Resolution Powers.  Since the exercise of any Resolution Power by the FMA as Resolution Authority 
is inherently unpredictable, the Noteholders will not be able to anticipate any potential exercise of any such 
Resolution Power based on publicly available criteria. 
Furthermore, the use of Resolution Powers or any early intervention measure, or any indication or perception 
of such Resolution Powers being used or early intervention measure being taken, could have a materially 
adverse effect on the rights of Noteholders, the market value of their investment in the Notes and/or the ability 
of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
The FMA as a Resolution Authority is also not required to provide any advance notice to Noteholders of its 
decision to exercise any Resolution Power, including any Bail-in Power with respect to the Notes. Therefore, 
Noteholders may not be able to anticipate a potential exercise of any such Resolution Powers or the potential 
effect of any exercise of such Resolution Powers on the Issuer and the Notes. Furthermore, Noteholders may 
have only very limited rights to challenge and/or seek a suspension of any decision of the Resolution Authority 
or to have that decision reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or otherwise. 
According to the BRRD and SAG, no creditor is to be worse off because of a resolution of an institution than 
they would be in regular insolvency proceedings. However, in certain circumstances a Noteholder might suffer 
greater losses if the FMA applies resolution tools (including Bail-In) or resolution powers than in regular 
insolvency proceedings. In such a case a Noteholder generally has a claim for compensation pursuant to the 
"no creditor worse off" principle in accordance with a valuation performed after the resolution action has been 
taken. However, it is unlikely that such compensation would be equivalent to the full losses incurred by a 
Noteholder in the resolution and there can be no assurance that a Noteholder would recover such compensation 
promptly. 
See also risk disclosure "Risks Relating to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the Issuer Operates 
(Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive).

--- Page 34 ---
26 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have been filed with the Central Bank and Euronext Dublin shall be deemed 
to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
 
• 
the auditors' report and the audited annual financial statements (including the notes thereto) of the 
Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, available at: 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/20213/documents;  
 
• 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 33 to 68 of the Base Prospectus dated 1 June 2022 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the 2022 Conditions), 
available at: https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/20213/documents;  
 
• 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 32 to 68 of the Base Prospectus dated 28 May 2021 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the 2021 Conditions), 
available at: https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/20213/documents;  
 
• 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 41 to 78 of the Base Prospectus dated 27 May 2020 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the 2020 Conditions), 
available at: https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/20213/documents; and 
 
• 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 39 to 75 of the Base Prospectus dated 23 May 2019 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the 2019 Conditions), 
available at: https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/20213/documents. 
LGT Bank Ltd. means LGT Bank AG in the English translation of the auditors' report and the audited annual 
financial statements. 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus is either deemed not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on any websites does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 35 ---
27 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the necessary 
information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes and the 
reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer.  In relation to the different types of Notes which may be 
issued under the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information 
except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which 
can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes.   
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the 
relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus.   
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus.  The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the 
Conditions described in the Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms.   
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as completed, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus.  In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, 
each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms 
shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.   
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (a) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes or (b) by a registration document containing the 
necessary information relating to the Issuer, a securities note containing the necessary information relating to 
the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a summary note.

--- Page 36 ---
28 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Notes may be issued as Bearer Notes (as defined below), Registered Notes (as defined below), as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.  Notes in bearer form will not be exchangeable for Notes in registered form and 
Notes in registered form will not be exchangeable for Notes in bearer form. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) will initially be in the form of either a temporary global 
note in bearer form (the Temporary Global Note), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in 
bearer form (the Permanent Global Note), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.  Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a Global 
Note) which is not intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or 
a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System (Euroclear) and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) and/or any other relevant clearing system and each 
Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the ECB) announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance 
with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central 
banking system for the euro (the Eurosystem), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled.  At the same 
time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for 
Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the TEFRA C Rules) or United States Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the TEFRA D Rules) are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have 
a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will 
be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused.  In addition, interest payments in 
respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note duly 
authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the 
case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in 
accordance with its terms against: 
(a) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.

--- Page 37 ---
29 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of 
the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, that in 
no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the 
initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(i) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5pm 
(London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has requested 
exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(ii) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the 
terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become 
void at 5pm (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (i) above) or at 5pm (London time) on such due 
date (in the case of (ii) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may 
have under the Deed of Covenant). 
If the Permanent Global Note is exchangeable for Definitive Notes at the option of the Noteholders and/or the 
Issuer other than in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note, the Notes shall be 
tradable only in principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than once Specified 
Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination). 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Bearer Notes in definitive form (Definitive Notes): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if the Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note", 
then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against 
the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If:

--- Page 38 ---
30 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5pm (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global 
Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with its 
terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5pm 
(London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5pm (London time) on the date on which 
such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5pm (London time) on such due 
date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of 
Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange.   
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5pm (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5pm (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5pm (London time) on such due date

--- Page 39 ---
31 
(in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder 
(but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under 
the Deed of Covenant).  
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which 
they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note 
became void, they had been the Holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes While in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, 
the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the 
following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered form 
(Individual Note Certificates) or a global Note in registered form (a Global Registered Note), in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms.   
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed the 
new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in 
cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the New Safekeeping 
Structure or NSS) would be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems 
in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the Eurosystem), subject to the 
conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements.  The press release also stated that the new 
arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in global registered form held issued through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations 
if the New Safekeeping Structure is used. 
Each Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which 
is not to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the

--- Page 40 ---
32 
relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary and 
will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note 
will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes 
will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of their 
respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which 
will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global Registered 
Note ", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or  
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered 
Holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver 
such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in 
whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such 
person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations 
concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without 
charge to any Holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other 
duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5pm (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of 
the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the Holder of the Global Registered Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will become 
void at 5pm (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5pm (London time) on such 
due date (in the case of (b) above) and the Holder of the Global Registered Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the Holder of the Global Registered Note or others may 
have under the Deed of Covenant.  Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear

--- Page 41 ---
33 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a 
Global Registered Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been 
entitled if, immediately before the Global Registered Note became void, they had been the Holders of 
Individual Note Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were 
shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes While in Global Form" below.

--- Page 42 ---
34 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: LGT Bank AG (the Issuer) has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
Programme) for the issuance of up to EUR3,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the 
Notes). 
(b) 
Final Terms:  Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a Series) and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a Tranche) of Notes.  Each Tranche is the subject of a final 
terms (the Final Terms) which completes these terms and conditions (the Conditions).  The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by 
Part A of the relevant Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement:  The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement dated 27 May 
2020 (such issue and paying agency agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the Agency Agreement) between the Issuer, Citibank N.A., London Branch as fiscal 
agent (the Fiscal Agent, which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes), Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG as registrar (the Registrar, 
which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes), the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, which 
expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes) and the transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the 
Transfer Agents, which expression includes any successor or additional transfer agents appointed 
from time to time in connection with the Notes).  In these Conditions references to the Agents are to 
the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents and any reference to an Agent is to any one of them.  
(d) 
Deed of Covenant:  The Notes may be issued in bearer form (Bearer Notes), or in registered form 
(Registered Notes).  Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 27 May 2020 (such 
deed of covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of 
Covenant) entered into by the Issuer.  
(e) 
The Notes:  All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing during 
normal business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
(f) 
Clearing and Settlement: The Notes may be cleared through Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg).  
(g) 
Summaries:  Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and the 
Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions.  Noteholders and the holders of the 
related interest coupons, if any, (the Couponholders and the Coupons, respectively) are bound by, 
and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant applicable to them.  Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are (i) 
available for inspection or collection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified 
Offices of each of the Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below or (ii) may be 
provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agent or the 
Issuer and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying 
Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be. 
2. 
Interpretation  
(a) 
Definitions:  In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings:

--- Page 43 ---
35 
Accrual Yield has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Additional Business Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
Additional Financial Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
Applicable MREL Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, 
rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL Requirement then in effect in the Principality of 
Liechtenstein and applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis), including, 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards and policies relating to the MREL Requirement adopted by the Competent Authority from 
time to time (whether or not such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards or policies 
have force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer); 
Bail-In Legislation means the law of November 4, 2016 on the recovery and resolution of banks and 
investment firms, as amended from time to time (Recovery and Resolution Act, SAG), the ordinance 
of December 13, 2016 on the recovery and resolution of banks and investment firms, as amended from 
time to time (Recovery and Resolution Ordinance, SAV) and any other law or regulation applicable 
in the Principality of Liechtenstein implementing the BRRD into Liechtenstein law; 
Bail-in Power means any of the statutory powers (Bail-In Instrument) of the Resolution Authority 
that it may exercise during Resolution Proceedings as set forth in articles 55 et seq. of the SAG, or in 
any successor or analogous law or regulation of the Principality of Liechtenstein applicable to banks 
in the Principality of Liechtenstein, such as the Issuer, including, without limitation, the power to (i) 
convert the liabilities of the entity subject to such Resolution Proceedings into equity of or other 
instruments of ownership in such entity or any Relevant Entity, (ii) partially or full write down and 
cancel, (iii) defer payments of amounts due under any unsecured debt instrument of the entity subject 
to such Resolution Proceedings, and (iv) modify the terms of any unsecured debt instrument of the 
entity subject to such Resolution Proceedings, including as to rate of interest, due dates, amounts due 
thereunder; 
Bridge Institution means any legal entity that is a bridge institution (Brückeninstitut) within the 
meaning of article 52 et seqq. of the SAG; 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, 
as amended from time to time;  
Business Day means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
Business Day Convention, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation 
to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
Following Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 44 ---
36 
(ii) 
Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day Convention 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
Preceding Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in 
the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a 
Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
No Adjustment means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
Calculation Agent means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Competent Authority means the FMA or other authority having primary responsibility for the 
prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer; 
Coupon Sheet means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
DA Selected Bond means the selected government security or securities selected by the Determination 
Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes, 
that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of 
a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
Calculation Period), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is so specified, means:

--- Page 45 ---
37 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(C) 
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365); 
(D) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(E) 
if Actual/360 is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(F) 
if 30/360 is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 46 ---
38 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
(G) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30; and 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 47 ---
39 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period; 
Determination Agent means an investment bank or financial institution of international standing 
selected by the Issuer after consultation with the relevant Dealer(s); 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Early Termination Amount means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
EURIBOR means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to 
time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration 
of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and 
maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details 
of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
First Interest Payment Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Fitch means Fitch Ratings Limited; 
Fixed Coupon Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
FMA means the Financial Market Authority (Finanzmarktaufsicht) Liechtenstein or any successor 
thereto;  
Gross Redemption Yield means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out by 
the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices 
from Yields", page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and 
Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date"(published on 8 June 
1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time) or, if such formula does not reflect generally accepted 
market practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption yield calculated in accordance with 
generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by the Determination Agent; 
Guarantee means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to 
pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness;

--- Page 48 ---
40 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
Holder, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination, 
Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given 
in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Registered Notes); 
Indebtedness means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(ii) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
(iv) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment 
of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(v) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
Interest Amount means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Determination Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Payment Date means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified 
as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a 
Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at 
such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
Interest Period means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 49 ---
41 
Issuer Resolution Proceedings means Resolution Proceedings with respect to the Issuer; 
Make Whole Redemption Price has the meaning given in Condition 8(e) (Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer (Issuer call)); 
Margin has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Maturity Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Maximum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Minimum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Moody's means Moody's Investors Service Ltd; 
MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of the Notes if, as a result 
of any amendment to, or change in, any Applicable MREL Regulations, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of any Applicable MREL Regulations, in any such case becoming 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted 
EoD Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Restricted EoD Notes, as the case may be, are or 
(in the opinion of the Issuer or the Competent Authority) will become fully or partially excluded from 
the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities determined in accordance with, and pursuant to, the Applicable 
MREL Regulations; provided, however, that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where 
the exclusion of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Restricted EoD Notes from the relevant 
minimum requirement(s) is due to (1) the remaining maturity of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
the Restricted EoD Notes, as the case may be, being less than any period prescribed by any applicable 
eligibility criteria for such minimum requirements under the Applicable MREL Regulations effective 
with respect to the Issuer on the Issue Date; or (2) any upper limit on the amount of liabilities eligible 
for inclusion in such minimum requirement(s) being exceeded; 
MREL Eligible Liabilities means "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) that are 
available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) of the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis) under Applicable MREL 
Regulations; 
MREL Requirement means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities that is 
or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis); 
Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount has the meaning given in Condition 8(e)  
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer call)); 
Noteholder, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the 
meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Registered Notes); 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 50 ---
42 
Outstanding Principal Amount means the principal amount of the Notes on the Issue Date as reduced 
by any partial redemptions or repurchases from time to time.  
Payment Business Day means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a 
day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
Principal Financial Centre means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in 
the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
Put Option Notice means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
Put Option Receipt means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at 
the option of the Noteholder; 
Quotation Time has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Rate of Interest means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
Rating Agency means Moody's, S&P or Fitch; 
Redemption Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Sterling Make Whole Redemption 
Amount, the Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), 
the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 51 ---
43 
Redemption Margin has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reference Banks has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate;  
Reference Bond has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or to the 
extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the relevant 
Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations,  (ii) if fewer than five but 
more than one such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic 
average of all such quotations, (iii) if the Determination Agent obtains only one such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotation, such quotation so obtained, or (iv) if no Reference Government 
Bond Dealer Quotations are provided, the price determined by the Determination Agent (or failing 
which the Issuer, in consultation with the Determination Agent), acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed 
as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Reference Date; 
Reference Date has the meaning given in the relevant notice of redemption; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer (following, 
where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or their affiliates, which 
are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market makers in 
pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as 
a percentage of its principal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing 
to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
Reference Price has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reference Rate means EURIBOR, as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency 
and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Regular Period means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where Regular Date means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and

--- Page 52 ---
44 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
Regular Date means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest 
Period; 
Relevant Date means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
Relevant Entity means, with respect to any Resolution Proceedings, any of the entities referred to in 
clause 1f) of article 82 of the SAG, including (i) a parent institution (Mutterinstitut) (within the 
meaning of clause 1f) of article 82 of the SAG) of the entity subject to such Resolution Proceedings, 
(ii) any other entity that directly holds a participation in the entity subject to such Resolution 
Proceedings, or (iii) a Bridge Institution that is assigned assets, rights and/or obligations of the entity 
subject to such Resolution Proceedings as a result of the exercise of Resolution Powers with respect 
to such entity; 
Relevant Financial Centre has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring 
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the 
Reference Rate; 
Relevant Time has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reserved Matter means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the 
Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date 
for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum 
requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
S&P means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited; 
Resolution Authority means the FMA or other resolution authority (Abwicklungsbehörde) within the 
meaning of article 1 (1)(5) of the SAG with the authority to exercise any Bail-in Powers in relation to 
the Issuer or with primary responsibility for the oversight and supervision of the Issuer's eligible 
liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity from time to time; 
Resolution Powers means any of the statutory powers (Abwicklungsbefugnisse)  of the Resolution 
Authority referred to in articles 82a to 91 of the SAG, or in any other law or regulation of the 
Principality of Liechtenstein implementing the BRRD in Liechtenstein, that it may exercise during the 
Resolution Proceedings, including, without limitation, the power to (i) sell the shares and other 
instruments of ownership in, and/or some or all of the assets, rights and obligations of, the entity 
subject to such Resolution Proceedings to a third party (Instrument des Unternehmensveräusserung), 
(ii) transfer the shares and other instruments of ownership in, and/or some or all of the assets, rights 
and obligations of, the entity subject to such Resolution Proceedings to a Bridge Institution (Instrument 
des Brückeninstituts), (iii) outsource assets, rights and obligations of the entity subject to such

--- Page 53 ---
45 
Resolution Proceedings to a liquidation company (Abbaugesellschaft) (Instrument der Ausgliederung 
von Vermögenswerten), and (iv) exercise any Bail-in Power; 
Resolution Proceedings means resolution proceedings (Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsverfahren) 
within the meaning of the SAG, or any in any other law or regulation of the Principality of 
Liechtenstein implementing the BRRD in Liechtenstein; 
Restricted EoD Notes means Notes specified in the Final Terms as being Unsubordinated Notes with 
restricted Events of Default; 
SAG means the Recovery and Resolution Act of November 4, 2016 (Gesetz vom 4. November 2016 
über die Sanierung und Abwicklung von Banken und Wertpapierfirmen (Sanierungs- und 
Abwicklungsgesetz)), as may be amended from time to time; 
SAV means the Recovery and Resolution Ordinance of December 13, 2016 (Verordnung vom 13. 
Dezember 2016 über die Sanierung und Abwicklung von Banken und Wertpapierfirmen (Sanierungs- 
und Abwicklungsverordnung), as may be amended from time to time; 
Specified Currency has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Specified Denomination(s) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Specified Office has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
Specified Period has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount has the meaning given in Condition 8(e) (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer (Issuer call)); 
Subsidiary means, in relation to any Person (the first Person) at any particular time, any other Person 
(the second Person): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the second Person or otherwise; 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person. 
Talon means a talon for further Coupons; 
T2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 
operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor or replacement for that system; 
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in 
euro; 
Tax Event means the receipt by the Issuer of an opinion of counsel in any Tax Jurisdiction 
(experienced in such matters) to the effect that, as a result of:  
(i) 
any amendment to, clarification of, or change in, the laws or treaties (or any regulations 
thereunder) of a Tax Jurisdiction; 
(ii) 
any governmental action in the Tax Jurisdiction; or

--- Page 54 ---
46 
(iii) 
any amendment to, clarification of, or change in, the official position or the interpretation of 
such law, treaty (or regulations thereunder) or governmental action or any interpretation, 
decision or pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to such law, treaty (or 
regulations thereunder) or governmental action that differs from the theretofore generally 
accepted position, in each case, by any legislative body, court, governmental authority or 
regulatory body in the Tax Jurisdiction, irrespective of the manner in which such amendment, 
change, action, pronouncement, interpretation or decision is made known, 
which amendment or change is effective or such governmental action, pronouncement, interpretation 
or decision is announced, on or after the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Restricted EoD Notes: 
(A) 
the Issuer is, or will be, subject to additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges with 
respect to such Notes or is not, or will not be, entitled to claim a deduction in respect of 
payments in respect of such Notes in computing its taxation liabilities (or the value of such 
deduction would be materially reduced); or 
(B) 
the treatment of any of the Issuer's items of income or expense with respect to such Notes as 
reflected on the tax returns (including estimated returns) filed (or to be filed) by the Issuer will 
not be respected by a taxing authority, which subjects the Issuer to additional taxes, duties or 
other governmental charges; 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Principality of Liechtenstein or any political subdivision thereof or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision 
thereof or any authority therein or thereof, having power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer 
of principal and interest on the Notes become generally subject; 
Treaty means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
Zero Coupon Note means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Term. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement;

--- Page 55 ---
47 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that 
such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a 
reference to the Deed of Covenant or Agency Agreement, as the case may be, as amended 
and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes:  Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue.  In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes 
with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes:  Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of 
Bearer Notes, Holder means the holder of such Bearer Note and Noteholder and Couponholder shall 
be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes:  Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a 
minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller 
amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes:   The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement.  A certificate (each, a Note Certificate) will be issued to each Holder of 
Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding.  Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially 
with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register.  In the case of Registered Notes, 
Holder means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the 
Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and Noteholder shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership:  The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, 
on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder.  No person 
shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes:  Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of 
the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified 
Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the 
case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the 
authority of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a 
Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred 
and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount 
of the balance of Registered Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations.  Where not all the 
Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new 
Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates:  Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar will 
register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the 
Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the

--- Page 56 ---
48 
Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by 
uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant 
Holder.  In this paragraph, business day means a day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may 
be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge:  The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the 
case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature 
which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods:  Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration:  All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on 
the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement.  The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior 
written approval of the Registrar.  A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by 
the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status  
(a) 
Status of the Unsubordinated Notes:  This Condition 4(a) is applicable in relation to Notes specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being "Unsubordinated" or not specified as being subordinated (the 
Unsubordinated Notes). The Unsubordinated Notes and Coupons constitute direct, ordinary, 
unsubordinated, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari 
passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future ordinary, unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by mandatory provisions of 
law. 
(b) 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes: This Condition 4(b) is applicable in relation to Notes 
specified in the Final Terms as being "Senior Non-Preferred Notes" (the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes). 
No Set-off: The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Coupons constitute direct, unsecured, unconditional 
non-preferred senior obligations of the Issuer arising under debt instruments (unbesicherte 
Forderungen aus Schuldtiteln) that meet the requirements of article 56abis (1) (a) to (c) Liechtenstein 
Banking Act or any other provision implementing article 108(2) BRRD, as amended by Directive (EU) 
2017/2399 or from time to time, in Liechtenstein. 
In the event of the insolvency (Insolvenz) of the Issuer,  or any exercise of any Bail-in Power with 
respect to the Issuer (unless provided otherwise by the applicable Bail-In Legislation), the rights and 
claims of Holders of any Senior Non-Preferred Notes against the Issuer (including any accrued and 
unpaid interest amount or damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if 
any are payable) will rank as follows: (i) junior to present and future claims under all senior obligations 
of the Issuer that do not constitute unsecured non-preferred senior obligations arising under debt 
instruments meeting the requirements of article 56abis (1) Liechtenstein Banking Act; (ii) pari passu 
with present and future claims arising under all unsecured non-preferred senior obligations of the 
Issuer under debt instruments meeting the requirements of article 56abis (1) Liechtenstein Banking Act 
and any other obligations or instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank equally with 
the Notes; and (iii) senior to (x) present and future claims under any subordinated obligations or other 
instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and (y) the Issuer's ordinary shares and claims resulting from instruments recognised as own funds 
items under the BRRD/SAG.

--- Page 57 ---
49 
(c) 
No Holder of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD Notes shall be entitled to exercise any 
right of Set-off against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Restricted EoD Notes. Notwithstanding the provision of the foregoing sentence, if any amounts owed 
by the Issuer to any holder in connection with the Senior-Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD Notes 
is discharged by Set-off, such holder shall, where permitted by applicable law, immediately pay an 
amount equal to the amount discharged to the Issuer (or, in the event of its winding-up and/or 
insolvency, to the liquidator or other relevant insolvency official (as the case may be and to the extent 
applicable)) and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount 
discharged on behalf and for the benefit of the Issuer (or the liquidator or other relevant insolvency 
official of the Issuer) and accordingly not deem any such discharge to have taken place. "Set-off" 
means set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy and, if "Set Off" is used as a 
verb in these Conditions, it shall be construed accordingly. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 5 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest:  The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments 
- Bearer Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 5 (as well after as before 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven 
days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of 
the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be, and, if the Notes 
are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount, as the case may be, in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period 
for which a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying 
the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a sub-unit means, 
in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
6. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments 
- Bearer Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (as well after as before 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven

--- Page 58 ---
50 
days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of 
the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then 
the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean  of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks 
to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer in consultation with the Calculation Agent, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency 
to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is

--- Page 59 ---
51 
unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Calculation of Interest Amount:  The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period.  The Interest Amount will be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a sub-unit means, in the case of any currency other than euro, 
the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(f) 
Benchmark Replacement: Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6, if the Issuer 
(in consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s))) determines that 
a Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to a Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the 
determination (with the Issuer's agreement) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no Successor Rate, an alternative rate 
(the Alternative Benchmark Rate) and, in either case, an alternative screen page or source 
(the Alternative Relevant Screen Page) and an Adjustment Spread no later than three (3) 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Interest Period (the IA Determination Cut-off Date) for purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 6(f));  
(ii) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser and the Issuer 
acting in good faith agree has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage 
for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest in respect of 
eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer agree that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser and the Issuer 
acting in good faith agree is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, and the 
Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as displays the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(iii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent Adviser and 
the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate and an Alternative Relevant Screen Page or an Adjustment Spread prior to the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, then the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine which (if any) 
rate has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage for purposes of 
determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if it determines that there is no such rate, which 
(if any) rate is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, and the Alternative Benchmark 
Rate shall be the rate so determined by the Issuer and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page

--- Page 60 ---
52 
shall be such page of an information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
provided, however, that if this sub-paragraph (iii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling 
to determine an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to 
the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period in accordance 
with this sub-paragraph (iii), the Reference Rate applicable to such Interest Period shall be 
equal to the Reference Rate for a term equivalent to the Relevant Interest Period published on 
the Relevant Screen Page as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (including a 
EURIBOR Interest Determination Date) (as applicable); 
(iv) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark 
and the Relevant Screen Page in relation to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to 
the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(f)); 
(v) 
the Issuer shall, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determine (A) an Adjustment Spread to be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate or (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, and such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount(s) (or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(vi) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's 
agreement) or the Issuer (as the case may be), may also specify changes to the Day Count 
Fraction, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest Determination Date and/or the 
definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method for determining the 
fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate and the Adjustment Spread, which changes 
shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 6(f)); and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment Spread give notice 
thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (vi) above to the Calculation Agent, the 
Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6(f), no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable) or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, and no other amendments to 
the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 6(f), if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to: 
(A) 
prejudice the qualification of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD Notes as 
eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments of the Issuer for the 
purposes of the MREL Regulations; or 
(B) 
result in the Competent Authority treating a future Interest Payment Date as the 
effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
For the purposes of these Conditions,  
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero) or a formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith, determines should be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the

--- Page 61 ---
53 
relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), as a result of the replacement of the relevant 
Reference Rate with the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made, or option 
provided, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the spread, formula or 
methodology which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made, or option 
provided, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the spread, formula or 
methodology which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case 
may be); or  
(iv) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the spread, formula 
or methodology which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to Holders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result 
of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it has ceased 
publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a 
specified future date (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of such Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that 
such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that 
means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date, be prohibited from being used 
or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in 
respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that, 
in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no longer representative of an 
underlying market; or

--- Page 62 ---
54 
(vi) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the relevant Reference Rate  (including, without limitation, under Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation), if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement 
within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) or (iv) above and the specified future date in the public statement is 
more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed 
occur until the date falling six months prior to such specified future date. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): (i) the 
central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), 
(c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) 
that the Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) determines is a successor to or replacement 
of the relevant Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(g) 
Publication:  The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined 
by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be 
determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and 
each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have 
then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination 
but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not 
later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period.  Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to 
the Noteholders.  The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the 
basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
relevant Interest Period.  If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination 
the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish 
only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum 
Specified Denomination. 
(h) 
Notifications etc:  All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation 
Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will 
attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes. 
7. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes:  If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount 
equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and

--- Page 63 ---
55 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which 
is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
8. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption:  Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 
(Payments - Bearer Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons:  The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer and, with respect 
to Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD Notes, subject to the Conditions to Redemption set 
out in Condition 8(j) (Conditions to Redemption) in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (unless the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other 
period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date 
fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of any Tax Jurisdiction or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of 
competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
I. 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Notes were then due; or 
II. 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days 
(or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior 
to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two officers of the 
Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a

--- Page 64 ---
56 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem have occurred of and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment.  Upon the expiry 
of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 8(b), the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 8(b). 
(c) 
Redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD Notes as a result of a Tax Event:  Upon 
the occurrence of a Tax Event in respect of any Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD Notes 
(unless specified as not applicable in the Final Terms), but subject to the Conditions to Redemption 
set out in Condition 8(j) (Conditions to Redemption), the Issuer may having given not less than 10 
days' nor more than 60 days' notice (ending, in the case of any Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Restricted EoD Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, on a day upon which interest is payable) 
to the Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem 
all (but not some only) of the outstanding Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD 
Notes, as the case may be, at any time at a redemption amount equal to their Outstanding Principal 
Amount (or such other redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or at the 
redemption amount referred to in Condition 8(i) (Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes) together 
with interest accrued to but excluding the date of redemption, subject to these Conditions. 
(d) 
Redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD Notes as a result of an MREL 
Disqualification Event:  Upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event in respect of any 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD Notes (unless specified as not applicable in the Final 
Terms, but subject to the Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 8(j) (Conditions to 
Redemption), the Issuer may, having given not less than 10 and not more than 60 days' notice to the 
Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall, 
subject to clause d) below, be irrevocable), early redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, on the 
early redemption date specified in such notice of redemption at their aggregate principal amount, 
together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon to (and including) such early redemption date. 
Notwithstanding Conditions 8(b) to 8(d) above, if the Issuer has given a notice of redemption pursuant 
to Condition 8(b), 8(c) or 8(d) in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD Notes, but, 
prior to payment of the applicable early redemption amount, Issuer Resolution Proceedings are opened, 
then such notice of redemption will be automatically rescinded and will be of no force and effect, such 
early redemption will be cancelled, payment of the applicable early redemption amount in respect of 
such early redemption will no longer be due and payable and no such early redemption of such Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD Notes will take place. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer call): This Condition 8(e) is not applicable in relation 
to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD 
Notes. If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may, 
be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part 
on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' 
notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may 
be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the applicable 
amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (together with any accrued interest to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call)) at one of: 
(i) 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or 
(ii) 
the Make Whole Redemption Price. 
The Make Whole Redemption Price will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be:

--- Page 65 ---
57 
(A) 
if Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such 
Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a 
percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent, at which the 
Gross Redemption Yield on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Gross 
Redemption Yield (as determined by reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation 
Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus the Redemption Margin, as 
determined by the Determination Agent; or  
(B) 
if Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such Notes 
and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a percentage), 
as reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent, at which the yield to maturity 
on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Reference Bond Rate at the Quotation 
Time on the Reference Date, plus the Redemption Margin, as determined by the Determination 
Agent.  
(f) 
Partial redemption:  If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 8(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer call)), in the case of Bearer Notes, the 
Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent 
approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with 
applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) 
by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to 
Noteholders referred to in Condition 8(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer call)) shall 
specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed, and, in the case of Registered Notes, each 
Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the 
aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If any Maximum Redemption Amount 
or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum 
so specified. 
(g) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders (Investor Put): If the Put Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note (other than a 
Senior Non-Preferred Note or Restricted EoD Note) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date.  In order to exercise the option contained in 
this Condition 8(g), the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent.  The 
Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to 
the depositing Noteholder.  No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
accordance with this Condition 8(g), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, 
upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of 
the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail 
notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such 
Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for 
collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt.  For so 
long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 8(g), the 
depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of such Note for 
all purposes.

--- Page 66 ---
58 
(h) 
No other redemption:  The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided 
in paragraphs (a) to (e) above. 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes:  Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity 
Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction 
as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 8(i) or, if none is so specified, 
a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(j) 
Conditions to Redemption: In the case of Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD Notes, other than in the case of a redemption at maturity in 
accordance with Condition 8(a) (Scheduled redemption), the Issuer may redeem the Notes (and give 
notice thereof to the Holders) only if such redemption is in accordance with the Applicable MREL 
Regulations and it has been granted the permission of the Resolution Authority (if such permission is 
then required under the Applicable MREL Regulations) (the Conditions to Redemption). Any refusal 
by the Resolution Authority (if required) to grant its approval or permission as described above will 
not constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes. 
(k) 
Purchase:  The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all 
unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith and provided that in the case of any Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Restricted EoD Notes, any such purchases shall be in accordance with the Applicable MREL 
Regulations and subject to the prior permission of the Competent Authority and/or the Resolution 
Authority (if such permission is then required under the Applicable MREL Regulations) in any manner 
and at any price and at the option of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, such Notes may be surrendered 
for cancellation, held or resold. Any refusal by the Competent Authority and/or the Resolution 
Authority (if required) to grant its approval or permission as described above will not constitute an 
event of default under the relevant Notes. 
(l) 
Cancellation:  All Notes which are purchased and surrendered for cancellation pursuant to Condition 
8(k) (Purchase) or which are to be redeemed will forthwith be cancelled, together with all relative 
unmatured Coupons attached to the Notes or surrendered with the Notes, and accordingly may not be 
reissued or resold. 
9. 
Payments - Bearer Notes 
This Condition 9 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal:  Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment 
is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an 
account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial 
Centre of that currency.

--- Page 67 ---
59 
(b) 
Interest:  Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against presentation 
and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City:  Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of 
a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the 
full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) 
payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted 
by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment or other laws and regulations 
to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 
(Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be 
deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross 
amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum 
deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the 
gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due 
for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as 
will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the 
Relevant Coupons) being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction 
of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its 
entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount 
of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less 
than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion 
of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount 
of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment 
bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant 
missing Coupons.

--- Page 68 ---
60 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 9(f) is applicable 
or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any 
Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 8(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 8(g) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders (Investor Put)), Condition 8(e) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer call)) or Condition 12 (Events of Default), all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be 
made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note 
or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled 
to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such 
place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons:  Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by paragraph 
(c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments:  If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount 
and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons:  On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon 
Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet 
(including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have 
already become void pursuant to Condition 13 (Prescription).  Upon the due date for redemption of 
any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will 
be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
10. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal:  Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to 
an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial 
Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City 
of London) and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest:  Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to 
an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial 
Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City 
of London) and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws:  All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without

--- Page 69 ---
61 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation) (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days:  Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the next 
succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the 
cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on 
the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered 
(or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in 
the case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment.  A 
Holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any 
delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or 
(B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition 10 arriving after the due date for payment or 
being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments:  If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the 
case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount 
and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date:  Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office on the 
fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the Record Date).  Where payment in respect of 
a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the 
address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
11. 
Taxation 
Gross up:  All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction, unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by 
law.   
In that event, the Issuer shall: 
(a) 
if this Note is an Unsubordinated Note that is not a Restricted EoD Note, in respect of 
payments of interest (if any) or principal); or 
(b) 
if this Note is an Unsubordinated Note that is a Restricted EoD Note or a Senior Non-Preferred 
Note, in respect of payments of interest (if any) only, 
pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after 
such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in 
respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the Tax Jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have

--- Page 70 ---
62 
been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note 
or Coupon; or 
(b) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for payment 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of such Note or 
Coupon or Note Certificate would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting 
or surrendering such Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of such 
period of 30 days; or 
(c) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented for payment by or on 
behalf of a Holder who would not be liable or subject to the withholding or deduction by 
making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax 
authority. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Issuer be required to pay 
any additional amounts in respect of the Notes for, or on account of, any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, or any 
official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if any Note is a Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Restricted EoD Note, the 
Issuer will not pay any additional amounts under this Condition 11 in respect of principal of (or any 
other amounts other than interest in respect of) such Note. 
12. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Unsubordinated Notes: This Condition 12(a) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being Unsubordinated Notes (other than Restricted EoD Notes, to which Condition 
12(b) shall apply) and references to Notes in this Condition 12(a) shall be construed accordingly. If 
any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
Non-payment:  the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within 
seven days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect 
of the Notes within 30 days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations:  the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of 
its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains unremedied for 
30 days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been 
delivered to the Issuer with a copy to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or 
(iii) 
Cross-default of Issuer: 
(A) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or of any of its Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as 
the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period; 
(B) 
any such Indebtedness becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise 
than at the option of the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary or (provided that no event 
of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any Person entitled to such 
Indebtedness; or 
(C) 
the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries fails to pay when due (within any applicable grace 
period) any amount payable by it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness;  
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (A) and (B) above 
and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph (C) above

--- Page 71 ---
63 
individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR20,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies); or 
(iv) 
Insolvency etc:  (i) the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is unable to pay 
its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator is appointed (or application for any 
such appointment is made) in respect of the Issuer or the whole or substantially the whole of 
the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer, (iii) the Issuer takes any action for a 
readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium 
in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness given by it, and 
(iv) in any case is not discharged within 14 days; or 
(v) 
Winding up etc:  an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer, or (ii) the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry 
on all or substantially all of its business (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, adjustment, reorganisation or restructuring of the Issuer whilst solvent); 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to 
the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, 
whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount together 
with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
(b) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted EoD Notes: This Condition 12(b) is applicable in relation 
to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD 
Notes and references to Notes in this Condition 12(b) shall be construed accordingly.  
(i) 
If any of the following events occurs: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall default in the payment of any principal for a period of 7 days after the 
date when due in respect of any such Note which has become due and payable in 
accordance with any redemption of such Notes; or 
(B) 
the Issuer shall default for a period of 30 days in the payment of interest due on any 
such Note on an Interest Payment Date or any other date on which the payment of 
interest is compulsory; or 
(C) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the dissolution (Auflösung) 
and liquidation (Liquidation) of the Issuer or a Liechtenstein court orders the opening 
of insolvency proceedings (Insolvenzeröffnung) over the assets of the Issuer pursuant 
to article 10 Liechtenstein Insolvency Code or the Issuer is otherwise declared 
insolvent or put into liquidation, in each case, by a court or agency or supervisory 
authority in the Principality of Liechtenstein or elsewhere having jurisdiction in 
respect of the same; or 
(D) 
a Liechtenstein court grants the Issuer a payment moratorium pursuant to article 3 
Liechtenstein Composition Act or article 42 Liechtenstein Banking Act; 
the Holder of any such Note may: 
I. 
(in the case of (A) and (B) above) attempt to institute proceedings for the Issuer to be 
declared insolvent or its dissolution and liquidation, in each case, in the Principality 
of Liechtenstein and not elsewhere, and prove or claim in insolvency proceedings 
against or the liquidation of the Issuer; and/or

--- Page 72 ---
64 
II. 
(in the case of (C) and (D) above) prove or claim in the liquidation 
(Liquidationsverfahren)  or in insolvency proceedings (Insolvenzverfahren) of the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, enter into a composition agreement (Nachlassvertrag) 
in accordance with the provisions of the Liechtenstein Composition Act), whether in 
the Principality of Liechtenstein or elsewhere and instituted by the Issuer itself or by 
a third party 
but (in either case) the Holder of such Note may claim payment in respect of the Note only in 
the liquidation or insolvency proceedings of the Issuer.  
(ii) 
In any of the events or circumstances described in Condition 12(b)(i)(C) and (D) above, the 
Holder of any Note may, by notice to the Issuer, declare such Note to be due and payable, and 
such Note shall accordingly become due and payable at its Outstanding Principal Amount 
together with accrued interest to the date of payment but subject to such Holder only being 
able to claim payment in respect of the Note in the liquidation or as the case may be, 
insolvency proceedings of the Issuer. 
(iii) 
The Holder of any Note may at its discretion institute such proceedings against the Issuer as 
it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on the 
Issuer under the Notes (other than, without prejudice to Condition 12(b)(i) above, any 
obligation for the payment of any principal or interest in respect of the Notes) provided that 
the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings be obliged to pay any 
sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it, except with the 
prior approval of the Competent Authority and/or the Resolution Authority (in either case, if 
such approval is then required under the Applicable MREL Regulations). 
(iv) 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as provided in Conditions 12(b)(i), 12(b)(ii) and 
12(b)(iii) above shall be available to the Holders of Notes, whether for the recovery of amounts 
owing in respect of the Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations 
or undertakings with respect to the Notes. 
13. 
Prescription 
The Notes (whether in bearer, registered or dematerialised form) and Coupons will become void unless 
claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of ten years (in the case of 
principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date. 
14. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, in 
the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of 
a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having 
its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may 
reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 73 ---
65 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Agents 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency 
or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below.  The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar or 
Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent;  
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment 
of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a 
Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by 
such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
16. 
Substitution and Variation – Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted EoD Notes only 
If this Condition 16 is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, if at any time an MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs, or to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 22 
(Recognition of Bail-in), the Issuer may, subject to the Applicable MREL Regulations (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders) and having given not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent (in accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement) and the 
Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time either (a) substitute all (but not some only) of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD Notes for new Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Restricted EoD Notes, as the case may be, which are Qualifying Notes, or (b) vary the terms of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Notes, provided that, in each case, (i) such variation or substitution does not itself give rise 
to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted notes and (ii) such variation or substitution 
would not itself directly lead to a downgrade in any of the credit ratings of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Restricted EoD Notes as assigned to such Senior Non-Preferred or Restricted EoD Notes by 
any Rating Agency immediately prior to such variation or substitution (unless any such downgrade is 
solely attributable to the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 22 (Recognition of Bail-in) and 
(iii) such variation or substitution is not materially less favourable to Holders (unless any such 
prejudice is solely attributable to the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 22 (Recognition of 
Bail-in). For the avoidance of doubt, any such substitution or variation shall not be deemed to be a 
modification or amendment for the purposes of Condition 17 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification 
and Waiver). 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 16 is subject to the Issuer obtaining 
prior written consent of the Resolution Authority and/or the Competent Authority (if such permission 
is then required under the Applicable MREL Regulations). 
For the purpose of this Condition 16 a variation or substitution shall be materially less favourable to 
Holders if such varied or substituted notes do not:

--- Page 74 ---
66 
(a) 
include a ranking at least equal to that of the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes pursuant to 
Condition 4(b) or of the relevant Restricted EoD Notes pursuant to Condition 4(a);  
(b) 
have the same interest rate and the same interest payment dates as those from time to time 
applying to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD Notes;  
(c) 
have equivalent redemption rights as the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted 
EoD Notes;  
(d) 
have the same currency of payment, maturity, denomination and original aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount as the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD 
Notes prior to such variation or substitution;  
(e) 
preserve any existing rights under the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD 
Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and 
including) the interest payment date last preceding the date of substitution or variation; or  
(f) 
have a listing on a recognised stock exchange if the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Restricted EoD Notes were listed immediately prior to such variation or substitution; and 
Qualifying Notes means notes issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that contain terms which at 
such time result in such notes being eligible to qualify towards the Issuer's eligible liabilities and/or 
loss absorbing capacity (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD Notes), in each 
case for the purposes of, and in accordance with, the relevant Applicable MREL Regulations, to at 
least the same extent as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant MREL Disqualification Event. 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders:  The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings 
(including by way of videoconference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to 
consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions.  
Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a meeting 
may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request in writing of Noteholders 
holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes.  The 
quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons 
holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may 
only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two 
or more Persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds or, at any adjourned meeting, one 
quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum.  Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and 
Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution.  Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in 
the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification:  The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error or as a result of the 
operation of Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement).  In addition, the parties to the Agency 
Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, 
it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of the Issuer, not materially prejudicial to

--- Page 75 ---
67 
the interests of the Noteholders. Any modification or waiver of the Conditions which affects Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes will be effected in accordance with Applicable MREL Regulations. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the outstanding 
Notes. 
19. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes:  Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if 
such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general 
circulation in Europe.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first 
publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which 
publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers).  Couponholders shall be deemed for 
all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes:  Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail 
(or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the 
Register or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper 
having general circulation in Europe.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth day after the date of mailing. 
20. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given 
or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the first currency) in which the 
same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the second 
currency) for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an 
order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made 
in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such 
Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used 
for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and 
(ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business 
purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in 
whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action. 
21. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) 
all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to 
the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such 
currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards.

--- Page 76 ---
68 
22. 
Recognition of Bail-in 
(a) 
Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power: The Issuer is subject 
to the provisions of the SAG which implement BRRD into Liechtenstein law, and, as of the Issue Date, 
the Resolution Authority is the FMA. By its acquisition of Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges, 
agrees to be bound by and consents to the exercise of any Bail-in Power with respect to the Issuer 
(without prior notice being given by the Resolution Authority of its decision to exercise such Bail-in 
Power) that results in the write down and cancellation and/or conversion into equity of or other 
instruments of ownership in the Issuer or any Relevant Entity of the entire, or a portion of the, principal 
amount of, and/or accrued interest on, the Notes, irrespective of whether such amounts have already 
become due and payable prior to the exercise of such action. In addition, by its acquisition of Notes, 
each Noteholder acknowledges, agrees to be bound by, and consents to the exercise of any Bail-in 
Power with respect to the Issuer (without prior notice being given by the Resolution Authority of its 
decision to exercise such Bail-in Power) that results in the deferral, but not cancellation, of the payment 
of principal and/or interest due under the Notes. By its acquisition of Notes, each Noteholder further 
acknowledges, agrees and consents that its rights are subject to, and if necessary, will be altered 
without such Noteholder's consent, including by means of amendment or modification to these 
Conditions so as to give effect to any such exercise of any Bail-in Power. Such acknowledgment, 
agreement and consent does not qualify as a waiver of the rights, procedural or otherwise, existing for 
creditors generally, and a Noteholder specifically, under the applicable banking regulation pursuant to 
which any Bail-in Power is exercised. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due: No payment of principal or interest under 
the Notes will become due and payable after the exercise of any Bail-in Power with respect to the 
Issuer that results in (i) the write down and cancellation and/or conversion into equity of or other 
instruments of ownership in the Issuer or any Relevant Entity of the entire, or a portion of the, principal 
amount of, and/or accrued interest on, the Notes, or (ii) the deferral, but not cancellation, of the 
payment of principal and/or interest due under the Notes, unless at the time of such payment it would 
be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations of the Principality of 
Liechtenstein then applicable to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Event of Default: By its acquisition of Notes, each Noteholder further automatically and irrevocably 
waives its rights to claim or receive and will not have any rights against the Issuer with respect to 
repayment of any principal and/or accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes that is written down and 
cancelled or converted into equity of or other instruments of ownership in the Issuer or any Relevant 
Entity as a result of the exercise of any Bail-in Power with respect to the Issuer. Following the 
occurrence of any write down and cancellation or conversion into equity of or other instruments of 
ownership in the Issuer or any Relevant Entity of all or any portion of the principal and/or interest on 
the Notes, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes and/or interest thereon subject to such write 
down or conversion will be cancelled and no further principal or interest will be due and payable and 
no Event of Default will thereafter exist with respect to the amount by which such principal amount 
of the Notes and/or any interest on the Notes is so written down or converted and cancelled.  
(d) 
Notice to Noteholders: The Issuer shall provide written notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) upon the occurrence of (i) the opening of Issuer Resolution 
Proceedings, or (ii) the exercise of any Resolution Power with respect to the Issuer that affects, or may 
affect, the Notes, provided that any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the 
validity or enforceability of the Resolution Power nor the effects on the Notes described in this 
Condition 22. 
23. 
Governing Law and Arbitration 
(a) 
Governing law:  The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes are governed by , and shall be construed in accordance with, English law except that, in the 
case of Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the

--- Page 77 ---
69 
provisions of Condition 4(b) (Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes), as they apply to such Notes 
and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them shall be governed by and 
shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Principality of Liechtenstein.  
(b) 
Arbitration:  Subject to Condition 23(c) (Noteholders' Option) any dispute arising from or in 
connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out or in connection with 
the Notes) (a Dispute) shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the Arbitration 
Rules of the London Court of International Arbitration (the LCIA Rules).  The arbitral tribunal shall 
consist of three arbitrators.  The seat of arbitration shall be London, England and the language of the 
arbitration shall be English.  Sections 45 and 69 of the Arbitration Act 1996 shall not apply 
(c) 
Noteholders' Option: At any time before the Noteholders have filed a Request for Arbitration or 
Response as defined in the LCIA Rules (as the case may be), the Noteholders, at their sole option, may 
by notice in writing to the Issuer require that all Disputes or a specific Dispute be heard by a court of 
law.  If the Noteholders give such notice, the Dispute to which such notice refers shall be determined 
in accordance with Condition 23(d) (Jurisdiction) and the provisions of Conditions 23(d) 
(Jurisdiction) and 23(e) (Service of process) shall apply. 
(d) 
Jurisdiction: In the event that the Noteholders issue a notice pursuant to Condition 23(c) (Noteholders' 
Option), the provisions of this Condition shall apply. 
(i) 
Subject as provided in sub-paragraph (iii), the courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction 
to settle any Dispute. 
(ii) 
The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to 
settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary.  
(iii) 
Notwithstanding sub-paragraph (i) of this Condition 23(d), any Noteholder may take 
proceedings relating to a Dispute (Proceedings) in any other courts with jurisdiction.  To the 
extent allowed by law, the Noteholders may take concurrent proceedings in any number of 
jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Service of process:  The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered to Howard Kennedy LLP at No. 1 London Bridge, London SE1 9BG, or to such other person 
with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other address in England or Wales as the Issuer 
may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders.  Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right 
of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.  This Condition 23(e) applies 
to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 78 ---
70 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
A pro forma Final Terms for use in connection with the Programme is set out below.  This pro forma is subject 
to completion to set out the terms upon which each Tranche of Notes is to be issued.1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (a) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and 
(b) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market].  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a Distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the [EUWA][European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
                                                     
1  
Where the Note is (i) not the subject of a public offer which requires the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation and 
(ii) not listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and not admitted to trading on its regulated market or on any other regulated market in 
the EEA, all references to the Prospectus Regulation and Final Terms for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, shall be deleted.   
2  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 79 ---
71 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor)]/[distributor] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the SFA), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as 
defined in section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/["capital 
markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated [] 
LGT Bank AG 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 7KDSOB6Z0X4S67TMX170 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] 
[Title of Notes] 
under the 
EUR3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the term and conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the base prospectus dated 31 May 2023 [and the supplemental base prospectus dated 
[date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order 
to obtain all the relevant information. ] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that Base Prospectus 
with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the base prospectus dated [date] [and the supplemental base prospectus dated [date]] 
which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 31 May 2023. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read 
in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 31 May 2023 [and the supplemental base prospectus dated 
[date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus in order to 
obtain all the relevant information.] 
The Base Prospectus and the Base Prospectus dated [date], including the Conditions have been published on 
the websites of Euronext Dublin and the Issuer ([address]).  
The expression EU Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[In accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the issuance 
of the Notes described herein.]

--- Page 80 ---
72 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as described 
in these Final Terms [which is expected to occur on 
or about []] 
2. 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
3. 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[] 
4. 
 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)]  
5. 
 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[] 
(No Notes may be issued which have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or 
equivalent in another currency) 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
[If there is more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor of those Specified 
Denominations (note: there must be a common factor 
of two or more Specified Denominations)] 
6. 
 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes. The Calculation Amount is not relevant for 
Registered Notes.) 
7. 
 
Maturity Date: 
[]/Interest Payment date falling in or nearest to [] 
(in the case of Floating Rate Notes) 
8. 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
[EURIBOR +/– [] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon]

--- Page 81 ---
73 
(see paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
9. 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
10. 
 
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 
below and identify there/Not Applicable] 
11. 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable/Investor Put/Issuer Call] 
(see paragraph [17/18] below) 
12. 
 
Status of the Notes: 
[Unsubordinated/Senior Non-Preferred]  
13. 
 
Authorisation: 
[Not Applicable/The issuance of the Notes was 
authorised by a decision of [] dated []] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year[, adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/, not adjusted] 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable/[] per Calculation Amount, 
payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[]] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)/Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)/Actual/365 
(Fixed)/Actual/365 
(Sterling)/Actual/360/30/360/360/360/Bond 
Basis/30E/360/Eurobond Basis/30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[] in each year  
 
 
(NB:  Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)). 
15. 
 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[] in each year commencing on [] up to and 
including []

--- Page 82 ---
74 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention/FRN 
Convention/Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar Convention/No Adjustment] 
 
(c) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Agent): 
[] (the Calculation Agent) 
 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
EURIBOR 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period) 
 
(f) 
Determination Agent: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than 
zero]  / The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be 
less than [] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)/Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)/Actual/365 
(Fixed)/Actual/365 
(Sterling)/Actual/360/30/360/360/360/Bond 
Basis/30E/360/Eurobond Basis/30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum  
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[] per cent. per annum  
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)/Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)/Actual/365 
(Fixed)/Actual/365 
(Sterling)/Actual/360/30/360/360/360/Bond 
Basis/30E/360/Eurobond Basis/30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 83 ---
75 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[[] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/Make 
Whole 
Redemption Price]  
 
(c) 
[Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Price: 
[Non-Sterling 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Amount/Sterling 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Amount/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs (i) – (iii) of this paragraph)] 
 
(i) 
Redemption Margin: 
[] per cent. 
 
(ii) 
Reference Bond: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Quotation Time: 
[]] 
 
(d) 
Early redemption as a result of a 
Tax Event: 
Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 8(c) 
apply 
 
(e) 
Early Redemption as a result of 
an 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 8(d) 
apply. 
 
(f) 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount  
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount  
 
(g) 
Notice period: 
[] 
18. 
 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice period: 
[] 
19. 
 
Final Redemption Amount 
[] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 84 ---
76 
20. 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event 
of 
default 
or 
other 
early 
redemption: 
[Not Applicable/Par] 
[Condition 8[(b)/(c)/(d)/(e)] applies] 
 
21. 
 
Additional provisions applicable to 
Unsubordinated Notes:  
 
 
Unsubordinated Notes Restricted Events 
of Default: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [] days' notice /in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [] days' notice] 
 
 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]." 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issue 
of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes) 
Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Registered 
Notes: 
Individual 
Note 
Certificates/Global Registered Note [exchangeable 
for Individual Note Certificates on [] days' notice 
/in the limited circumstances specified in the Global 
Registered Note]] 
23. 
 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] 
24. 
 
Additional cities for the purposes of the 
definition of Relevant Financial Centre: 
[Not Applicable/[]]

--- Page 85 ---
77 
25. 
 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes. The Talons mature on []/No] 
26. 
 
Substitution and variation provisions 
(Condition 16): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
27. 
 
Relevant Benchmark: 
[EURIBOR is provided by the European Money 
Markets Institute (the "EMMI"). As at the date 
hereof, the EMMI [appears]/[does not appear] in the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended.] 
[●] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. [As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name] [appears]/[does not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended.]/ 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, 
[EURIBOR] does not fall within the scope of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended.]/ 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name of 
administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]/[Not Applicable] 
SIGNATURE 
Signed on behalf of LGT Bank AG: 
By: 
 
Duly authorised 
 
Date:

--- Page 86 ---
78 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING  
 
(a) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin with effect from [].]  
[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin with effect from [].]  
[Not Applicable.] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated: 
 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (Niederlassung Deutschland): [] 
 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH: [] 
 
[[] is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended 
(the EU CRA Regulation).] (To be adapted as necessary.) 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has been previously 
published by the rating provider.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER  
 
Save as discussed in "Subscription and Sale" in the Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer/[]. 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD] 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] per cent. [per annum] 
 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date on the basis of the Issue Price.  It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
 
Common Code: 
[]

--- Page 87 ---
79 
 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code]3, as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
CFI Code: 
[[See/[[include code]4, as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
New Global Note intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
[Note that the designation "yes" means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
acting as common safekeeper,][include this text for 
Registered Notes which are to be held under the 
NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] [include this text if "yes" selected in 
which case the Notes must be bearer Notes issued in 
NGN form] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as common safekeeper 
[(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg acting as 
common 
safekeeper,][include 
this 
text 
for 
Registered Notes].  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] [this text may be 
appropriate to include if "no" is selected and the 
Notes are bearer Notes issued in NGN form] 
                                                     
3  
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct.  
4  
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 88 ---
80 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Name(s) and address(es) of additional 
Agents (if any): 
Not Applicable/[] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(b) 
If syndicated names of Managers: 
Not Applicable/[] 
 
(c) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
Not Applicable/Give name 
 
(d) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
and 
address of Dealer: 
Not Applicable/Give name and address 
 
(e) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
 
 
 
(f) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA  Retail 
Investors: 
[Regulation S Category 2] 
(In the case of Bearer Notes) - TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable 
(In the case of Registered Notes) - TEFRA Not 
Applicable 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
 
(g) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be 
specified.)

--- Page 89 ---
81 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
AMOUNT 
OF 
PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[] 
[See 
["Use 
of 
Proceeds"] 
in 
Base 
Prospectus/Give details] [If reasons differ from what 
is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give details 
here.] 
 
Estimated net proceeds:  
[]

--- Page 90 ---
82 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so 
long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a Classic Global Note 
(CGN), or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, 
common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered 
Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held 
by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common 
safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each an 
Accountholder) must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant 
clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to 
the Holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising under such 
Global Note or Global Registered Note.  The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may 
exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note will be determined by the 
respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing 
system from time to time.  For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global 
Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due 
under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the Holder of such Global 
Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note.  The following is a summary of 
certain of those provisions: 
Payments:  All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or Coupon 
will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued 
thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and 
will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes.  On 
each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer 
shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the 
payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day:  In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, shall be, if the currency of 
payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not 
euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date:  Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person shown 
as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System

--- Page 91 ---
83 
Business Day before the due date for such payment (the Record Date) where Clearing System Business Day 
means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being held is open for 
business. 
Exercise of put option:  In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 8(g) (Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the Holder of a Global Registered Note must, 
within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note give notice of such exercise 
to the Fiscal Agent, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
other relevant clearing system, specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is 
being exercised.  Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option:  In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 8(e) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer call)) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent 
Global Note or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer 
in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices:  Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global 
Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note and the 
Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), or the Global 
Registered Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may 
be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 92 ---
84 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the issue of each Series of Notes for its general corporate purposes 
or as may otherwise be disclosed in the Final Terms.

--- Page 93 ---
85 
DESCRIPTION OF LGT BANK AG 
Introduction 
LGT Bank AG (LGT Bank or the Issuer) is a wholly owned subsidiary of LGT Group Holding Ltd. (LGT 
Holding), which in turn is a wholly owned subsidiary of LGT Group Foundation (LGT Foundation), the top 
holding company of the LGT group of companies (the LGT Group). LGT Bank was founded on 24 November 
1920 under the name Bank in Liechtenstein and was registered under its then new name LGT Bank in 
Liechtenstein Aktiengesellschaft in the Commercial Register (number 0842097) for an unlimited duration on 
3 January 1996. On 3 January 2013 LGT Bank was registered under its current name LGT Bank AG in the 
Commercial Register (number FL-0001.122.356-7). LGT Bank's registered office is at Herrengasse 12, 9490 
Vaduz, Principality of Liechtenstein. 
LGT Bank and its top holding company, LGT Foundation, are 100 per cent. controlled by the Prince of 
Liechtenstein Foundation (POLF), the beneficiary of which is H.S.H. Reigning Prince Hans-Adam II von und 
zu Liechtenstein.  
Subsidiaries, Branches and Representative Offices 
LGT Bank has branch offices in Hong Kong, Vienna, Dublin and Munich. In addition, LGT Bank maintains 
representative offices in Bahrain, Geneva, Lugano and Zurich and has four subsidiaries: LGT Bank (Cayman) 
Ltd. (voting shares held by LGT Bank, participating shares held by LGT Group Holding Ltd.), LGT Investment 
Management GmbH, Vienna, LGT Fund Management Company Ltd., Vaduz and LGT PB Fund Solutions 
Ltd., Vaduz.  
History 
LGT Bank was founded in 1920 during Liechtenstein's move away from Austria towards Switzerland. LGT 
Bank's objective was to acquire capital, as much as possible in Swiss Francs, in order to facilitate the economic 
development of the country and to serve as a foundation for the proposed currency reform. 
LGT Bank became a pioneer of the holding company industry in Liechtenstein. In addition, LGT Bank attained 
success in the underwriting business. In the first decade of its existence these activities were the principal 
forms of business for LGT Bank.  
The worldwide economic crisis of the 1930s led to the Prince of Liechtenstein becoming the majority 
shareholder of LGT Bank. In 1937 LGT Bank decided to enter the commercial mortgage business and to accept 
savings deposits. In 1960 LGT Bank moved to its first new building on the Herrengasse in Vaduz. Although 
LGT Bank has always supported and promoted the growth and development of the local industry and 
commerce by providing financial services and loans, the limited scope of Liechtenstein's economy soon 
became restrictive. LGT Bank thus developed into an international commercial bank active in all sectors of 
banking business, whereby mortgage, stock market and foreign exchange activities expanded. 
The growth in the balance sheet total, the sharp increase in personnel, the introduction of information 
technology, the continuing construction activity and the development into a private bank of international 
standing are all aspects that characterised and changed the image of LGT Bank during the years 1950 to 1980. 
During this period LGT Bank's share capital came within the POLF, which was founded in 1970. In March 
1978, LGT Bank established its first subsidiary, LGT Finanz Aktiengesellschaft (LGT Finanz), in Vaduz. As 
a fully integrated unit of LGT Bank's corporate structure, LGT Finanz was active in the leasing and special 
financing sector. This was the first step in LGT Bank's development into an international banking group. 
In 1980 LGT Bank adopted a vertical organisational structure and expanded its workforce. Since then, LGT 
Bank operates at a regional level in all business sectors. On an international level the key point of its activity 
is to provide investment counselling and asset management for private and institutional clients. LGT Bank is 
also a commercial lender and participates in selected underwriting consortia.

--- Page 94 ---
86 
Commencing in 1982, LGT Bank began to expand its physical presence in the world's key financial markets 
in line with its strategy. On 28 January 1982 a representative office was opened in London. The following year 
subsidiaries were set up in Zurich, Frankfurt and New York. 
In 1985 the representative office in London was upgraded to a bank licensed by the Bank of England. A 
representative office was opened in Hong Kong in 1986 and in the same year LGT Bank became a public 
company by offering bearer participation certificates for subscription. In April 1989 the takeover of GT 
Management PLC in London, an internationally active asset management company, was effected. LGT Bank's 
dynamic development, both in Liechtenstein and abroad, coupled with its steady transformation into an 
internationally active financial service company led to the creation of the LGT Group. 
Against the backdrop of rapid, fundamental changes in the asset management industry generated by the merger 
of large asset management companies coupled with ever fiercer competition, LGT Group decided in 1997 to 
change its strategy and sell its Asset Management Division (AMD). The sale of the AMD was successfully 
completed in 1998 and LGT Group was mandated to manage the proceeds from the sale of the AMD by 
applying principles similar to those that define the management of the endowment funds of leading US 
universities. The primary objective of this Princely Portfolio was the long-term preservation of wealth. Instead 
of managing the whole of the Princely Portfolio within the LGT Group, the Liechtenstein Princely Family and 
LGT Group opted for a best-in-class approach. As a result, leading portfolio managers for each asset class 
were identified and given a specific mandate. This decision also marked the birth of LGT Capital Partners, 
LGT Group's current asset management company, which manages the assets of institutional investors. 
This represented a decisive step in the realisation of LGT Group's new strategic vision of focusing on 
international private banking and institutional asset management. Shortly before the end of 1998, a second 
significant step was taken when POLF repurchased almost all outstanding LGT Group bearer participation 
certificates. This measure, tantamount to going private, was also a consequence of the new strategy. 
Privatisation of the company, which began in 1998 and involved the conversion of the holding company from 
an Aktiengesellschaft (joint stock company) into the LGT Foundation, was fully completed by the end of 2001 
and the Liechtenstein Princely Family now owns 100 per cent. of the LGT Group. 
Strategy 
In 1998, LGT Group adopted a strategy that still applies today: an international diversification strategy that 
targets strong growth outside the home market of Liechtenstein in addition to focusing on private banking and 
asset management for institutional investors. In parallel to the establishment of LGT Capital Partners, LGT 
Group strongly expanded in Asia and in Switzerland after the turn of the century. This was followed later by 
further important expansion in the Middle East, Austria and the United Kingdom. For more than 20 years, 
LGT Group has focused exclusively on private banking and asset management. Through the Princely Portfolio 
it still manages a substantial share of the investments of its owner, the Liechtenstein Princely Family. As the 
Liechtenstein Princely Family's family office, LGT Group has acquired wide-ranging experience in the 
management of sizable family fortunes. As a family-run business with a simple and stable ownership structure, 
LGT Group can pursue a long-term and sustainable strategy while at the same time taking entrepreneurial 
decisions quickly and independently. 
LGT Group 
LGT Foundation is the top holding company of LGT Group. LGT Group is an international private banking 
and asset management group that has been fully controlled by the Liechtenstein Princely Family for over 80 
years. As at 31 December 2022, LGT Group managed assets of CHF 287.2 billion for wealthy private 
individuals and institutional clients. LGT Group employs over 4,900 people who work out of more than 25 
locations in Europe, Asia, Australia, the Americas and the Middle East. The principal activities of LGT Group 
are private banking and asset management. 
Private banking and wealth management services for private clients include investment advice and portfolio 
management, trading advice and execution, loan and credit facilities, philanthropy services and impact

--- Page 95 ---
87 
investing as well as wealth planning and family governance. Headquartered in Liechtenstein, LGT private 
banking is present in Australia, Austria, Bahrain, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Japan, Singapore, 
Switzerland, Thailand, the United Arab Emirates and the United Kingdom. LGT Bank (with branches in Hong 
Kong, Vienna, Munich and Dublin), LGT Bank (Switzerland) Ltd., LGT Bank (Singapore) Ltd., LGT Vestra 
LLP, LGT (Middle East) Ltd. and LGT Crestone Wealth Management Ltd. are the main legal entities within 
the private banking unit. These platforms have the principal focus of addressing the specific needs of wealthy 
private clients and offer access to investment services. LGT Bank also manages the financial investments of 
the Liechtenstein Princely Family. GT Private Banking is further strengthening its position with the acquisition 
of abrdn plc's discretionary fund management business as announced at the end of February 2023. 
Asset management provides discretionary investment management of institutional client mandates and 
investment funds (operating under the brand of LGT Capital Partners). LGT Capital Partners is an alternative 
investment specialist with more than 600 institutional clients in 43 countries. An international team of over 
700 professionals is responsible for managing a wide range of investment programs focusing on private 
markets, liquid alternatives and multi-asset class solutions. Headquartered in Pfaeffikon, Switzerland, the firm 
has offices in Australia, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Japan, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, the 
United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom and the United States. 
LGT Financial Services and the group functions are the backbone of the LGT Group. They have facilitated the 
strong growth over the past years, and in some cases have also driven it. IT in particular has always played a 
central role for LGT Group. With the advancement of technology, the importance of IT and the systems and 
processes that are based on it have increased. Securities, payment transactions and investment funds are pivotal 
areas for every bank and play an important role in how satisfied LGT Group customers are with its services. 
The complexity of these functions has increased significantly, in particular for an international organization 
such as LGT Group, but it has nevertheless succeeded in boosting productivity through greater automation. 
Legal and Compliance, but also Tax and Risk Management, have been key in LGT Group's ability to overcome 
the massive changes in the regulatory landscape over the last 15 years. They will continue to have a major 
responsibility for defining its processes and managing the growing risks in its environment. Also important in 
this context is the accounting and financial control function, which has played a central role in LGT Group's 
successful acquisitions. Finally, given the size and growth of LGT Group, Human Resources is also becoming 
of increasing importance. Its role is to ensure that LGT Group attracts, develops and retains excellent 
employees in all functions around the world. 
LGT Group's private ownership and efficient governance facilitate quick and independent decision-making 
based on a long-term perspective with regards to corporate strategy and development. For more than 20 years, 
LGT Group has pursued two strategic priorities: the international expansion and diversification of its private 
banking business, as well as the establishment of a global investment capacity to serve the needs of the 
Liechtenstein Princely Family and of institutional and private clients. To maximise the alignment of interests 
among LGT Group's clients, employees and the shareholder it has been an important part of LGT Group's 
philosophy that the Princely Family and the employees co-invest in a substantial manner alongside clients.  
LGT Group continued to pursue international growth and diversification in Private Banking in 2022. With 
locations in Switzerland, the United Kingdom, Singapore, Hong Kong, Liechtenstein, Austria, the United Arab 
Emirates and Japan, it focuses on attractive private banking hubs with access to growing markets. In 2022, 
LGT Bank established a subsidiary in Germany and opened a Private Banking office in Hamburg, following 
regulatory approvals. The acquisition of Crestone Wealth Management in Australia and the acquisition of 
Validus Wealth in India closed during 2022. 
In June 2022, LGT Private Banking created a group-level governance structure for Europe, Middle East and 
Africa, with the aim of strengthening collaboration in this region and managing further profitable growth more 
effectively. LGT Bank became part of the new EMEA governance structure on 1 January 2023.

--- Page 96 ---
88 
Group reorganisation 
In May 2020 the Foundation Board of LGT Group decided to dissolve the LGT Group structure and that its 
private banking, asset management and impact investing activities would in  the future be conducted by three 
independent, pure-play companies, each in their respective fields. Following this decision, Private Banking 
(LGT Private Banking), Asset Management (LGT Capital Partners) and Impact Investing (Lightrock) are now 
operating in the market as autonomous companies with their own corporate governance. This decision reflects 
the decreasing synergies and the different markets and competitive environments of these businesses. Their 
positioning as independent companies will allow them to develop their strategy in line with their specific needs. 
LGT Private Banking, LGT Capital Partners and Lightrock established operational independence in 2021, 
enabling the companies to define their own strategic direction, and address their respective markets and target 
groups in an even more focused and effective manner. Lightrock was established as a separate legal entity in 
2021. A holding structure will remain in place for LGT Private Banking and LGT Capital Partners until further 
notice.  
Group Management Committee of LGT Group 
H.S.H. Prince Max von und zu Liechtenstein, CEO LGT 
Michael Bürge, CFO LGT 
Olivier de Perregaux, CEO LGT Private Banking 
Dr. Roberto Paganoni, CEO LGT Capital Partners 
Werner von Baum, CRO LGT Capital Partners  
LGT Bank's legal and management structure and balance sheet has not been and will not be affected by this 
reorganisation. 
LGT Bank 
As mentioned above, LGT Bank sits within the private banking division of the LGT Group. Its strategy is to 
provide private banking services to clients in line with the strategy of the LGT Group. 
Regulation and Supervision 
LGT Bank is regulated by the Liechtenstein Law of 21 October 1992 on Banks and Investment Firms (Gesetz 
vom 21. Oktober 1992 über die Banken und Wertpapierfirmen; Bankengesetz, BankG) and the Liechtenstein 
Ordinance of 22 February 1994 on Banks and Investment Firms (Verordnung vom 22. Februar 1994 über die 
Banken und Wertpapierfirmen; Bankenverordnung, BankV). 
Liechtenstein has been a member of the EEA since 1995 and thus enjoys complete freedom of services 
throughout all countries of the EEA. Thanks to Liechtenstein's traditionally close neighbourly economic ties 
and the Customs and Currency Treaty with Switzerland, Liechtenstein financial intermediaries also have 
privileged access to the Swiss economic area. 
Thanks to Liechtenstein's EEA membership, the same legal requirements apply to financial market participants 
in Liechtenstein as in the EU countries. By implementing EU directives (e.g. Capital Requirements Directive, 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive, Markets in Financial Instruments Directive) in a timely and market-
oriented manner, Liechtenstein promotes the competitiveness and attractiveness of the financial centre. 
Liechtenstein has high standards and an effective system for combating money laundering and terrorist 
financing at its disposal (e.g. implementation of 5th EU Anti Money Laundering Directive (including 
establishment of a beneficial ownership register) and implementation of recommendations made following the 
joint IMF/MONEYVAL assessment in 2014). In terms of transparency and tax cooperation, Liechtenstein 
today plays a pioneering role. As an early adopter, Liechtenstein adopted the OECD standard on cooperation 
in tax matters, including the automatic exchange of information, at the earliest possible date in 2016. On the 
occasion of the last OECD peer review in 2022, no deficiencies were identified and Liechtenstein was given 
the top rating "in place". In September 2021 MONEYVAL carried out an on-site evaluation visit in

--- Page 97 ---
89 
Liechtenstein as part of the fifth round of mutual country evaluations, which has been running since 2015. The 
focus of the examination was placed on the effective implementation of the Financial Action Task Force 
(FATF) recommendation and the effectiveness of the measures against money laundering and terrorist 
financing. The results of this assessment were published in June 2022. In an international comparison, 
Liechtenstein received a positive rating and ranked among the five best-rated countries in this evaluation round. 
Liechtenstein has strong, internationally recognised financial market supervision. The Liechtenstein Financial 
Market Authority (FMA) implements the international standards governing the supervision of financial market 
players. The FMA is represented in all European financial market supervisory bodies and important global 
organisations dealing with the supervision and regulation of financial markets. LGT Bank and, on a 
consolidated basis, its top holding company LGT Foundation are both supervised by the FMA. 
LGT Bank is well capitalised. As at 31 December 2022, its capital ratio was 18.8 per cent. of risk weighted 
assets, which is well above the minimum regulatory requirement. LGT Bank's capital is exclusively CET1.  
The CRR and the CRD increased the capital requirements applicable to banks, and imposed other regulatory 
requirements, including the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) which 
are relevant to LGT Bank. 
The liquidity requirement relating to the LCR (which requires credit institutions to maintain certain liquid 
assets for a 30-day period against the background of a stress scenario) is a minimum LCR ratio of 100 per cent.  
The NSFR requires banks to maintain a stable funding profile in relation to their on- and off-balance sheet 
activities, i.e., that long-term assets are covered with sufficient stable funding for one year ahead. The 
minimum requirement relating to the NSFR ratio is 100 per cent.   
The following table summarises certain regulatory capital and liquidity measures of LGT Bank as of 31 
December 2021 and 2022. These regulatory measures have been prepared in accordance with the requirements 
of the CRR and are unaudited: 
 
 
As of 31 December 
In CHF million  
(unaudited) 
 
2021 
2022 
Tier 1 ratio (in %) 
 
19.1 
18.8 
Total capital (exclusively CET1)  
 
2,957.5 
2,995.3 
Total risk weighted assets  
 
15,471.1 
15,938.7 
thereof credit risk (incl. CVA) 
 
13,342.7 
13,670.2 
thereof market risk 
 
777.9 
831.0 
thereof operational risk 
 
1,350.6 
1,437.6 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (in %) 
 
162 
200 
Liquidity buffer 
 
16,041.7 
24,384.3 
Total net cash outflow 
 
9,915.7 
12,219.8 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (in %) 
 
n/a 
229 
Available Stable Funding 
 
n/a 
20,047.8 
Required Stable Funding  
 
n/a 
8,757.5

--- Page 98 ---
90 
Business Activities of LGT Bank 
As a universal bank, LGT Bank is active in the areas of wealth management (commission business and 
services) and trading, as well as in the money market and lending businesses.  
Wealth management 
LGT Bank offers a broad spectrum of products and services that enable clients to choose the best solution to 
suit their needs. Most earnings from commission business and services stem from wealth management services 
provided to clients. The commission business and services also represent LGT Bank's main source of revenue. 
Money market business 
Within the scope of money market business, money in the form of call money (similar to at sight / demand 
deposits), time deposits and fiduciary investments is deposited with the LGT Bank. Insofar as these funds are 
not required for LGT Bank's private banking lending business, they are placed with central banks or invested 
in high quality liquid assets (HQLA) and to some extent placed with third party banks. Despite its focus on 
private banking, interest margin business represents an important earnings stream for the bank.  
Trading business 
LGT Bank operates trading transactions for clients and for its own account in securities, foreign exchange, 
precious metals and derivative instruments. 
Lending business 
Most lending takes the form of Lombard loans and mortgages on residential property. Mortgages are granted 
primarily for financing properties in Liechtenstein and in Switzerland. Property financing in other selected 
countries is offered as part of an integrated wealth management offering. As at 31 December 2022 the share 
of gross non-performing loans (impaired due amounts divided by due from clients) for LGT Bank amounts to 
0.15 per cent. 
Selected profit and loss and other data of LGT Bank 
The following table summarises key items of the profit and loss statement as well key performance indicators 
for LGT Bank as of and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022. Unless otherwise indicated, this 
information has been extracted or derived from the audited annual accounts of LGT Bank as of and for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 and 2022, incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus: 
 
 
As of and for the year ended 
in CHF million (unless otherwise indicated) 
(audited, unless otherwise indicated) 
2021
2022
Net interest income 
178.8
269.9
Net commission and fee income 
418.8
405.7
Income from securities and financial transactions and other ordinary income 
141.6
172.2
Gross operating income 
739.2
847.7
Personnel expenses 
-315.5
-305.1
Operating expenses 
-322.2
-352.2
Total business expense 
-637.7
-657.3

--- Page 99 ---
91 
 
As of and for the year ended 
in CHF million (unless otherwise indicated) 
(audited, unless otherwise indicated) 
2021
2022
Depreciation, amortization, other ordinary expenses, value adjustments and 
provisions (net) 
-29.4
-36.7 
Income tax 
-12.0
-19.7
Profit for the year 
60.2 
134.1
Total client assets (including double counting) (in CHF billion) 
113.6
107.9
Adjusted net asset inflow1 (in CHF billion) (unaudited) 
4.7
7.2
Adjusted net asset inflow1 as % of previous year end total client assets
(unaudited) 
4.7
6.4 
Revenue margin (in bps)2 (unaudited) 
69
77
Cost / income ratio3 (unaudited, in %) 
86.3
77.5
Total Assets (in CHF billion) 
40.5
49.6
Number of employees (full-time equivalent basis) (unaudited) 
1,144
1,189
thereof relationship managers (unaudited) 
273
261
1 
Adjusted net asset inflow is defined as asset inflow of total client assets minus asset outflow of total 
client assets during the period and excluding performance related fluctuations (e.g. pricing changes, 
interest and dividend payments, currency fluctuations), as defined by the Liechtenstein Banking 
Ordinance, and further excluding the effects of acquisitions and disposals during the period. The 
following table shows the reconciliation from adjusted net inflow of total client assets to net asset 
inflow of total client assets as defined by the Liechtenstein Banking Ordinance (data source: internal 
management records of LGT Bank): 
For the year ended 31
December 
in CHF billion  
(unaudited) 
2021 
2022 
Adjusted net inflow of total client assets  
4.7 
7.2 
Adding back the impact of acquisitions and disposals 
- 
- 
Net asset inflow of total client assets (Banking Ordinance) 
4.7 
7.2 
"Adjusted net asset inflow as % of previous year end total client assets" is defined as adjusted net asset 
inflow during the period, as defined above in this footnote, divided by total client assets as of the end 
date of the preceding period, as included in note 45 to the annual accounts of LGT Bank as of and for 
the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022, incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
2 
"Revenue margin (in bps)" is defined as gross operating income for the period divided by the average 
of total client assets at the beginning and the end of the period, as included in the income statement of, 
or, with respect to total client assets, in note 45 to, the annual accounts of LGT Bank as of and for the 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022, incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
3 
"Cost / income ratio" is defined as total business expenses divided by gross operating income for the 
period, each as included in the income statement of the annual accounts of LGT Bank as of and for the 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022, incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 100 ---
92 
Risk Management 
The risk policy complies with internal requirements and guidelines, Liechtenstein Banking Act and Banking 
Ordinance, relevant guidelines of the Liechtenstein Financial Market Authority (FMA) and the European 
Banking Authority as well as the applicable principles of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. The 
Board of Directors has overall responsibility for implementing the risk policy. Whereas the functions of risk 
management are allocated to operational units, the Executive Board is responsible for overall risk control. 
Independent Risk Controlling units oversee the risk-taking activities from a group perspective and monitor 
compliance with the issued provisions. The control of risk is thus conducted outside of and independent of line 
management. 
Risk policies are designed to identify, assess and analyse the different risk categories, to set guidelines and 
appropriate risk limits and controls (risk mitigation) and to monitor the risks and adherence to limits with 
reliable and up-to-date information systems. The effectiveness of the risk policy, risk process and risk 
organisation is regularly reviewed. LGT Bank has identified the following types of risks to which it is exposed: 
Strategic and business risk 
Strategic risk is the danger of losses arising from strategic decisions, changes in the economic and competitive 
environment, inadequate or insufficient implementation of strategic objectives, or lack of capability to adjust 
to changing economic needs. Moreover, it comprises the danger of losses resulting from the dependency on 
highly qualified staff. Business risk arises from unexpected changes in market conditions having a negative 
impact on profitability. 
Market risk 
Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because 
of changes in market prices. Market risks arise from open positions in interest rate, currency, commodity and 
equity products, all of which are exposed to general and specific market movements and changes in the level 
of volatility of market rates or prices such as interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates and 
commodity or equity prices.  
Trading portfolios consist of positions arising from LGT Bank's proprietary trading activities that are primarily 
pursued to support LGT Group's private banking and asset management business. Non-trading portfolios 
primarily arise from the interest rate management of LGT Bank's assets and liabilities. They are an integral 
part of the asset and liability management (ALM) that manages the interest rate risk in the banking book and 
foreign exchange risk. 
Whereas the Trading Committee is responsible for controlling risks resulting from trading activities, the Asset 
and Liability Committee is responsible for controlling the risks associated with changes in interest rates for 
exposures in the banking book. These bodies monitor and restrict the risk positions by means of volume and 
sensitivity guidelines and value at risk limits. An analysis of the aggregate risks and the simulation of worst-
case scenarios are carried out on a regular basis. 
Liquidity and funding risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that LGT Bank may not be able to meet obligations as they fall due or fund increases 
in assets without affecting either its normal daily operations or its financial condition. This can be caused by 
the inability to liquidate assets or to obtain funding. Liquidity risk management primarily aims to establish a 
strong liquidity position by holding sufficient liquid assets and seeking for a stable funding structure to survive 
a number of stress scenarios. This is achieved by attracting a diversified funding base and by maintaining a 
strong and high-quality liquid asset portfolio of cash and marketable securities that can be monetised or 
pledged as collateral in the event of liquidity stress.

--- Page 101 ---
93 
In addition, LGT Group maintains a (group-wide) contingency plan that comprises the monitoring of a range 
of indicators as early warning signs, clear invocation rules and responsibilities as well as action plans to 
manage liquidity stress events of varying severity. 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty of a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligation and 
causes LGT Bank to incur a financial loss. Credit risk exposures arise principally in lending activities that lead 
to loans and advances, and investment activities that bring debt securities and other bills into the asset portfolio. 
Further there is also credit risk in derivative financial instruments and off-balance sheet financial instruments, 
such as loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts. 
Within LGT Group credit risk is primarily incurred by LGT's banking entities. Therefore, the credit risk 
management and control are located in these units. The Group Credit Committee (GCC) together with the 
Chief Credit Officer (CCO) has the overall responsibility for the credit business also including comprehensive 
credit portfolio management as well as credit risk relevant aspects with regard to trading counterparties, 
proprietary books and country exposures. The lending policy is established by internal directives, guidelines 
and written policy papers. These guidelines include: (a) regulations on maximum single credit lines, (b) limits 
on unsecured lending exposures to any one customer or customer group, and (c) strict credit handling 
procedures and internal controls. 
In measuring credit risk of loans and advances to customers and to banks at a counterparty level, LGT assesses 
the probability of default of individual counterparties using internal rating tools. They have been developed 
internally and combine statistical analysis with credit officer judgment and are validated, where appropriate, 
by comparison with externally available rating data. The performance of the rating tools and their predictive 
power with regard to default events are regularly validated. Loans and advances to banks are highly diversified 
with a large number of mainly European banks of prime quality. LGT is closely monitoring these positions 
and applies strict criteria in order to assess whether or not a bank qualifies for lending. 
For debt securities and other bills, external ratings such as S&P or Moody's are used for managing the credit 
risk exposures. The credit function at LGT Bank is responsible for extending counterparty limits, while 
treasury department manages the individual positions within these limits. 
In addition to the limitation of credit exposures of customers or customer groups, LGT Group has restricted 
the group of countries in which credit risks may be incurred. Limits are established for these countries which 
are reviewed by the GCC at least annually. 
LGT Group maintains strict control limits on net open derivative positions. At any time, the amount subject to 
credit risk is limited to the current fair value of instruments that are favourable to LGT Group, which in relation 
to derivatives is only a small fraction of the contract, or notional values used to express the volume of 
instruments outstanding. This credit risk exposure is managed as part of the overall lending limits with 
customers, together with potential exposures from market movements (an add-on factor is calculated 
depending on underlying risks and time to maturity of the contract). 
Settlement risk arises in any situation where a payment in cash or securities is made in the expectation of a 
corresponding receipt in cash. Daily settlement limits are established for each counterparty to cover the 
aggregate of all settlement risk arising from LGT Group's market transactions on any single day. As member 
of the CLS (Continuous Linked Settlement) network LGT Group is able to mitigate major parts of its daily 
settlement risk via forex netting. 
LGT Group has credit commitments in the form of guarantees and standby letters. These credit commitments 
carry the same credit risk as loans, and therefore the same lending criteria and identical limitation processes 
are applied.

--- Page 102 ---
94 
LGT Group systematically manages, limits and controls concentrations of credit risk. As part of the credit risk 
management policy, exposures are structured by placing limits on the amount of risk accepted in relation to 
one borrower, or groups of borrowers, and to geographical segments. The risks and their changes are closely 
monitored on a revolving basis and subject to periodic review. Centralised loan approval procedures ensure a 
consistent lending process.  
Stress testing of securities and property collateral is carried out regularly and on an ad hoc basis if requested 
by management. In addition, ad hoc reports of special events, as well as daily reports of global exposures to 
specific customers, are also provided on request. Detailed reporting ensures that management is constantly 
informed about developing risks. 
In line with the credit policy a major part of LGT Bank's credit exposure is mitigated. The principal collaterals 
used are mortgages over residential properties and charges over financial instruments such as debt securities, 
equities and funds. Upon initial recognition of loans and advances, the fair value of collateral is based on 
valuation techniques commonly used for the corresponding assets. In subsequent periods, the fair value is 
updated by reference to market prices or indexes of similar assets. Because mortgages are granted primarily 
within Liechtenstein and Switzerland, LGT Bank is exposed to the market trends of the real estate sector in 
these countries. For its high net worth private banking clients LGT also offers real estate financing solutions 
in other selected countries such as Austria, France, the UK, Singapore, and Hong Kong. 
When trading derivatives with banking counterparties in the interbank market, LGT Bank uses netting and 
credit support agreements to mitigate credit risk. 
Operational risk 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and 
systems or from external events. This risk can be caused deliberately or accidentally or be of natural origin 
and encompass all elements of the organisation. Operational risks are inherent in all types of products, 
activities, processes and systems. 
The operational risk framework is based on the principles stipulated in the "Principles for the sound 
management of operational risk" issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. The set guidelines 
ensure that risk management takes care of all defined risk categories: 
• 
Internal and external fraud; 
• 
Employment practices and workplace safety; 
• 
Customers, products and business practices; 
• 
Damage to physical assets; 
• 
Business disruption and system failures; and 
• 
Execution, delivery and process management. 
The operational risk measurement approach is based on four dimensions: risk control self-assessments, key 
risk indicators, third party risk management and operational risk events. 
Regulatory risk 
Regulatory risk is the overall risk that a change in law and regulation or non-compliance with them will 
materially impact a security, business, sector or market. A change in law or regulation made by the government 
or a regulatory body can increase the costs of operating a business, reduce the attractiveness of investment 
and/or change the competitive landscape.

--- Page 103 ---
95 
Therefore the regulatory risk management focuses on the early identification of new regulatory requirements, 
the effective adoption of new regulatory requirements within LGT and the implementation of processes and 
procedures to ensure that all business lines permanently meet the respective legal and regulatory requirements. 
Reputational risk 
Ultimately, if risks are not identified, adequately managed and monitored, this may lead to – apart from 
financial losses – reputation being damaged. Reputational risk is defined as the risk of potential damage 
through deterioration of LGT Bank's reputation or due to negative perception of its image among customers, 
counterparties, equity holders and/or regulatory authorities. LGT Bank pursues a holistic reputation risk 
management consisting of both preventive measures and a dedicated crisis management. Preventive measures 
are defined within the code of conduct introduced by LGT Bank. Within the context of crisis management 
LGT Bank has established processes and organisational structures to address crises and specifically trained all 
respective employees in order to ensure rapid and adequate responses to potential crises. 
Employees 
At 31 December 2022, LGT Bank employed 1,189 persons on a full-time equivalent basis (1,144 in the 
previous year). 
Recent Developments and Outlook 
2022 brought major economic and geopolitical challenges. The war in Ukraine took a tragic human toll and 
the conflict caused a surge in energy prices. Inflation spiked globally, as demand rose sharply after Covid-19 
restrictions were eased, and bottlenecks in supply chains persisted. The financial year was defined by the 
reversal of nearly three decades of predominantly falling, or even negative, interest rates. The rate hikes from 
major central banks shook financial markets, with all asset classes seeing substantial losses. Despite these 
challenging conditions, LGT Bank recorded further profitable growth. 
Net interest income increased 51 per cent. year on year to CHF 270 million. This was primarily due to rising 
interest rates in the second half of the year. In wealth management for private clients, LGT Bank’s core 
business, income from services fell 3.7 per cent. to CHF 479 million, as a rise in fees from funds and wealth 
management mandates could not entirely offset a fall in client transaction volume. 
Business expenses rose 3.1 per cent. compared with the prior year to CHF 657 million. Operating expenses 
increased 9.3 per cent. to CHF 352 million, in line with business growth. Personnel expenses fell 3.3 per cent. 
to CHF 305 million on the back of lower variable wage components. 
Overall, LGT Bank recorded gross operating income of CHF 848 million in 2022, which corresponds to an 
increase of CHF 109 million. Gross profit increased by CHF 89 million or 88 per cent. to CHF 190 million. 
Profit for the year was CHF 74 million higher at CHF 134 million. The balance sheet total rose 22 per cent. to 
CHF 49,589 million.  
Client assets of LGT Bank fell 4.9 per cent. to CHF 108 billion, mainly due to market and investment 
performance as well as foreign currency effects. Net asset inflows totalled CHF 7.2 billion.   
LGT Bank is well capitalised. As at year-end 2021, the capital ratio was 19 per cent. (unchanged compared 
with the previous year) of risk-weighted assets. It is well above the minimum regulatory requirement. 
The war in Ukraine directly impacted the performance of certain client portfolios. LGT Bank has not suffered 
credit losses as a result of the war. Its lending policies are n line with those of Swiss and Liechtenstein peers. 
LGT’s credit teams remain in ongoing contact with compliance counterparties regarding updates to 
international sanctions in connection with the Ukraine war. Despite the many challenges, LGT Bank delivered 
good results in 2022, which enables LGT Bank to further invest in strengthening its business. LGT Bank will

--- Page 104 ---
96 
continue to consistently execute its strategy and is confident that it will achieve further solid growth while 
remaining able to offer clients tailored investment solutions for every market scenario. 
Shareholders 
LGT Bank is a wholly owned subsidiary of LGT Group Holding Ltd, which in turn is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of LGT Foundation, the top holding company of LGT Group (ultimate parent of LGT Bank). 
Financial year 
LGT Bank's financial year covers the period from 1 January to 31 December.  
The annual accounts of LGT Bank are prepared in accordance with the Liechtenstein Banking Act and Banking 
Ordinance and applicable provisions of the Liechtenstein PGR. LGT Bank does not prepare consolidated 
accounts because the ultimate parent company of LGT Bank, LGT Foundation, is itself subject to the 
Liechtenstein Banking Act and prepares annual consolidated accounts at group level. 
Board of Directors 
As at 31 December 2022: 
Olivier de Perregaux, Chairman 
Thomas Piske, Member of the Board of Directors 
Gabrielle Nater-Bass, Member of the Board of Directors 
Michael Bürge, Chief Financial Officer 
Roland Schubert, Member of the Board of Directors 
Hans Roth, Member of the Board of Directors 
 
As at 31 March 2023: 
Olivier de Perregaux, Chairman 
Gabrielle Nater-Bass, Member of the Board of Directors 
Michael Bürge, Chief Financial Officer 
Roland Schubert, Member of the Board of Directors 
Stefan Tanner, Member of the Board of Directors 
Hans Roth, Member of the Board of Directors 
The business address of the Directors is Herrengasse, 12, Postfach 85, FL-9490 Vaduz, Fürstentum, 
Principality of Liechtenstein. 
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Issuer of the persons 
listed under "Board of Directors" above and their private interests or other duties. 
Executive Management 
As at 31 December 2022: 
Roland Matt, CEO 
Ivo Klein, Chief Risk Officer 
Markus Werner, Head Intermediary Business 
Mark Steiner, Chief Operating Officer 
Florian Dürselen, Head Private Banking 
As at 31 March 2023: 
Roland Matt, CEO 
Ivo Klein, Chief Risk Officer 
Markus Werner, Head Intermediary Business 
Florian Dürselen, Head Private Banking

--- Page 105 ---
97 
Stephan F. Oehri, Chief Operating Officer 
Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Ltd, Birchstrasse 160, 8050 Zurich, Switzerland have been the auditors for the past 
two financial years. 
Dividends (as a percentage of share capital) 
In 2023 the Issuer paid a dividend of CHF 70.6 million (24.25 per cent. of share capital).  
Loans to Executive Bodies 
Loans to members of the Board of Directors totalled CHF 0.5 million at 31 December 2022. 
Loans to members of the Executive Management totalled CHF 8.3 million at 31 December 2022.

--- Page 106 ---
98 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes in certain countries.  
It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those 
countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which 
countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of 
interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax 
laws of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus 
and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Principality of Liechtenstein   
No Liechtenstein Withholding Taxes 
Under current Liechtenstein tax law, there is no withholding tax on interest payments and repayment of 
principal by the Issuer to the Noteholders. 
Application of Swiss Federal Stamp Duties 
As a result of the customs union between Liechtenstein and Switzerland, certain Swiss Federal Stamp Duties 
apply also in Liechtenstein, including the Swiss securities turnover stamp duty (Umsatzabgabe).  
The sale of the Notes in the primary market (ie the sale and payment prior to the end of the payment date for 
the Notes (Liberierungstag)) is exempt from the Swiss securities turnover stamp duty.  
The sale of the Notes in the secondary market will be subject to Swiss securities turnover stamp duty at an 
aggregate tax rate of up to 0.15 per cent. of the consideration paid on such sale, if: (i) a bank or another 
securities dealer in Switzerland or Liechtenstein, as defined in the Swiss Federal Stamp Tax Act, acts as an 
intermediary or is a party to the transaction; and (ii) no exemption applies. 
Application of the Austrian-Liechtenstein Tax Treaty in respect of Austrian tax residents 
Austrian tax residents may be affected by the Treaty between the Republic of Austria and the Principality of 
Liechtenstein on Cooperation in the Area of Taxation of 29 January 2013 (ASTA) if they are beneficiaries of 
a disregarded entity (a transparent asset structure, including certain foundations and trusts) for the purpose of 
ASTA that holds Notes as part of its financial assets. 
A Liechtenstein paying agent for the purpose of ASTA (in particular, Liechtenstein banks and fiduciaries) of 
a disregarded entity established prior to 1 January 2017 has to withhold tax on certain financial income, 
including interest income, other income and capital gains from the Notes, payable to the disregarded entity if 
the disregarded entity has not previously opted for tax reporting instead of withholding with regard to 
beneficiaries that are tax resident in Austria. 
Taxes in Relation to the Holding of Notes 
Income Tax for Individuals  
Interest payments by the Issuer to Liechtenstein tax resident Noteholders are exempt from personal income tax 
if they hold the Notes as private assets.  Likewise, interest payments by the Issuer to non-Liechtenstein tax 
residents holding the Notes as private assets are not subject to Liechtenstein income tax. 
If Liechtenstein or foreign tax resident individuals hold Notes as part of a Liechtenstein business, interest 
income from the Notes must be included in their profit and loss statement, and any net profit will be subject to 
income tax.

--- Page 107 ---
99 
Wealth Tax for Individuals 
Liechtenstein tax resident Noteholders are required to declare the Notes in their personal tax return.  The fair 
market value of the Notes at the beginning of a calendar year is subject to Liechtenstein wealth tax. 
Corporate Income Tax for Legal Entities 
Legal entities tax resident in Liechtenstein and non-resident legal entities holding Notes as part of a 
Liechtenstein permanent establishment are required to include interest payments from the Issuer in their profit 
and loss statement, and any net profit will be subject to corporate income tax.  Legal entities which are taxed 
in Liechtenstein as private asset structures (Privatvermögensstruktur) are not subject to tax on interest from 
the Notes. 
Legal entities which are not tax resident in Liechtenstein and do not hold Notes as part of a Liechtenstein 
permanent establishment are not subject to Liechtenstein corporate income tax on interest from the Notes. 
Taxes in Relation to a Disposal of Notes 
Income Tax for Individuals 
Liechtenstein resident individuals holding the Notes as private assets are generally exempt from Liechtenstein 
income tax with respect to capital gains realised upon the sale or other disposal of the Notes.  Correspondingly, 
realised capital losses are not tax deductible.  
If Liechtenstein or foreign tax resident individuals hold Notes as Liechtenstein business assets, capital gains 
on the sale or other disposal of the Notes must be included in their profit and loss statement and any net profit 
will be subject to income tax. 
Corporate Income Tax for Legal Entities 
Legal entities tax resident in Liechtenstein and non-resident legal entities holding Notes as part of a 
Liechtenstein permanent establishment are required to include capital gains from a disposal of their Notes in 
their profit and loss statement and any net profit will be subject to corporate income tax.  Legal entities which 
are taxed in Liechtenstein as private asset structures (Privatvermögensstruktur) are not subject to tax on capital 
gains from the Notes. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (each other than Estonia, a participating Member State).  However, Estonia has since 
stated that it will not participate.   
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The issuance and subscription of 
Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State.

--- Page 108 ---
100 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate.  
Prospective Holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA)  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined in FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions 
(including the Principality of Liechtenstein) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in 
which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign 
financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an 
IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication of 
the final regulations defining "foreign passthru payment" and Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six 
months after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are published generally 
would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. 
However, if additional Notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions—Further Issues") that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and 
are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes 
offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders 
should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes. In the 
event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the 
Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 109 ---
101 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Credit Suisse AG, Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A., 
J.P. Morgan SE, UBS Europe SE and Zürcher Kantonalbank and any additional dealers for the Programme 
(together with any other dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer, either generally in relation to the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Series of Notes, the Dealers).  The arrangements under which Notes 
may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a 
dealership agreement dated 31 May 2023 (as amended and/or restated and/or supplemented from time to time 
the Dealership Agreement) and made between the Issuer and the Dealers.   
If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a 
single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of 
distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer 
and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the 
appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  If in the case of any Tranche of Notes 
the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be 
issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the 
relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be 
joint and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers 
which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including 
whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilisation Manager in relation to that 
Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed 
deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription.  The Dealer Agreement 
makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment 
of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche 
of Notes. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) 
as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution 
of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution 
compliance period  relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.   
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.

--- Page 110 ---
102 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(1) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(2) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes.     
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:  
(1) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation; 
(2) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(3) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (1) to (3) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
 
United Kingdom 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering

--- Page 111 ---
103 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(1) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms
 
 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(2) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(1) 
Qualified investors:  at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of the EU Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; 
(2) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the EU Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(3) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the 
FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (1) to (3) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA586 or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that: 
(a) Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated  any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity

--- Page 112 ---
104 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it  in connection with the issue or sale of 
any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) General compliance:  it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Principality of Liechtenstein  
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted for approval to the Liechtenstein Financial Markets Authority. 
Each Dealer represents and agrees that no offer of the Notes has been made or will be made to the public 
(within the meaning of the EU Prospectus Regulation) in the Principality of Liechtenstein and that no offering 
materials relating to the Notes have been, and none may be, distributed in the Principality of Liechtenstein 
except, in each case, under circumstances which will result in compliance with the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
The section headed "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" is applicable in respect of sales to investors 
in Liechtenstein accordingly. 
 
Switzerland 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies otherwise, the Notes may not be publicly offered, 
directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no 
application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral 
trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither the Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA and, unless the Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes specify otherwise, neither the Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating 
to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Belgium  
Any offering of Notes having a maturity of less than 12 months that qualify as money market instruments is 
conducted exclusively under applicable private placement exemptions and this Base Prospectus has therefore 
not been, and it is not expected that it will be, submitted for approval to the Belgian Financial Services and 
Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten en Markten / Autorité des Services et Marchés 
Financiers). Accordingly, no action will be taken and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it shall refrain from taking 
any action that would require the publication of a prospectus pursuant to the Belgian law of 11 July 2018 on 
the offering of investment instruments to the public and the admission of investment instruments to trading on 
a regulated market. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not advertised, offered, sold or delivered and will not advertise, offer, 
sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes to any Belgian Consumers, and that it has not distributed or caused 
to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, any prospectus, memorandum, information 
circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian 
Consumer. For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 
28 février 2013 de droit économique), being any natural person habitually resident or located in Belgium and 
acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
The Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Bearer Notes and Definitive Notes) shall not be physically 
delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository or other institution for the purpose of their 
immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 113 ---
105 
1) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes other than (a) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) (the SFO) and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances 
which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up 
and Miscellaneous Provisions Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
2) it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only 
to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to 
time (the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of 
the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and 
in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or

--- Page 114 ---
106 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the FIEA) and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, and 
will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as 
amended)), except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidance of Japan.  
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in 
all cases at its own expense.  Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes 
are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country 
or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer.  Any such supplement 
or modification may be set out in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 115 ---
107 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme and future updates thereof were authorised by resolutions of the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer passed on 9 April 2019 and 20 May 2020, respectively. The Issuer 
has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
connection with the issue and performance of the Notes.  
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 
12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer.  
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
Since 31 December 2022 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer nor 
any significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer. 
Auditors 
4. 
The financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 
have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Ltd Zürich, Switzerland, who issued reports in respect 
of each such financial statements, as incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, and such 
reports were unqualified. PricewaterhouseCoopers Ltd is a member of EXPERTsuisse - Swiss Expert 
Association for Audit, Tax and Fiduciary (EXPERTsuisse - Schweizer Expertenverband für 
Wirtschaftsprüfung, Steuern und Treuhand).  
Documents on Display 
5. 
Copies of the following documents may be inspected in electronic form at www.lgt.com for 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the Articles of Association and Statutes of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); 
(c) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(d) 
the Programme Manual; and 
(e) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the Issuer's website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of the Euronext Dublin 
(www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
Listing Agent 
6. 
McCann FitzGerald is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to Notes 
issued under the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Notes issued under the Programme

--- Page 116 ---
108 
to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on its regulated market for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Material Contracts 
7. 
No contracts (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) have been entered 
into by the Issuer that are, or may be, material or contain provisions under which the Issuer has an 
obligation or entitlement which is, or may be, material to the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
in respect of the Notes. 
Clearing of the Notes 
8. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The 
appropriate common code, International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), Financial Instrument 
Short Name (as updated, as set out on the website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN, (FISN)) and Classification of Financial Instruments (as updated, as set out on the website of the 
ANNA or alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN, (CFI)) code (as applicable) in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have 
accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Issue Price and Yield 
9. 
Notes may be issued at any price.  The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms.  In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may 
include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant 
Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates 
have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the relevant Final Terms will be calculated as of the 
relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
10. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 7KDSOB6Z0X4S67TMX170. 
Conflicts of Interest 
11. 
Certain of the Dealers have, directly or indirectly through affiliates, provided investment and 
commercial banking, financial advisory and other services to the Issuer and its affiliates from time to 
time, for which they have received monetary compensation.  Certain of the Dealers may from time to 
time also enter into swap and other derivative transactions with the Issuer and its affiliates.  In addition, 
certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may in the future engage in investment banking, commercial 
banking, financial or other advisory transactions with the Issuer or its affiliates. 
Validity of Base Prospectus and Base Prospectus supplements  
12. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 117 ---
109 
 
REGISTERED AND PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
LGT Bank AG 
Herrengasse 12 
9490 Vaduz 
Principality of Liechtenstein  
ARRANGERS 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstrasse2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Credit Suisse AG 
Paradeplatz 8 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany  
 
Zürcher Kantonalbank 
Bahnhofstrasse 9 
CH-8001 Zurich 
Switzerland

--- Page 118 ---
110 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt 
Germany 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
 
McCann FitzGerald 
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2 D02 X576 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Ltd 
Birchstrasse 160 
8050 Zurich 
Switzerland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
To the Dealers 
as to English law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
as to Liechtenstein law 
Marxer & Partner Rechtsanwälte  
Attorneys at Law 
Heiligkreuz 6 
9490 Vaduz 
Liechtenstein