--- Page 1 ---
580731022 
 
This document constitutes the Base Prospectus of Lonza Finance International NV for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
 
 
LONZA FINANCE INTERNATIONAL NV 
(incorporated in Belgium as a société anonyme/naamloze vennootschap, having its registered office at Rijksweg 11, 2800 Bornem, Belgium and 
registered with the Belgian Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under number 0736.673.428, RPR/RPM Antwerp, division Mechelen)  
 
 €8,000,000,000  
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
guaranteed by 
 
Lonza Group AG 
(a stock corporation organised under Swiss law) 
 
Under the Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), Lonza Finance International NV (the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Notes guaranteed by Lonza Group AG (the “Guarantee” and the “Guarantor”, respectively) (the “Notes”). The aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €8,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme for the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”) and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market (the “Market”). References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being 
“listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and have been admitted to trading on the Market. The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments, as amended (“MiFID II”). The applicable Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify 
whether or not such Notes will be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market (or any other stock exchange). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg Act relating to 
prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129, the "Luxembourg  Law"). The 
CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the economic and financial soundness of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus 
pursuant to Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to “consumers” (consumenten/consommateurs) within 
the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique) dated 28 February 2013, as amended from time to time (the “Belgian Code of Economic 
Law”). 
Each Series (as defined in “General Description of the Programme – Method of Issue”) of Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian companies and associations code (Code 
des sociétés et des associations / Wetboek van vennootschappen en verenigingen) dated 23 March 2019, as amended from time to time and cannot be physically delivered. The Notes will be represented 
exclusively by a book-entry in the records of the settlement system operated by the National Bank of Belgium (the “NBB”) or any successor thereto (the “NBB-SSS”). Access to the NBB-SSS is available 
through those of its NBB-SSS participants whose membership extends to securities such as the Notes. NBB-SSS participants include Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear Bank”), Clearstream Banking A.G. 
(“Clearstream”), SIX SIS AG (“SIX SIS”), Monte Titoli S.p.A. (“Euronext Securities Milan”), Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários 
S.A. (“Euronext Securities Porto”), Euroclear France SA (“Euroclear France”) and LuxCSD S.A. (“LuxCSD”). Accordingly, the Notes will be eligible for clearance through, and will therefore be accepted 
by, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France and LuxCSD. Investors who are not NBB-SSS participants can hold their Notes within 
securities accounts in Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France, LuxCSD or the other direct or indirect participants of the NBB-SSS. 
The Notes may only be held by, and may only be transferred to, eligible investors referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax (“Eligible Investors”) 
holding their Notes in an exempt account that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant in the NBB-SSS. 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or any U.S. state securities laws and, unless so registered, 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) except pursuant to an exemption 
from or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable U.S. state securities laws. 
Tranches of Notes (as defined in “General Description of the Programme – Method of Issue”) to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating 
will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not a 
rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA 
Regulation”) will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months until 28 April 2024. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new 
factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period. A copy of this Base Prospectus will also be published on the website of the Issuer at https://www.lonza.com. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Arranger 
 
 
J.P. Morgan 
 
 
Dealers 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Credit Suisse 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
UBS Investment Bank 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 28 April 2023.

--- Page 2 ---
580731022 
ii 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The Issuer and the Guarantor (the “Responsible Person(s)”) accept responsibility for the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantor the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms is in accordance with the facts and this Base 
Prospectus as completed by Final Terms makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference 
(see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in this Base 
Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, any information or representation not so 
contained must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, any of 
the Dealers, the Trustee or the Issuing and Paying Agent (each as defined in “General Description of the 
Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under 
any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that the information contained in it or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Arranger or the Dealers accepts any responsibility for the 
contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a 
Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the issue and offering of the Notes. The 
Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or 
otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any 
such statement. 
Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any environmental and sustainability 
assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or makes any representation, warranty or assurance whether, in 
whole or in part, such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such “green” or 
similar labels. Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers is responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes 
issued as Green Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. No representation or assurance is 
given by the Arranger or the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any third 
party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor is any such opinion or 
certification a recommendation by the Arranger or any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event 
any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated “green”, “environmental”, 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given by the Arranger or the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained 
or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or 
other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should 
purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. None of the Arranger or the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise

--- Page 3 ---
580731022 
iii 
 
any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Arranger 
or the Dealers. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine 
the suitability of the investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:  
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any applicable 
supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s 
currency;  
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and  
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
OFFER RESTRICTIONS 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offering of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this 
Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger and the Dealers to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
For a description of further restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus, see 
“Subscription and Sale” below. 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II product 
governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for

--- Page 4 ---
580731022 
iv 
 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by the 
PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS IN BELGIUM – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any consumer 
(consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch 
recht/Code de droit économique), as amended, in Belgium. 
ELIGIBLE INVESTORS ONLY – The Notes may be held only by, and transferred only to, eligible investors 
referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax 
(“Eligible Investors”) holding their securities in an exempt securities account that has been opened with a 
financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant in the NBB-SSS. 
NOTICE TO INVESTORS IN SWITZERLAND – The Notes may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, 
directly or indirectly, into or from Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services 
of 15 June 2018, as amended (the “FinSA”) and will not be admitted to trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange or 
any other trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is 
understood pursuant to the relevant provisions of the FinSA and may not comply with the information standards

--- Page 5 ---
580731022 
v 
 
required thereunder, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other marketing material relating to the Notes may 
be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering and marketing material relating to the offering, the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or the Notes have been or will be filed with or approved by a Swiss review body pursuant to article 
52 of the FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority. The Notes are not subject to the approval of, or supervision 
by, any Swiss regulatory authority, e.g. the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (“FINMA”), 
and investors in the Notes will not benefit from protection or supervision by such authority. 
NOTICE TO INVESTORS IN CANADA – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers in Ontario, Alberta and 
British Columbia purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined 
in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and 
are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and 
Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, 
or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation 
in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if 
this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies 
for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities 
legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the 
securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal 
adviser. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme – Method of 
Issue”), the Dealer(s) (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or any 
person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on 
behalf of any Stabilisation Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on 
or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made 
and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on 
behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, “forward-looking statements”. These 
forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms 
“believes”, “estimates”, “plans”, “projects”, “anticipates”, “expects”, “intends”, “may”, “will” or “should” or, in 
each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, 
objectives, goals, future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not 
historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Base Prospectus and include, but are not

--- Page 6 ---
580731022 
vi 
 
limited to, statements regarding the intentions of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor, beliefs or current expectations 
concerning, among other things, the business, results of operations, financial position and/or prospects of the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and 
circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the financial position 
and results of operations of the Group, and the development of the markets and the industries in which members 
of the Group operate, may differ materially from those described in, or suggested by, the forward-looking 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus. In addition, even if the Group’s results of operations and financial 
position, and the development of the markets and the industries in which the Group operates, are consistent with 
the forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus, those results or developments may not be 
indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. A number of risks, uncertainties and other factors 
could cause results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking 
statements. See “Risk Factors” below. 
GENERAL 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (“EURIBOR”), Euro Short-term Rate (“€STR”), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) or the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus (i) European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) appears in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(“ESMA”) under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (as amended, the “EU Benchmark Regulation”) 
and (ii) the European Central Bank (as administrator of €STR), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as 
administrator of SOFR) and the Bank of England (as administrator of SONIA) do not appear on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation. As far as the Issuer and the Guarantor are aware, the European Central Bank (as administrator of 
€STR), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as administrator of SOFR) and the Bank of England (as 
administrator of SONIA) are not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. 
Unless otherwise specified or the context requires references to “euro”, “EUR” and “€” are to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of the European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on 
the functioning of the European Union, and references to “Swiss francs” and “CHF” are to the lawful currency 
of Switzerland. 
Unless otherwise specified or the context requires, references herein to “Lonza”, the “Group” and the “Lonza 
Group” are to the Guarantor and its subsidiaries.

--- Page 7 ---
580731022 
vii 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................................ 1 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................... 6 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE....................................................................................... 33 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................................... 36 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR .......................................................................................................... 38 
USE OF PROCEEDS .......................................................................................................................................... 57 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................ 58 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................. 104 
CLEARING ...................................................................................................................................................... 116 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT ....................................................................................................................... 117 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................................... 118 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .......................................................................................................................... 128 
INDEPENDENT AND STATUTORY AUDITORS ......................................................................................... 133 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES ........................................................................................... 134 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................ 136

--- Page 8 ---
580729450 
1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 21(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the more detailed information contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Capitalised terms 
used herein and not otherwise defined have the respective meanings given to them in the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” (the “Conditions”). 
Issuer: 
Lonza Finance International NV  
Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer: 
549300AS6XQBD4ETT379  
Guarantor: 
Lonza Group AG 
Legal Entity Identifier of the 
Guarantor: 
549300EFW4H2TCZ71055  
Website of the Issuer / Guarantor: 
https://www.lonza.com1 
Description: 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Size: 
Up to €8,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. 
Arranger: 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Credit Suisse International 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC Continental Europe  
ING Bank N.V.  
J.P. Morgan SE 
UBS AG London Branch 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to “Permanent 
Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) 
and references to “Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all 
persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Trustee: 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Issuing and Paying Agent: 
Citibank Europe plc 
 
1  The information on https://www.lonza.com does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus

--- Page 9 ---
580729450 
2 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having 
one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, 
where necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions and, 
save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of 
interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to 
the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed 
in the final terms (the “Final Terms”). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount.  
Form of Notes: 
 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance 
with the Belgian companies and associations code (Code des 
sociétés et des associations / Wetboek van vennootschappen en 
verenigingen) dated 23 March 2019, as amended from time to 
time (the “Code”) via the book-entry system maintained in the 
records of the securities settlement system operated by the NBB 
or any successor thereto. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
requirements (including the rules of the NBB-SSS), Notes may be 
issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the relevant Dealers.  
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory requirements. 
Specified Denomination: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, save that: (i) the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency; (ii) the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency); and (iii) unless otherwise permitted 
by then current laws and regulations, Notes which have a 
maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the UK or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA will have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes will constitute (subject to Condition 3) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu 
and without any preference among themselves and (subject to 
Condition 3) at least equally with all other present and future

--- Page 10 ---
580729450 
3 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, as 
further described in Condition 2. 
Status of the Guarantee:  
The payment obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee 
will constitute (subject to Condition 3) unconditional and 
irrevocable obligations of the Guarantor and shall at all times 
rank (subject to Condition 3) at least equally with all other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Guarantor, as further described in Condition 2. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows:  
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating either 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.; or 
(ii) 
by reference to EURIBOR, €STR, SOFR or SONIA (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) as adjusted for 
any applicable margin and subject to the benchmark 
discontinuation provisions set out in Condition 4(j) or 
Condition 4(k), as the case may be. 
Interest periods will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”) may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different 
rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set 
out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating 
the redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then 
current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes 
denominated in sterling) which have a maturity of less than one 
year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted 
by the Issuer in the UK or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Optional Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether the Notes may be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer 
(either in whole or in part) and/or the holders, and if so the terms

--- Page 11 ---
580729450 
4 
applicable to such redemption. In addition, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, if a Change of Control Put Event occurs, 
a holder of a Note will have the option to require the Issuer to 
redeem such Note at the Change of Control Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “—Optional Redemption” above, Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity 
only for taxation reasons. See Condition 5(c). 
Events of Default: 
The Notes will be subject to certain events of default including 
(among others) non-payment of principal or interest for a period 
of 14 days, failure to perform or comply with any of the other 
obligations in respect of the Notes or the Trust Deed, cross-
acceleration and certain events relating to bankruptcy and 
insolvency of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary, as further described in Condition 8. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Conditions include a negative pledge, as further described 
in Condition 3. 
Withholding Tax: 
 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of the Notes or under the 
Guarantee shall be made without withholding or deduction for, 
or on account of, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by the Kingdom of Belgium or Switzerland or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders of 
such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, subject to certain 
exceptions, as further described in Condition 7. 
Governing Law: 
The Trust Deed (except clause 4), the Agency Agreement (except 
the Schedule) and the Notes (except Condition 1 and Condition 
10(a)) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them, are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law.  
Clause 4 of the Trust Deed, the Schedule to the Agency 
Agreement and Condition 1 and Condition 10(a) of the Notes 
(and any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or in 
connection therewith) shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Belgian law. 
Clearing and Settlement: 
 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form and will be 
represented exclusively by a book entry in the records of the 
NBB. Access to the NBB-SSS is available through those of the 
participants in the NBB-SSS whose membership extends to 
securities such as the Notes. Participants in the NBB-SSS 
include Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext 
Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France 
and LuxCSD and through other financial intermediaries which

--- Page 12 ---
580729450 
5 
in turn hold their Notes through Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, 
SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, 
Euroclear France and LuxCSD. Accordingly, the Notes will be 
eligible to clear through, and therefore be accepted by, Euroclear 
Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, 
Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France and LuxCSD and 
investors can hold their interests in the Notes within securities 
accounts in Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext 
Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France, 
LuxCSD or the other direct or indirect participants in the NBB-
SSS. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the 
Programme on the Official List and to admit them to trading on 
the Market or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and references to listing shall be construed accordingly. 
As specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Series of Notes may 
be unlisted. 
Ratings: 
Tranches of Notes to be issued will be rated or unrated. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Notes 
already issued. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The United States, the EEA, the UK, the Kingdom of Belgium, 
the Republic of Italy, Switzerland, Singapore, Hong Kong and 
Canada. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
Category 2 selling restrictions will apply to the Notes for the 
purposes of Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Risk Factors: 
For a discussion of certain risk factors relating to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Notes that prospective investors should 
carefully consider prior to making an investment in the Notes, 
see “Risk Factors”.

--- Page 13 ---
580729450 
6 
RISK FACTORS  
In purchasing the Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor may become insolvent or 
otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes and the Guarantee (as applicable). There is 
a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer and/or the Guarantor becoming 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes and the Guarantee (as applicable). 
The following is a description of risk factors which are specific to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Notes and/or the 
Guarantee and which are deemed to be material to investors for taking an informed decision in respect of  Notes 
issued under the Programme and the financial situation of the Issuer and the Guarantor, and which may affect 
the Issuer's or the Guarantor's ability to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes and/or the Guarantee.  
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent material risks inherent in 
investing in the Notes, but the inability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to fulfil its obligations under the Notes or 
the Guarantee, respectively, may occur for other reasons that may not be considered material risks by the Issuer 
and the Guarantor based on information currently available to them or that they may not currently anticipate. 
The below information is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all potential risks associated with an investment 
in the Notes. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making 
any investment decision and consult with their own professional advisers (if they consider it necessary). 
Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall bear the meaning ascribed to them in the “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
1. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S AND GUARANTOR'S ABILITY TO 
SATISFY THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE, AS 
APPLICABLE 
The Group is subject to many risks and uncertainties that may materially adversely affect its financial 
performance. The business, results of operation or financial condition of the Group could be materially adversely 
affected by the following risks: 
The Group plans to continue to make investments in additional production capacity in order to implement its 
growth strategy and there can be no assurance that it will achieve the return it expects in connection with these 
investments in its expected timeframe. 
Production facilities in the industry in which the Group operates require significant capital expenditure and 
continuous investment in modernisation and expansion measures. The Group expects to make additional 
investments in order to execute its strategies but there is no guarantee that it will be successful in the execution of 
such strategies in the Group's expected timeframe. The Group may require additional financial resources to fund 
its planned investments in the medium to long term, which may be difficult to obtain, or may result in higher 
costs. Even if adequate financial resources are available, materials to construct any facilities may not be available 
or may be prohibitively expensive due to supply chain considerations and personnel may not be available to 
construct or to operate the facilities. Furthermore, it takes time for newly constructed facilities or the expansion 
of existing facilities to become fully operational, as supply chains need to be established, logistics need to be built 
up, potential customers need to audit production quality and customer relationships need to be established. Any 
new facilities or expansions of existing facilities may add significant fixed costs to the Group's cost base and may 
reduce the Group's margins and profitability over the longer term to the extent such facilities are unable to reach 
and maintain a sufficiently high rate of utilisation.  
Due to the uncertain nature of such investments, there can be no assurance that the Group will achieve the return 
it expects in connection with these investments. Moreover, if the Group misjudges market developments or the 
life cycles of its products, services and technologies or the products of its customers, or if it underestimates the 
rate at which its competitors are expanding their production capacity, this may create excess production capacity

--- Page 14 ---
580729450 
7 
that cannot be utilised as planned. Any such excess capacity may have negative consequences on product pricing 
or volumes. In addition, investments in production capacity may be unsuccessful if the Group's products, services 
and technologies turn out to be uncompetitive or otherwise fail to generate the anticipated results. Any unnecessary 
increase in production capacity and any inefficiencies resulting from the expansion of its production capacity 
could materially decrease the Group's margins and require substantial impairments. Any of the foregoing could 
have material adverse effects on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group's markets, in particular those with higher profit margins, may become more intensely competitive, 
and may be characterised by significant pricing and margin pressure.  
The Group faces, and the Group will face, significant competition in each of its market segments. Competition is 
driven by proprietary technologies and know-how, as well as quality and performance, consistency, price, ability 
to scale manufacturing, customer support, regulatory approvals and new product development.  
The Group's markets, in particular those with higher profit margins, may become more intensely competitive, 
which could lead to significant pricing and margin pressure. The major factors that could influence the relative 
competitive situation are competitors' ability to innovate and improve production processes and technologies and 
deploy research and development expenditures effectively, the results of their efforts to do so and the effects of a 
range of regional factors on production costs, including lower wages in developing countries, less stringent 
environmental and labour regulations, and favourable exchange rates.  
The Group's existing competitors could intensify efforts to increase their respective market shares by reducing 
their margin expectations and/or by increasing their capacity, which may result in higher supply and lower price 
levels, and may enable competitors to offer products, services and technologies at lower prices, leading in turn to 
downward pressure on the Group's margins. Some of the Group's competitors may be able to manufacture products 
more economically or may have greater financial resources than the Group, which may enable them to invest 
significantly more capital into their businesses, including expenditures on research and development. If these 
investments prove successful, they could result in a competitive disadvantage for the Group.  
Furthermore, new competitors may enter the markets in which the Group operates. Generally, both new and 
existing competitors may offer their products, services and technologies at lower prices to defend or gain market 
share, which could put pressure on the Group's margins. Changes in exchange rates could also facilitate market 
entry for competitors with functional currencies other than the Swiss franc or could adversely affect the Group's 
cost position vis-à-vis its competitors. In addition, competitors could benefit from favourable tax regimes or 
additional governmental grants and subsidies. Further, substitute products, services and technologies may become 
more attractive, for example due to a price decrease or better availability of the substitute product, service or 
technology, and lead to reduced demand for the Group's products, services and technologies. 
The Group's business may also be affected by increasing competition at the level of its customers. For instance, 
competition faced by the Group's customers may lead to declining prices for their products, which may in turn 
lead them to pressure the Group to reduce its prices or may cause customers to discontinue certain products for 
which the Group provides inputs. This could result in excess capacity at the Group's production facilities and 
could adversely affect its sales and margins. Any of the foregoing could have material adverse effects on the 
Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group is dependent on, and the Group will be dependent on, the availability of energy, raw materials and 
consumables and any shortages or price increases may lead to production interruptions and/or increases in 
production costs and may also limit the Group's ability to grow its business. 
The Group's production processes are dependent on the availability of various energy sources, raw materials and 
consumables. The Group relies on a number of third-party suppliers and other business partners to provide it with 
these raw materials, consumables and energy inputs. Although the Group sources most of its raw materials and 
consumables from multiple suppliers, some of its raw materials and consumables are sourced from either very 
few suppliers or single suppliers. While the Group generally believes that it can maintain access to affordable and

--- Page 15 ---
580729450 
8 
reliable sources of energy to manufacture its products, the cost and supply of energy is subject to many factors 
outside of the Group's control. In particular, energy supplies and the cost of energy in the Eurozone may be 
significantly and severely impacted due to the conflict in Ukraine. Supply problems, whether caused by the 
COVID-19 pandemic, transportation issues or armed conflict, with one or more of these suppliers may lead to 
specific raw materials and consumables becoming unavailable for some time and could jeopardise the Group's 
business. 
Furthermore, the Group may not be able to successfully manage price fluctuations, and in particular inflationary 
fluctuations, for certain components and materials and increases in the cost of raw materials and semi-finished 
products that cannot be passed on to customers through corresponding price increases or otherwise compensated 
for may result in reduced margins for the Group. Even if cost increases are passed on to customers, the Group 
may face decreased demand and lower sales volumes if customers seek substitutes for the Group's products, 
services or technologies or if demand for those customers' products is impacted by any price increases that are 
passed on to end users. In addition, the Group may be required to keep additional inventory on hand to meet 
customer demand.  If customers fail to order such inventory in amounts as predicted by the Group, the Group may 
be left with additional inventory it cannot sell or sell on the terms and conditions customary with the sale of such 
products, particularly in light of the broad impacts of the conflict in Ukraine and the uncertain rate of economic 
recovery from the Covid-19 pandemic.  
In addition, certain of the Group's customers supply material such as active pharmaceutical ingredients (“APIs”) 
and health and nutrition product ingredients to the Group which are required for completion of such customers' 
products. If there are delays in receipt of materials such as APIs or health and nutrition product ingredients, or if 
these materials fail to satisfy applicable quality standards, the Group's results of operations may be impacted. 
The challenges and risks the Group will face may become even more significant as the Group endeavours to 
expand its business, requiring additional and new raw materials, consumables and energy inputs. Decisions to 
invest in new production facilities may be delayed due to sourcing and supply chain problems or inability to access 
energy in an affordable or reliable manner. The Group may also be unable to find or establish relationships with 
new suppliers in locations where it plans to ramp up production and may otherwise be prevented from growing 
its business as desired. 
In addition to these risks, governmental regulations, environmental laws and regulations, increasing demand for 
raw materials or energy from competitors or other third parties and the effects of supplier consolidation may also 
lead to temporary or permanent shortages of raw materials or energy. Any such shortages may lead to production 
interruptions, increases in production costs or even structural change within the industries in which the Group 
operates. Any of the foregoing could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects.  
The Group may face capacity constraints, driven by strong demand, disruptions at its production facilities or 
other factors, which could compromise its ability to meet customer demand for its products, services and 
technologies.  
The Group may face capacity constraints to the extent it is unable to anticipate customer demand for its products, 
services and technologies, as well as customers who may not properly forecast demand of their own products also 
resulting in requests beyond the Group's capacity. The Group may also experience disruptions at its production 
facilities, which could result in shortfalls in production or an increase in the Group's costs. In the case of equipment 
malfunctions, sterility variances or failures, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with 
raw materials, microbial or viral contamination, environmental factors and damage to, or loss of, manufacturing 
operations due to fire, flood, earthquakes or other catastrophic events, the Group may be required to halt 
production of certain batches or products or shut down the affected production facilities. This has in the past led, 
and in the future could lead, among other things, to damage to customer relations, lost revenue and earnings, 
increased costs, reimbursements to customers for lost profits, additional time and expense spent investigating the 
cause and, depending on the cause, similar losses with respect to other batches or products.

--- Page 16 ---
580729450 
9 
Any of the foregoing could cause the Group to lose market share, which could have material adverse effects on 
the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group has engaged in acquisitions and divestitures of businesses, companies and equity interests in 
companies in the past, and the Group may engage in acquisition activities or divestitures in the future, and 
there can be no assurance that such acquisitions or divestitures will yield the desired results. 
In the past, the Group has engaged in acquisitions and divestitures of businesses, companies and equity interests 
in companies. The Group continually evaluates possible acquisitions and divestitures, and therefore considers it 
probable that acquisition activities or divestitures will occur in the future. 
Acquisitions take up management attention and resources, and may expose the Group to potential risks and 
liabilities, both in relation to undertaking the acquisition process (for example, as the Group may be required to 
obtain financing or competition approval) but also by potentially bringing into the Group historical risks and 
liabilities of the target (including but not limited to regulatory compliance and environmental liabilities, which are 
notable in the industry in which the Group operates). The Group may also be more likely to be exposed to risks 
and liabilities in the context of acquisitions because it seeks to expand its operations into new jurisdictions, where 
the Group may be less familiar with relevant conditions. Any failure to successfully integrate acquisitions into the 
Group may also result in the loss of key customers, or the failure to realise anticipated financial benefits. 
Divestitures also take up management attention and resources. In addition, proposed divestitures that fail to 
complete may result in a negative impact on customer relationships and the continued presence in the Group of 
loss-making or under-performing divisions. Completed divestitures, such as the disposal of Lonza Specialty 
Ingredient, may expose the Group to potential liabilities such as in connection with completion adjustments, 
warranty claims and potential litigation. 
Given that it is probable that the Group will undertake an acquisition or divestiture in the future, it is likely that 
the Group will be exposed to the risks noted above. To the extent these risks materialise, or liabilities arise, this 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects.  
The major sources of the Group's revenues are concentrated among a limited number of products groups and 
customers. If the market for these products groups changes, or if customers benefit from increased negotiating 
power, the Group's revenues may decline.  
Certain markets in which the Group offers its products, services and technologies are characterised by a small 
number of major customers, and that segment depends on contracts with a relatively small number of customers 
for a large percentage of its revenues. 
Moreover, the markets in which the Group currently operates may evolve, for example as a result of consolidation 
among customers, which could result in increasing customer concentration. Any customer concentration which 
results in customers using their power to exert pressure on the Group's prices may adversely affect profitability, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects.  
Demand for the Group's products, patents, services and technologies depends significantly on its customers' 
research and development activities and the market success of its products, as well as outsourcing trends.  
The Group engages in the custom development and manufacturing of pharmaceuticals and biological APIs, 
advanced cell culture therapies and other lifesaving and life-enhancing treatments. The level of research and 
development spending of the Group's customers may influence the Group's results of operations. Customer 
spending on research and development is dependent on, among other things, available resources, including relative 
levels of demand for customers' existing products and the relevant customer's need to develop new products, 
which is driven by factors such as competitors' research and development initiatives and the anticipated market 
uptake for specific products. The Group faces risks that:

--- Page 17 ---
580729450 
10 
• 
the Group's customers may not develop new commercial products incorporating the Group's 
products, services or technologies, and  
• 
the Group may not be able to successfully develop new products, services or technologies that 
would be attractive to its existing or future customers. 
In addition, consolidation in the industries in which the Group's customers operate may have an impact on such 
spending as customers integrate acquired operations, including research and development departments, and 
budgets. A reduction in spending by customers could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
Successful research and development of pharmaceutical products is difficult, expensive and time-consuming. 
Many product candidates fail to reach the market. The Group's success will depend in part on the discovery and 
the successful commercialisation of products by its customers that can utilise the Group's products, services or 
technologies. However, the Group does not control the efforts of its customers to successfully commercialise their 
products such as, for example, the Group's customers' decision to invest sufficient capital in those products or to 
abandon the marketing of those products. If such products fail to reach the commercial market, the Group's 
revenues will be adversely affected. The Group's ongoing investments in research and development could result 
in higher costs without a proportionate increase in revenues. 
Even if products using the Group's products, services or technologies appear promising during various stages of 
development, there may not be successful commercial applications developed for them for a number of reasons, 
including: 
• 
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the “FDA”), the European Medicines Agency, 
Swissmedic, the Chinese Food and Drug Administration, the Pharmaceuticals and Medical 
Devices Agency of Japan, another regulatory body or an institutional review board, or the Group's 
pharmaceutical company customers may delay or halt clinical trials; 
• 
the Group's pharmaceutical company customers may face a slower than expected rate of patient 
recruitment and enrollment in clinical trials; 
• 
the Group's customers' products may be found to be ineffective or cause harmful side effects, or 
may fail during any stage of pre-clinical testing or clinical trials; 
• 
the Group's customers may find that certain products using the Group's products, services or 
technologies cannot be manufactured on a commercial scale and, therefore, may not be 
economically viable to produce; 
• 
the Group's customers may determine that third-party payers, such as government programs or 
private insurance plans and healthcare networks, are unwilling or unable to provide coverage and 
reimbursement at an economically attractive level, if at all, for products under development; and/or 
• 
products that use the Group's products, services or technologies could fail to obtain regulatory 
approval or, if approved, fail to achieve market acceptance or be precluded from commercialisation 
by proprietary rights of third parties. 
The Group's customers depend on successful marketing of their products to such customers' end users. Obtaining 
marketing authorisation is inherently a difficult and uncertain process, particularly for new or novel drugs or 
products and the Group cannot control the marketing efforts of its customers.  As a result, the Group's customers 
may fail to obtain marketing authorisation for products as a result of regulatory changes or otherwise. Many of 
the Group's customers operate in competitive industries with competitors who have large research and 
development and marketing budgets. Technological developments or improvements in manufacturing, research 
and development or other marketing or product processes may permit competitors of the Group's customers to 
offer and market products, services and technologies at lower prices or on a faster timetable than the Group's

--- Page 18 ---
580729450 
11 
customers. Any of the foregoing could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects. 
Furthermore, the Group's business models and sales depend on dual-sourcing and outsourcing trends in their 
respective industries. If the current industry trend towards dual-sourcing and outsourcing certain drug 
development, manufacturing and delivery technologies were to slow or reverse, this could adversely affect the 
sales of the Group's business, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results 
of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
The Group allocates funds in the development of new products, services and technologies and the lack of 
customer acceptance, any failure to successfully develop such products, services and technologies, or any 
delays in development, could adversely affect the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition 
and prospects. 
The Group depends on its continued ability to develop or implement the development of new products, services 
and technologies and to then successfully commercialise such products, services and technologies to their 
customers. However, the Group's products, services and technologies may not gain acceptance among the Group's 
customers. The degree of market acceptance of any new product, service or technology will depend on a number 
of factors, any of which could cause any new product or technology not to receive market acceptance, including, 
but not limited to, the effectiveness of the customers' marketing strategy, demonstration of the clinical efficacy 
and safety of the product, service or technology, pricing and cost-effectiveness, shift in patient or consumer 
preferences, the strength of offerings by competitors of the Group or its customers and the distribution support 
such offerings receive.  
The Group may also fail to successfully expand or improve its portfolio of products, services and technologies or 
may lack the capacity to invest the required level of human, financial or other resources in the development of 
new products, services and technologies. In addition, although the Group seeks to maintain close and cooperative 
relationships with its customers, it may be unable to maintain these relationships in the future at a level that would 
enable the Group to effectively identify customer needs and to develop customised solutions.  
Without successful development of new products, services and technologies, the Group could lose a portion of its 
sales. The Group may commit errors or misjudgements in its planning and may misallocate resources, for instance, 
by developing products, services and technologies that require large investments in production processes but that 
are not commercially viable. 
Furthermore, the Group's competitors may develop new products, services and technologies, or may improve on 
existing products, services and technologies to the detriment of the Group. In addition, given the rapidly changing 
regulatory environment in which the Group will operate, the market for a newly developed product, service or 
technology may cease to exist. Any of the foregoing could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The products, services and technologies the Group provides are highly exacting and complex, and if the Group 
encounters problems providing them or any support that is required, its business could suffer. 
The products, services and technologies the Group provides are highly exacting and complex. From time to time, 
problems may arise in connection with facility operations or during preparation or provision of a product, service 
or technology, in each case for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, equipment malfunction, failure 
to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with raw materials or environmental factors, contamination 
of facilities and damage to, or loss of, manufacturing operations. Such problems could affect production of a 
particular batch or series of batches, requiring the destruction of products, or could halt facility production 
altogether. These failures could, among other things, lead to increased costs, lost revenue and earnings, damage 
to customer relations, time and expense spent investigating the cause and, depending on the cause, similar losses 
with respect to other batches or products. If problems are not discovered before a product is released to the market,

--- Page 19 ---
580729450 
12 
recall and product liability costs may also be incurred. In addition, such risks may be greater at facilities that are 
new or going through significant expansion or renovation.  
Failure to provide quality offerings to customers could have an adverse effect on the Group's business and 
could subject it to regulatory actions, product recalls, and costly litigation. 
The Group depends on its ability to execute and improve when necessary its quality management strategies and 
systems, and effectively train and maintain its employee bases with respect to quality management. Quality 
management plays an essential role in determining and meeting customer requirements, preventing defects, 
compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices (“cGMP”) and improving product offerings (for example, 
on 24 April 2017 Lonza received a warning letter from the FDA relating to quality issues related to the production 
of certain biotherapeutic liquid media products, manufactured in one particular area of its Walkersville, Maryland 
facility in the United States). While the Group has a network of quality systems applicable across its business 
units and facilities, quality and safety issues may occur and have in the past occurred with respect to their offerings. 
Given the highly regulated industry in which the Group operates, any failure in quality or safety could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group is subject to risks, including reputational, financial and legal risks associated with joint ventures 
and joint venture partners.  
The Group has entered, and may continue to enter, into arrangements subject to joint control, such as joint 
ventures. The Group is regularly in discussions with a number of pharmaceutical companies for the purpose of 
exploring new business models and concepts, including but not limited to strategic joint ventures and other joint 
arrangements by which it may share control with another entity (collectively for the purposes of this risk factor, 
“joint ventures”).  
Various entities within the Group depend on various counterparties to joint ventures entered into by the Group for 
capital, product distribution, local market knowledge, product know-how or other resources. The Group's joint 
venture partners may (i) have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with those of the Group; 
(ii) take actions contrary to the Group's instructions or requests or contrary to its policies or objectives; (iii) be 
unable or unwilling to fulfil their obligations under the relevant joint venture agreement, including providing the 
necessary resources to the joint venture; or (iv) have financial difficulties. 
If a serious dispute arises with one of the Group's joint venture partners, or a serious problem arises in one of its 
joint ventures, including due to the factors set out above, the Group may suffer the loss of business opportunities 
or disruption to or termination of the relevant joint venture (or the project carried out by such joint venture). A 
dispute may also give rise to litigation or other legal proceedings, which would divert the Group's management's 
attention and other resources. Any of the above may have a material and adverse effect on the Group's reputation, 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group depends on its ability to secure and maintain profitable long-term commercial relationships and 
contracts with customers.  
The Group depends on its continued ability to secure and maintain profitable long-term commercial relationships 
and contracts with customers. Unfavourable industry trends, market conditions or regulatory regimes may impede 
the Group's ability to secure profitable long-term contracts with existing and new customers, to maintain profitable 
commercial relationships or to renew existing contracts as they expire. Any difficulties in securing or renewing 
such contracts or maintaining such strong customer relationships on favourable terms or at all could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group is dependent upon its employee base and its key personnel for its growth. 
The Group's economic success will depend in part on its ability to retain or employ an experienced, highly skilled 
and diverse employee base in addition to highly qualified executives and technical experts, in particular in the 
area of manufacturing and operations. The competition for qualified employees in the life sciences industry is

--- Page 20 ---
580729450 
13 
intense and the Group will compete for employees with companies both in and outside the life sciences industry. 
In addition, due to the imbalance between the supply of qualified employees and the demand for qualified 
employees, the Group may face employee turnover and retention that is higher than historical norms. Accordingly, 
the termination of the employment or the loss of the services of any significant number of employees or key 
personnel without a timely and suitable replacement or the inability to attract and retain qualified personnel may 
have a material and adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Changes in foreign exchange rates may have a material adverse effect on the Group's results of operations and 
may affect demand for its products and services.  
The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk because the amount of local currency paid or received for 
transactions denominated in foreign currencies may vary due to changes in exchange rates (transaction exposures) 
and because the foreign currency denominated financial statements of the Group's foreign subsidiaries may vary 
upon consolidation into the Swiss-franc-denominated Group financial statements (translation exposures). In 
relation to the Group, foreign exchange risks arise primarily in connection with transactions that are denominated 
in United States dollars, euro and British pounds sterling.  
As a general matter, the effect of foreign exchange fluctuations is minimised through the natural hedge the Group 
enjoys as a result of its matching of currencies in relation to sales and costs in the jurisdictions in which it operates. 
In managing its exposure regarding the fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates, the Group has entered into 
a variety of currency swaps and forward contracts. Notwithstanding these efforts, however, the strength of the 
Swiss franc has had an adverse impact on its results of operations in recent periods and may continue to do so. 
The Group will continue to be exposed to the risk of foreign exchange rate fluctuations, and if it is unable to 
manage this risk effectively, through hedging or otherwise, its business, results of operations, financial condition 
and prospects could be materially adversely affected. 
Adverse developments in worldwide economic conditions. 
Worldwide economic conditions impact the industries in which the Group's direct and indirect customers are 
active. A weak economic climate in the relevant customer industries may result in lower sales volumes and price 
decreases for the products, services and technologies supplied by the Group, which in turn may adversely affect 
its or their results of operations. In addition, certain of the Group's customers sell their products in a competitive 
and uncertain environment, which may lead to varying and uncertain demand for the Group's products from these 
customers, sometimes amplified by de- and re-stocking effects. Therefore, the Group's business and results of 
operations will be sensitive to global and regional economic downturns, inflation or deflationary effects, credit 
market tightness, declining consumer and business confidence and spending habits, fluctuating commodity prices, 
volatile exchange rates, changes in interest rates, sovereign debt defaults, changes in tax rates or tax regimes, 
disruptive political changes, armed conflict and other challenges, including those related to international sanctions, 
acts of aggression or threatened aggression and climate conditions that can affect the global economy. 
North and Central America and Europe accounted for a significant amount of the Group's sales. Accordingly, the 
Group's results of operations will be particularly affected by macroeconomic conditions in North America and 
Europe. While the U.S. economy has experienced periods of growth in recent years, it has also experienced 
negative growth due to, among other things, the impacts of COVID-19 and inflation. In particular, there can be 
no assurance that actions by central banking authorities (including increasing interest rates) or government 
policies, including those introduced by any presidential administration in the United States will not have an 
adverse impact on the U.S. economy. In Europe, while the effects of the sovereign debt crisis in the Eurozone, as 
well as Switzerland, have abated, there can be no assurance that concerns regarding other countries in the 
Eurozone as well as Switzerland, will not reemerge or that inflation will not cause widespread negative economic 
impacts in the Eurozone. The conflict in Ukraine has also resulted in disruptions and an overall negative impact 
on several economies in the Eurozone, including worldwide trade disruption and sanctions regimes which both 
impact trade and the flow of goods and increase the cost of compliance with commercial activities, increased

--- Page 21 ---
580729450 
14 
energy costs or disruption of access to energy inputs that could result in manufacturing delays. Should the conflict 
in Ukraine escalate or continue over a long period of time, or similar conflicts develop in other areas in the future, 
these conflicts may result in similar trade disruptions or increased costs of various inputs. Finally, in recent years, 
various emerging market economies where the Group operates have experienced severe economic and financial 
disruptions, including significant devaluations of their currencies and low or negative economic growth rates. 
If economic conditions deteriorate or armed conflict occurs in the markets in which the Group manufactures its 
products or provides services, its customers may experience deterioration of their businesses, reduced demand for 
their products, cash flow shortages and difficulty obtaining financing. As a result, existing or potential customers 
might delay or cancel plans to purchase products, services or technologies and may not be able to make payments 
to the Group in a timely fashion or at all.  
The industries, in which the Group operates, and the Group's direct and indirect customers were adversely 
impacted by COVID-19, in particular but not limited to the availability of key personnel and supply chain issues. 
The Group cannot exclude the possibility that COVID-19 or any potential future pandemic might adversely impact 
the Group's business, its customers and/or the Group's industries or cause instability on or a decrease of the global 
economy in general. 
Any of the foregoing could negatively impact the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects. 
The Group has implemented reorganisations of businesses and/or entities within the Group in the past, and 
the Group may implement such reorganisations in the future, and there can be no assurance that such 
reorganisations will yield the desired results. 
In the past, the Group has implemented reorganisations of businesses and/or entities within the Group.  
Any reorganisation undertaken by the Group is likely to involve significant investments and risks including, but 
not limited to, requiring a significant amount of management time (which may affect or impair the management's 
ability to run the entity or business effectively during the period of implementation) and not being able to have, 
or losing, key personnel with the appropriate skills as part of implementing the reorganisation. There is a 
possibility that if a reorganisation undertaken by the Group is not successfully implemented, key customers will 
be lost, or that anticipated cost savings, synergies or other benefits will not be realised in time or at all. 
The occurrence of any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group's leverage and debt service obligations could materially affect its business.  
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had a Net Leverage ratio of minus 0.09 times. Although the Group's current 
Net Leverage ratio is low, it may not be excluded that the Net Leverage ratio might be significantly higher in the 
future, for example, as a result of a major acquisition. The degree to which the Group remains leveraged could 
have important consequences for its business. 
For more information on the description and use of Net Leverage, see “Alternative Performance Measures” below. 
The Group's balance sheet includes significant goodwill and intangible assets, which could become impaired. 
The Group has significant goodwill and intangible assets on its balance sheet. The intangible assets include 
trademarks acquired through business combinations, which have an indefinite useful life and are not 
systematically amortised. Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are reviewed annually for 
impairment. Impairment charges could become necessary in the future if, for example, the Group's future 
prospects deteriorate such that the carrying values of its goodwill or intangible assets are no longer sustainable 
under applicable accounting rules. A significant impairment of the Group's goodwill or intangible assets could 
have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 22 ---
580729450 
15 
The Group may be exposed to pension risk in relation to its pension plans. 
The Group operates pension plans, which for accounting purposes are considered defined benefit pension plans, 
in various countries, with the major plans being in Switzerland and Great Britain. Pension risk arises if the net 
present value of future cash outflows is greater than the current value of the asset pool set aside to cover those 
payments. 
The primary sources of pension risk include a mismatch in the duration of the assets relative to the liabilities of 
the pension schemes, market-driven asset price volatility and increased life expectancy of individuals leading to 
increased liabilities. 
As a result of these factors, the Group faces the risk that the funding position of its pension schemes will deteriorate 
to such an extent that it would be required to make additional contributions above what is already planned to cover 
its pension obligations. Any failure by the Group to manage its pension deficit could have a material adverse effect 
on its business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group is subject to risks arising from legal disputes, including contractual claims and product liability 
claims relating to product defects. 
Companies in the pharmaceuticals and manufacturing industries are subject to the risk of lawsuits, including class 
actions, alleging negligence, product liability, violations of warranty obligations and other contractual or statutory 
claims relating to product defects. Such lawsuits may include claims based on personal injury or death alleged to 
be caused by a product, service or technology of the Group, in particular pharmaceutical products, or by products 
incorporating the Group's products, services or technologies which are marketed or distributed by customers of 
the Group. These lawsuits often involve claims for substantial amounts of damages, including compensation for 
consequential damage and substantial costs for legal representation. In addition, pharmaceutical and other 
healthcare products may be the subject of recalls or patent infringement suits. For this reason, there can be no 
assurance that extensive claims will not be asserted against the Group in the future or that large scale product 
recall measures will not be necessary. The Group may not have sufficient insurance to mitigate for such a 
contingency. Accordingly, the Group cannot assure that the risks inherent to any potential product liability claim 
or product recall will be mitigated in all circumstances.  
The Group's business may be adversely affected by the detrimental outcome of legal disputes and investigations 
by government agencies, the outcomes of which are not certain. Litigation risks include, among others, risks in 
the areas of competition and antitrust law, pharmaceutical law, patent law, tax law, and environmental protection.  
Certain countries in which the Group operates have a special legal framework for pharmaceutical products that 
could increase the risk of product liability claims being asserted and/or the ultimate costs of defending against 
such claims. In addition, the Group could incur significant expenses based on product liability claims, other 
violations of duties of care or contractual provisions, recall measures or penalties imposed for these reasons by 
public authorities. These events could also adversely affect the Group's reputation and therefore reduce market 
acceptance of its products, services or technologies. 
Certain of the Group's products contain or contained substances that may be toxic or otherwise hazardous to the 
health of certain persons. The health of persons, including the Group's employees, who come into contact with 
such substances or with the Group's products directly or through products of the Group's customers may be 
impaired, especially as a result of exposure to such hazardous substances, the incorrect use of such products or 
because of product characteristics that are as yet unknown, and such health impairments may even be life-
threatening. Such impairments may give rise to lawsuits including claims based on personal injury or death and 
may involve claims for substantial amounts. These factors, either individually or in aggregate, have resulted and 
may result in actions being brought against the Group and may have a material adverse effect on its business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 23 ---
580729450 
16 
The Group may not be able to adequately protect its intellectual property, proprietary manufacturing 
technology and know-how. 
The Group owns a large number of patents and other intellectual property rights which may be invalidated, 
circumvented or challenged. Although there is a general legal presumption that patents are valid, this does not 
necessarily mean that a patent or any other intellectual property right will ultimately be upheld as valid or that any 
related claims can be enforced as necessary or desired. Third parties may infringe on the Group's patents or other 
intellectual property rights, and the Group may not be able to prevent any such infringement. If the Group fails to 
adequately protect its intellectual property rights, technology and know-how, competitors may use such rights, 
technology and know-how to manufacture and offer similar products or services, which could adversely affect the 
Group's competitive position and results of operations. In addition, the Group cannot guarantee that all of the 
patents it has applied for, or plans to apply for, will be granted in each of the countries in which it seeks protection. 
Furthermore, patents generally expire after a certain period, allowing competitors to freely use the patented 
technology. 
If the Group is unable to protect its intellectual property, its ability to profit from its research and development 
may be limited or its future profits may decrease as a result, insofar as other manufacturers can make or market 
products that are similar to the products developed by the Group. This could affect the Group's competitive 
position, and any resulting decrease in sales could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Tax legislation initiatives or challenges to the Group's tax positions could adversely affect its business, results 
of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group operates in a number of different countries around the world. As such, it will be subject to the tax laws 
and regulations of, among others, the European and United States federal, state and local governments and of 
many international jurisdictions. Tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and new 
interpretations of laws are issued or applied. Changes in tax laws, or the interpretation of tax laws or tax regulations 
in jurisdictions in which the Group operates, or withdrawals of tax rulings in jurisdictions such as Switzerland 
that have issued such rulings to Group companies, could increase the level of taxes to be paid by the Group. 
From time to time, various legislative initiatives may be proposed that could adversely affect the Group's tax 
position. There can be no assurance that the Group's effective tax rate or tax payments will not be adversely 
affected by these initiatives. 
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “OECD”) is actively working on changes to 
existing tax laws aimed at taxing the so-called "digital economy" and reducing the use of low- and no-tax 
jurisdictions. In the context of the so-called Pillar Two of this project, a minimum effective tax rate of 15 per cent. 
for multinational companies with turnover of more than EUR 750 million has been agreed by all OECD members, 
including Switzerland, G20 nations and the European Union member states. The introduction of the minimum tax 
rate is planned for 2023 and 2024 respectively. Based on the OECD report issued in December 2021 on tax 
challenges arising from the digitalisation of the economy, the Swiss Federal Council has decided to implement 
the minimum tax rate by means of a constitutional amendment to ensure its coming into force on 1 January 2024, 
with the law being subsequently enacted in the ordinary procedure on federal and cantonal level. The 
corresponding people's vote is expected to take place in June 2023. At the European Union level, in December 
2022, the Council Directive (EU) 2022/2523 on ensuring a global minimum level of taxation for multinational 
enterprise groups and large-scale domestic groups in the European Union was issued which closely follows the 
international agreement and sets out the rules on how to calculate and implement the agreed minimum tax rate. 
While it is likely that the Group's tax filing and related obligations will increase once the proposals and legal 
provisions are implemented in the countries where the Group operates, it is too early to further quantify the impact 
of the changes.

--- Page 24 ---
580729450 
17 
Unilateral tax enforcement is becoming a higher priority for many tax authorities, which could lead to an increase 
in tax audits, inquiries and challenges of historically accepted positions. 
In particular, transfer pricing for intercompany transactions may be challenged by local tax authorities, which may 
result in additional taxes payable and interest or penalties. Most jurisdictions in which the Group operates have 
transfer pricing regulations that require transactions involving associated companies to be made on arm's length 
terms. If the tax authorities in any relevant jurisdiction do not regard such intercompany transactions of the Group 
as being made on an arm's length basis or being properly documented and successfully challenge those 
arrangements, the amount of tax payable, in respect of both current and previous years, may increase materially 
and penalties or interest may be payable. Tax authorities may also actively pursue the levying of additional taxes 
based on retroactive changes to tax laws. 
The Group is required to exercise judgment when determining its provisions for income taxes and accounting for 
tax-related matters. The Group regularly makes estimates where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. The 
final determination of any tax investigation, tax audit, mutual agreement procedure or advanced pricing 
agreement, tax litigation, appeal of a taxing authority's decision or similar proceedings may differ materially from 
that which is reflected in the Group's financial statements. 
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 
The Group may infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties and, as a result, may have to pay 
fees for the use of third-party intellectual property, may be exposed to claims for damages, may be prevented 
from selling its products, or may be forced to stop its production. 
The Group cannot guarantee that the Group will not infringe on, or be alleged to have infringed on, third-party 
patents or other third-party intellectual property rights, since its competitors also apply for, and obtain, numerous 
patents to protect their inventions. In the event that the Group identifies third-party patent rights that conflict with 
its business processes, it will generally attempt to either challenge the patentability or the validity of the patent or 
to look for technical alternatives. Nevertheless, patent holders may approach the Group from time to time to allege 
that it has infringed on their intellectual property rights. Regardless of the merit or resolution of these claims, the 
Group may be prevented from making or marketing products, and it may be forced to acquire licences or modify 
or even stop its production, even though it may have already been using these technologies in a lawful manner in 
these or other jurisdictions. This may be the case, for example, if the Group has chosen not to file a patent on a 
particular technology in order to keep it confidential. In addition, the Group could be exposed to liability for 
damages.  
Furthermore, the Group manufactures products for customers who depend on patents or other intellectual property 
protections with respect to their intellectual property.  If such customers' products infringe or are alleged to infringe 
on other parties' patents or intellectual property, then the Group could be implicated or otherwise be joined in legal 
challenges to its customers' intellectual property rights. Any such challenges or issues with respect to such 
customers' intellectual property may result in delays or cancelled services the Group is scheduled to perform. 
The Group may have to obtain third-party licences to gain access to technology, which could entail considerable 
costs. It may be unable to acquire licences that it will need for its future business with the appropriate scope, under 
acceptable conditions or at all. In addition, licences the Group holds may expire or otherwise not continue to be 
effective, and it may be prevented from making or marketing products. 
Any restrictions or disruptions in supply and production that result from actual or alleged patent infringements, 
whether as a result of a reorganisation of production processes or for other reasons, or the subsequent acquisition 
of any relevant licences, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 25 ---
580729450 
18 
Legal and regulatory changes in the jurisdictions in which it operates and trades may have an adverse effect 
on the Group. 
Due to the international nature of its business, the Group and its operations, it must comply with, and is affected 
by, a large number of different legal and regulatory frameworks, including tax laws. There is a risk that changes 
in these frameworks of the agencies that oversee or regulate the industries in which the Group operates, and in 
which the Group will operate, may materially adversely affect the Group's legal and regulatory environment. 
Changes in the regulatory environment may prevent the Group from marketing certain of its products or may 
negatively affect demand for its products and/or services, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on 
its business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In addition, to the extent laws and regulations 
applicable to the Group are uncertain and evolving, it may be difficult for the Group to determine the exact 
requirements applicable to it, or to structure its transactions in such a way that the results it expects to achieve are 
legally enforceable in all cases. 
The Group requires various licences and permits to operate its business. 
The Group requires various licences and permits in the jurisdictions in which it operates. These licences and 
permits are generally subject to conditions stipulated in the licences and permits and/or relevant laws or 
regulations under which such licences and permits are issued. Any actual or alleged failure to comply with the 
stipulated conditions could result in the revocation or non-renewal of the relevant licence or permit. 
The Group constantly monitors and ensures its compliance with such conditions. However, should there be any 
revocation of any of the licences and permits, or the failure to obtain or procure any necessary licences and permits, 
the Group may not be able to carry out its operations in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, the business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Group could be materially and adversely affected. 
The Group is subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and could therefore be exposed 
to heightened compliance costs and the risk of liability due to non-compliance. 
The Group is subject to a variety of environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in each of the 
jurisdictions in which it operates. In particular, the Group will be subject to a number of constantly evolving and 
increasingly stringent local, state, and international environmental and health protection requirements with regard 
to, among other things, air emissions, wastewater discharges and the use, handling and disposal of chemicals and 
hazardous substances. Compliance with such regulations can require significant expenditures and, depending on 
the severity, a breach may result in the limitation or suspension of production or subject the Group to material 
monetary fines and penalties, civil or criminal sanctions, or other liabilities. Furthermore, environmental laws may 
expose the Group to liability for the conduct of or conditions caused by others, and some environmental laws 
provide for joint and several strict liability for releases of hazardous substances into the environment, which could 
result in liability for environmental damage without regard to negligence or fault. Environmental legislation is 
evolving in a manner that is expected to result in stricter standards and enforcement, larger fines and increased 
liability, and potentially increased capital expenditures and operating costs for compliance. Environmental laws 
and regulations may result in an increase in the costs of the operations of the Group. 
Certain of the Group's production facilities were operating at times when environmental protection legislation did 
not exist, or was underdeveloped, and used chemicals that could contaminate soil and groundwater. Soil and 
groundwater contamination has occurred in the past at certain sites and might occur or be discovered at other sites 
in the future. In particular, the Group's Visp, Switzerland, facility used large amounts of mercury as a catalyst in 
chemical processes, and the facility discharged industrial wastewater with mercury-containing effluent into a 
wastewater discharge canal between 1930 and the mid-1970s. The Group has investigated the mercury 
contamination in areas around the canal and has made certain accruals for remediation. The Group has engaged 
in extensive remediation activities to remove mercury contamination from residential areas and farm land in the 
area. The Group may be required to make further accruals or otherwise commit funds to further remediate this 
area. According to the currently available data, the mercury contamination has not had adverse health effects on

--- Page 26 ---
580729450 
19 
humans or animals in the region. In addition, the Group has made accruals for the first remediation phase at the 
Group’s closed Gamsenried, Switzerland landfill, which may require additional funds to remediate. 
The costs of the remediation and/or containment of pollution for which the Group is held liable, or the reputational 
damage associated with any such pollution, could materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects. 
The Group relies on the proper functioning of its computer and data processing systems, and a large scale 
malfunction or potential unauthorised access to critical and sensitive information could result in disruptions 
to the Group's business. 
The Group's ability to keep its businesses operating depends on the functional and efficient operation of its 
computer and data processing and telecommunications systems around the world. Computer and data processing 
systems are susceptible to malfunctions and interruptions (including due to equipment damage, power outages, 
fire, natural disasters, breakdowns, malicious attacks, computer viruses, and a range of other hardware, software 
and network problems), and the Group may be unable to prevent malfunctions or interruptions. A significant or 
large scale malfunction or interruption of its computer or data processing systems could disrupt the Group's 
operations, for example by causing delays or the cancellation of customer orders, impeding the manufacture or 
shipment of products, the processing of transactions and the reporting of financial results, or could damage the 
Group's reputation. 
In addition, the Group faces the risk of potential unauthorised access to, and the loss of, critical and sensitive 
information, for example as a result of industrial espionage activities or hacking attacks. A leak of confidential 
information or the loss of critical and sensitive information could reveal trade secrets or know-how of the Group 
or its customers to competitors and harm the Group's business, competitive position and reputation. The Group's 
insurance may not adequately compensate it for all losses or failures that may occur. Any of the foregoing could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Regulatory developments with respect to use of personal data and public records could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Because the Group's databases and the databases of third-party service providers that it works with include certain 
non-public personal or commercial information concerning its employees, vendors and customers, the Group is 
subject to government regulation concerning the improper storage, transmission and use of this data. Failure to 
comply with these laws by the Group could result in substantial regulatory penalties, litigation expenses, adverse 
publicity and loss of revenue. In addition, if such information were compromised as a result of a hacking incident 
or other cyber breach of the Group's systems, the Group could also be found liable for such breach if the Group 
did not have appropriate safeguards in place to protect such data and records. Further, many consumer advocates, 
privacy advocates and government regulators believe that existing laws and regulations do not adequately protect 
privacy. As a result, they are seeking further restrictions on the dissemination and commercial use of personal 
information to the public and private sectors. Regulations regarding privacy and data protection may also become 
stricter in the future. For example, the European Union has adopted a General Data Protection Regulation, 
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the "GDPR"). The GDPR has introduced significant changes to the data protection 
regime of the EU, for example, higher potential liabilities for certain data protection violations. 
Any such restrictions may increase compliance burdens on the Group and reduce the Group's ability to market its 
products, services and technologies, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Violation of anti-corruption laws and anti-boycott regulations could materially and adversely affect the Group's 
reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group's international operations are subject to anti-corruption laws and anti-boycott regulations. In certain 
countries in which the Group does business, the Group is exposed to a heightened risk of violating anti-corruption

--- Page 27 ---
580729450 
20 
laws and regulations. Violations of anti-corruption laws and sanctions regulations are punishable by civil penalties, 
including fines, denial of export privileges, injunctions, asset seizures, debarment from government contracts and 
revocations or restrictions of licences, as well as criminal fines and imprisonment. There can be no assurance that 
the Group's policies and procedures will effectively prevent it from violating these laws and regulations in every 
transaction in which it may engage, and such a violation could materially and adversely affect the Group's 
reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
The Group is subject to labour and employment laws and regulations, which could increase its costs and restrict 
the Group's operations in the future. 
Certain of the Group's employees are represented by labour organisations. National works councils and/or labour 
organisations are active at certain of its European facilities consistent with labour environments/laws in European 
countries. Similar relationships with labour organisations or national work councils exist at all of the Group's 
facilities. The Group's management believes that its employee relations are satisfactory. However, further 
organising activities or collective bargaining may increase its employment-related costs and the Group may be 
subject to work stoppages and other labour disruptions. Moreover, as employers are subject to various 
employment-related claims, such as individual and class actions relating to alleged employment discrimination, 
wage-hour and labour standards issues, such actions, if brought against the Group and successful in whole or in 
part, may affect its ability to compete or have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and 
results of operations.   
Pharmaceutical manufacturing, storage, and transportation may be dangerous and may lead to personal 
injury, damage to property or other damage and any hazardous incidents that the Group may face could result 
in disruptions to its production facilities, claims for damages and fines. 
Given its activities and the industries in which it operates, the Group faces risks associated with pharmaceuticals 
manufacturing and the related storage and transportation of raw materials, products and wastes. These risks 
include, but are not limited to, accidents, explosions, fires, lightning, transport risks, terrorist attacks, natural 
disasters, mechanical or other operational failure, pipeline leaks and ruptures, storage tank leaks, spills, and other 
discharges or releases of dangerous substances or gases. These events could lead to personal injury, loss of life, 
environmental or property damage, or a material interruption or suspension of operations, and may result in 
increased mitigation expenses, a reduction in profitability, and the imposition of civil or criminal penalties, 
including governmental fines, expenses for remediation and claims brought by governmental entities, employees 
or other third parties. In many jurisdictions, such as in the United States, these risks are amplified by the frequency 
of class actions and high damages awards. 
In addition, the occurrence of any such event could be seriously detrimental to the Group's reputation and could 
harm its ability to obtain or maintain its existing licences or its key commercial, regulatory, and governmental 
relationships. Disruptions at one or more production facilities may also interrupt production further down the 
production chain and lead to lower volumes and sales, and potentially the loss of market share. The costs 
associated with any of these events may be substantial and could exceed or otherwise not be covered by the 
Group's insurance coverage. 
Furthermore, improper handling of dangerous substances by the Group or its customers may lead to the release of 
various substances, which may in turn result in stricter regulation or a prohibition of the use of such substances. 
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 
Local conditions, events, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters and other disruptions could adversely 
affect the Group's business. 
The Group has manufacturing sites around the world. Its manufacturing operations may be subject to disruptions 
within or beyond their control, including: pandemics, adverse local conditions, climate change, adverse weather 
conditions, floods, fire, natural disaster, civil unrest, labour stoppages and terrorist activity. Several of the

--- Page 28 ---
580729450 
21 
countries in which the Group operates are subject to border or internal civil conflicts or unrest, which could also 
affect the Group's operations. Any disruption of the Group's operations resulting from any of these events or 
factors could limit its ability to quickly shift production to other sites. For example, capacity constraints or 
regulatory requirements could cause significant delays in manufacturing and the loss of sales and customers. In 
addition, the Group could suffer a loss of sales or other negative impact on its business as a result of its customers 
or suppliers being affected by any of these events.  
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER OR THE GUARANTOR 
The Issuer relies on the credit of the Guarantor.  
The Issuer is a finance entity and relies on the credit of the Guarantor. It has no subsidiaries and limited ability to 
generate revenue. As it has no revenue generating operations of its own, the Issuer is wholly dependent on the 
earnings and cash flows of, and distributions from, the Group's operating subsidiaries to generate the necessary 
funds in order to service the payment of principal and interest of the Notes. The operating performance and 
financial condition of the Group's operating subsidiaries and the ability of such subsidiaries to provide funds to 
the Issuer will in turn depend, to some extent, on general economic, financial, competitive, market and other 
factors, many of which are beyond the Issuer's control. The terms and conditions of agreements to which the 
Group is or may become party may impose further restrictions or prohibitions on such operating subsidiaries' 
ability to make payments to the Issuer. The Group's operating subsidiaries may not generate income and cash flow 
sufficient to enable the Issuer to meet the payment obligations on the Notes. The Group's inability to generate 
sufficient cash flow to service the intercompany loans will prevent the Issuer from servicing its indebtedness under 
the Notes. 
The Guarantor is a holding company and will depend on the business of its subsidiaries to satisfy its obligations 
under the Guarantee. 
The Guarantor is a holding company and it has no significant assets other than its ownership interests in the Issuer 
and its other subsidiaries. Consequently, the ability of the Guarantor to meet its financial obligations under the 
Guarantee is dependent upon the availability of cash flows from its subsidiaries and affiliated companies through 
dividends, intercompany advances and other payments. The Guarantor's direct and indirect subsidiaries are 
separate and distinct legal entities and, under certain circumstances, legal and contractual restrictions may limit 
the ability of these subsidiaries to provide the Guarantor with funds for the Guarantor's payment of its obligations 
under its securities, such as the Guarantee, whether by dividends, distributions, loans or other payments. 
The Guarantor cannot assure potential investors that the operating results of its subsidiaries at any given time will 
be sufficient to make dividends, distributions or other payments to it or that any such dividends, distributions or 
other payments will be adequate to pay its obligations under the Guarantee and its other indebtedness when due. 
In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganisation or similar proceeding relating to a subsidiary of the 
Guarantor, the right of Noteholders to participate in a distribution of the assets of such subsidiary will rank behind 
such subsidiary's creditors (including trade creditors), except to the extent that the Guarantor has direct claims 
against such subsidiary. In the case of any of the foregoing events, there can be no assurance that there will be 
sufficient assets to pay amounts due under the Guarantee. 
The Issuer's and Guarantor's financial performance and other factors could adversely impact the Issuer's and 
the Guarantor's ability to make payments on the Notes or perform under the Guarantee, as applicable. 
The Issuer's ability to make scheduled payments with respect to the Notes, and the Guarantor's ability to perform 
under the Guarantee, will depend on the Issuer's and the Guarantor's, as applicable, financial and operating 
performance, which, in turn, are subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and other 
factors beyond the Issuer's and Guarantor's control. 
The Notes do not restrict the Issuer's or the Guarantor's ability to incur additional debt or prohibit the Issuer 
or the Guarantor from taking other action that could negatively impact the Noteholders.

--- Page 29 ---
580729450 
22 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is restricted under the terms and conditions of the Notes from incurring 
additional indebtedness, and there is no guarantee that the Issuer or the Guarantor will not create, incur, assume 
or guarantee additional indebtedness and that such debt may not be privileged, either by virtue of securities granted 
by the Issuer or the Guarantor or by way of structural subordination of the Notes. In addition, the Notes do not 
require the Issuer or the Guarantor to achieve or maintain any minimum financial results relating to their respective 
financial positions or results of operations. The Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's ability to recapitalise, incur 
additional debt, secure existing or future debt, or take a number of other actions that are not limited by the terms 
of the Notes, including repurchasing indebtedness or common shares or preferred shares, if any, or paying 
dividends, could have the effect of diminishing the Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's ability to make payments on 
the Notes when due. 
The right to receive payments under the Guarantee of the Guarantor may be adversely affected by Swiss 
bankruptcy laws. 
The Guarantor is incorporated under the laws of Switzerland. Accordingly, bankruptcy proceedings with respect 
to the Guarantor are likely to proceed under, and to be governed primarily by, Swiss bankruptcy law. The 
provisions of Swiss bankruptcy law afford debtors and unsecured creditors only limited protection from the claims 
of secured creditors and it may not be possible for unsecured creditors to prevent or delay the secured creditors 
from enforcing their security to repay the debts due to them under the terms that such security was granted. 
Enforcement claims or court judgments against the Guarantor must be converted into Swiss francs. 
Enforcement claims, including for court judgments, against the Guarantor under Swiss debt collection or 
bankruptcy proceedings may only be made in Swiss francs and any foreign currency amounts must accordingly 
be converted into Swiss francs. With respect to enforcing creditors, any such foreign currency amounts will be 
converted at the exchange rate prevailing (i) on the date on which the enforcement proceedings 
(Betreibungsbegehren) are instituted, or (ii) upon the request of the enforcing creditor, on the date of the filing for 
the continuation of the bankruptcy procedure (Fortsetzungsbegehren) or at the time of adjudication of bankruptcy 
(Konkurseröffnung). With respect to non-enforcing creditors, foreign currency amounts will be converted at the 
exchange rate prevailing at the time of the adjudication of bankruptcy (Konkurseröffnung). 
3. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE NOTES 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such features and the 
related risks: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer. An 
optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer may 
elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time. 
Potential investors should also note that if Clean-Up Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, 
the Issuer in certain circumstances has the ability to exercise a “clean up” call in relation to the Notes. If the Issuer,

--- Page 30 ---
580729450 
23 
the Guarantor and/or any of their subsidiaries has/have in the aggregate purchased or redeemed a Series of Notes 
in aggregate nominal amount equal to or in excess of 80 per cent. of such series of Notes originally issued (which 
shall for this purpose include any further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 13), the Issuer may then redeem or 
purchase (or procure the purchase), at its option, all but not some only of the remaining outstanding Notes of that 
Series at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Risks relating to Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or Floating to Fixed Rate Notes 
Notes which are “Fixed to Floating Rate Notes” or “Floating to Fixed Rate Notes” may bear interest at a rate that 
converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature may affect the 
secondary market for and the market value of such Notes. If the Notes are converted from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, the spread on the Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than the prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may 
be lower than the rates on other Notes and investors will no longer be able to anticipate the interest income on 
such Notes. If the Notes are converted from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the 
then prevailing market rates. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or 
premium. The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Regulation and reform and discontinuation of Benchmarks on Floating Rate Notes 
Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such as EURIBOR, which are used to determine 
the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial instruments (“benchmarks”), have, 
in recent years, been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created and operated. This 
has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing benchmarks, with further changes anticipated. These 
reforms and changes may cause a benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past or to be 
discontinued. Any change in the performance of a benchmark or its discontinuation, could have a material adverse 
effect on any Notes referencing or linked to such benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmark Regulation”) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European Union (the “EU”). It, 
among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to 
be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmark Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmark 
Regulation”) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use 
of a benchmark within the UK. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-UK based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and 
(ii) prevents certain uses by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmark Regulation and the UK Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes 
linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the relevant benchmark 
are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark 
Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting 
the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark.

--- Page 31 ---
580729450 
24 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that the relevant Reference Rate (including 
any page on which such Reference Rate may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable, 
without a requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders. Any of such fall-back arrangements, as 
more fully described in Condition 4(j), Condition 4(k) and Condition 4(l) could have an adverse effect on the 
value or liquidity of, and return on, the Notes. 
Fallback arrangements for Floating Rate Notes where “SOFR” is not specified as the relevant Reference Rate in 
the applicable Final Terms  
Where “SOFR” is not specified as the relevant Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments, to be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate, all as more fully described in Condition 4(j).  
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to result in Notes 
initially linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment 
of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its 
current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the 
Independent Adviser, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of 
the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions also provide 
that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Issuer and applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate. The application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply 
in its current form. Further, it may not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread. If no Adjustment 
Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate 
of Interest. 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be able to 
determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate in accordance with the Conditions. Where the Issuer is unable 
to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner or the Independent Adviser is unable to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate in accordance with the Conditions, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
next succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. If the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate for the 
life of the Notes, such Notes, in effect, will become fixed rate securities. 
Fallback arrangements for Floating Rate Notes where “SOFR” is specified as the relevant Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms  
Where “SOFR” is specified as the relevant Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating 
to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates, all as

--- Page 32 ---
580729450 
25 
more fully described in Condition 4(k). In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to 
time. 
If the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period cannot be determined in accordance with the 
Conditions by the Issuer or its designee, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Minimum Rate of Interest or 
Maximum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest relating 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin, Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the 
first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any 
Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period).  
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including €STR, SOFR and SONIA) as reference 
rates for floating rate Notes 
Nascent risk-free rates and market 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as €STR, SOFR 
and SONIA, as reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. dollar, euro or CHF bonds, as applicable, 
and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates.  
SONIA is recently reformed, and SOFR and €STR are newly established, risk-free rates. For example, the Federal 
Reserve began to publish SOFR in April 2018 and although the New York Federal Reserve has also begun 
publishing historical indicative SOFR going back to 2014, such historical indicative data inherently involves 
assumptions, estimates and approximations. Therefore, such risk-free rates have a limited performance history 
and the future performance of such risk-free rates is impossible to predict. As a consequence, no future 
performance of the relevant risk-free rate or Notes referencing such risk-free rate may be inferred from any of the 
hypothetical or actual historical performance data. In addition, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may 
behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates. For example, since publication 
of SOFR began, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable 
benchmarks or other market rates. 
Calculation of Interest 
Interest is calculated on the basis of the compounded risk-free rate or an arithmetic average of the risk-free rate 
(for example Compounded SOFR, which is calculated using the relevant specific formula set out in the Conditions, 
not the risk-free rate published on or in respect of a particular date during such Interest Accrual Period or 
Observation Period, as the case may be). For this and other reasons, the interest rate on the Notes during any 
Interest Accrual Period will not be the same as the interest rate on other investments linked to the risk-free rate 
that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest rate.  
In addition, market conventions for calculating the interest rate for bonds referencing risk-free rates continue to 
develop and market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on 
risk-free rates. For example, on 2 March 2020, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as administrator of SOFR, 
began publishing the SOFR Compounded Index, and on 3 August 2020, the Bank of England, as the administrator 
of SONIA, began publishing the SONIA Compounded Index. Accordingly, the specific formula for calculating 
the rate used in the Notes may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all. The Issuer may in the 
future also issue Notes referencing risk-free rates that differ materially in terms of interest determination when 
compared with any previous Notes referencing risk-free rate rates issued by it. If the market adopts a different 
calculation method, that could adversely affect the market value of Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
580729450 
26 
Interest on Notes which reference a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined immediately prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference risk-free rates to reliably 
estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Further, if the Notes become due and payable 
under Condition 8, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the Rate of 
Interest payable shall be determined on the date the Notes became due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter.  
Each risk-free rate is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other sources and the 
Issuer has no control over their respective determinations, calculations or publications. There can be no guarantee 
that the relevant risk-free rate (or the SOFR Compounded Index or the SONIA Compounded Index) will not be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Notes 
linked to or which reference such risk-free rate (or that any applicable benchmark fallback provisions provided 
for in the Conditions will provide a rate which is economically equivalent for Noteholders). None of the European 
Central Bank, the Federal Reserve, the Bank of England or SIX Index AG have an obligation to consider the 
interests of Noteholders in calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing the relevant risk-free rate 
(or the SOFR Compounded Index or SONIA Compounded Index). If the manner in which the relevant risk-free 
rate is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on such Notes 
and the trading prices of such Notes. 
Market Adoption 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference a risk-free rate. Investors should carefully 
consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets 
may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets  
The Group intends to publish a “Green Financing Framework” (the “Framework”) which is aligned with the 
Green Bond Principles (June 2021) administered by the International Capital Market Association (“Green Bond 
Principles”) and to receive a second party opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) that assesses the Framework's 
alignment with the Green Bond Principles. Neither the Framework nor the Second Party Opinion, when published, 
will form part of this Base Prospectus and will not be incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to apply 
an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically to eligible green projects (the 
“Eligible Green Projects”). Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the applicable 
Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information 
for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary.  
In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer that the use of such proceeds for 
any Eligible Green Project will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental 
or sustainability impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Project. None of 
the Dealers shall be responsible for (i) any assessment of the Eligible Green Projects, (ii) any verification of 
whether the Eligible Green Projects fall within an investor's requirements or expectations of a “green”, 
“sustainable” or equivalently-labelled project or (iii) the ongoing monitoring of the use of proceeds in respect of 
any such Notes.  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) 
of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”, “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project or as

--- Page 34 ---
580729450 
27 
to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green”, “sustainable” or such other 
equivalent label and if developed in the future, such Notes may not comply with any such definition or label. 
A basis for the determination of such a definition has been established in the EU with the publication in the Official 
Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”). The EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European Commission through 
delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy Regulation. Accordingly, alignment of the Green Bonds with the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy is not guaranteed. 
Additionally, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Green Project will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “sustainable” or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental and/or other impacts will not 
occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Project. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion 
or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer or the Guarantor) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Green Project to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification 
is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other person 
to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current as at the date that opinion 
was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the 
purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not 
subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not 
regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other person that such listing 
or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or sustainability 
impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Project. Furthermore, it should be 
noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities 
market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other person that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
Amounts of interest, principal or other amounts payable for any Notes in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms provide that it is the Issuer's intention for the Group to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an 
offer of those Notes specifically to Eligible Green Projects will not be impacted by the performance of any Eligible 
Green Project funded out of the proceeds of the issue (or amounts equal thereto) of such Notes or by any other 
Eligible Green Projects or other green or sustainable assets of the Group. 
There can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green 
Project will be capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any 
timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Green 
Project. Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Green Project will be completed within any specified 
period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected

--- Page 35 ---
580729450 
28 
or anticipated by the Issuer or the Guarantor. Any such event or failure by the Issuer or the Guarantor will not (i) 
give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers; (ii) 
constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or permit the Trustee or any Noteholder to accelerate the Notes or 
take any other enforcement action against the Issuer or the Guarantor; (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to 
redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional 
redemption rights in respect of any Notes; or (iv) result in any step-up or increased payments of interest, principal 
or any other amounts in respect of the Notes, or otherwise affect the Conditions.  
Any event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Green 
Project as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification 
attesting that the Issuer or the Guarantor or the Group is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for 
which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or 
admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on 
the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes the proceeds of which are intended to be 
allocated to an Eligible Green Project and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to (i) any modification of any of the Conditions 
or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that in the opinion of the Trustee is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust 
Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any of the Conditions or any of the 
provisions of the Trust Deed that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such amendment of the Trust 
Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, but without the consent of the Noteholders, to the 
substitution of any other company in place of the Issuer or the Guarantor, or of any previous substituted company, 
as principal debtor or guarantor under the Trust Deed and the Notes. In the case of such a substitution the Trustee 
may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to a change of the law governing the Notes and/or the Trust 
Deed provided that such change would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders. 
Change of law 
The Conditions are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law, save that Condition 1 and 
Condition 10(a) (and any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith) shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Belgian law. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any 
possible judicial decision or change to English law or Belgian law or administrative practice after the issue date 
of the Notes and any such change could materially adversely affect the value of any Notes affected by it. 
The transfer of the Notes, any payments made in respect of the Notes and all communications with the Issuer 
will occur through the NBB-SSS and its participants 
A Noteholder must rely on the rules and operating procedures of the NBB-SSS and its participants to receive 
payment under the Notes or communications from the Issuer. The Issuer and the Issuing and Paying Agent will 
have no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, the Notes within, or 
any other improper functioning of, the NBB-SSS and its participants. In such case, Noteholders should make a 
claim against the participants in the NBB-SSS, who may make claims against the NBB-SSS. Any such risk may 
adversely affect the rights and/or return on investment of a Noteholder.

--- Page 36 ---
580729450 
29 
The Issuing and Paying Agent is not required to segregate amounts received by it in respect of Notes cleared 
through the NBB-SSS  
The Agency Agreement (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) provides that the Issuing and Paying 
Agent (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) will debit the relevant account of the Issuer and use 
such funds to make payment to the Noteholders. 
The Agency Agreement also provides that the Issuing and Paying Agent will, after receipt by it of the relevant 
amounts, pay to the Noteholder, directly or through the NBB-SSS, any amounts due in respect of the Notes. 
However, the Issuing and Paying Agent is not required to segregate any such amounts received by it in respect of 
the Notes, and in the event that the Issuing and Paying Agent were subject to insolvency proceedings at any time 
when it held any such amounts, the Issuer would be required to claim such amounts from the Issuing and Paying 
Agent in accordance with applicable insolvency laws and may not be able to recover all or part of such amounts. 
This may impact the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
Payments of additional amounts are subject to exceptions and may not be enforceable 
Although the Conditions provide, in certain circumstances, for the payment of additional amounts by the Issuer 
or the Guarantor, as the case may be, if it becomes obligated by law to make any withholding or tax deduction in 
respect of any interest payable by it in respect of the Notes or the Guarantee, as applicable, the obligation to pay 
such additional amounts is subject to certain exceptions. Under Swiss law, an agreement to pay additional amounts 
for the deduction of Swiss withholding tax may not be valid and, thus, may prejudice the validity and 
enforceability of anything to the contrary contained in the Notes, the Guarantee or any other document or 
agreement. 
Limited tax gross-up protection for Eligible Investors 
Potential investors should be aware that if the Issuer, the Guarantor, the NBB, any Paying Agent or any other 
person is required to make any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties 
or charges of whatever nature in respect of any payment in respect of the Notes, then the Issuer, Guarantor, the 
NBB, any Paying Agent or that other person shall make such payment after such withholding or deduction has 
been made and will account to the relevant authorities for the amount so required to be withheld or deducted. 
The Issuer will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net payment received by each 
holder of the Notes, after withholding for any taxes imposed by tax authorities in the Kingdom of Belgium or 
Switzerland upon payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, will equal the amount 
which would have been received in the absence of any such withholding taxes, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable in respect of any Notes in the circumstances described in Conditions 7(i) to (v) 
(inclusive). 
The tax treatment of the Notes with respect to Swiss withholding tax 
The Swiss withholding taxation laws impose a 35 per cent. withholding tax on interest payments on bonds issued 
(i) by an issuer resident in Switzerland for Swiss withholding taxation purposes, or (ii) by a non-Swiss member 
of a group with the parental guarantee of a Swiss member of the group if the aggregate amount of proceeds from 
the issuance of all outstanding debt instruments issued by a non-Swiss member of the group with the parental 
guarantee of a Swiss member of the group that is being applied by any member of the group in Switzerland 
exceeds the amount that is permissible under the Swiss withholding taxation laws (or any payments under the 
parental guarantee in respect thereof) to Swiss federal withholding tax. 
So long as any Notes are outstanding, the Group will ensure that (i) the Issuer will have its domicile and place of 
effective management outside Switzerland, and (ii) the aggregate amount of proceeds from the issuance of all 
outstanding debt instruments issued by a non-Swiss member of the Group with the parental guarantee of a Swiss 
member of the Group (including the Notes) that is being applied by any member of the Group in Switzerland does 
not exceed the amount that is permissible under the taxation laws in effect at such time in Switzerland without

--- Page 37 ---
580729450 
30 
subjecting interest payments due under the Notes (or any payments under the Guarantee in respect thereof) to 
Swiss federal withholding tax.  
The holders of Notes should be aware that, although the terms of the Notes provide that, in the event of any 
withholding or deduction on account of Swiss tax being required by Swiss law, the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be, shall, subject to certain exceptions, pay additional amounts so that the net amount received by the 
holders of the Notes shall equal the amount which would have been received by such holder in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction, such obligation may contravene Swiss legislation and be null and void and not 
enforceable in Switzerland. (See also above under “—Payments of additional amounts are subject to exceptions 
and may not be enforceable”). 
The tax treatment of the Notes with respect to Swiss withholding tax may change if the Swiss withholding tax 
system were reformed 
In 2022, a new draft legislation that would have provided for the abolition of Swiss withholding tax on interest 
payments on bonds was rejected in a public referendum vote. Prior to this draft legislation, the Swiss Federal 
Council had in 2017 initiated a reform of the Swiss withholding tax system for interest payments on notes which 
provided for, among other things, a replacement of the current debtor-based regime applicable to interest payments 
with a paying agent-based regime for Swiss withholding tax. This paying agent-based regime was intended to (i) 
subject all interest payments made by paying agents in Switzerland to individuals resident in Switzerland to Swiss 
withholding tax and (ii) exempt from Swiss withholding tax interest payments to all other persons, including to 
Swiss domiciled legal entities and foreign investors (other than for indirect interest payments via foreign and 
domestic collective investments vehicles). While this reform had been abolished before being submitted to 
parliament (after a negative outcome in the consultation on the draft legislation), if such a new paying agent-based 
regime were to be enacted and were to result in the deduction or withholding of Swiss withholding tax on any 
interest payments in respect of a Note by any person other than the Issuer, the holder would not be entitled to 
receive any additional amounts as a result of such deduction or withholding under the terms of the Notes.. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be liquid. If a Tranche of Notes is issued to a single investor or a limited number of investors, this may 
result in an even more illiquid or volatile market in such Notes. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their 
Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, and are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured 
to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have 
a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have 
a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
The market prices of the Notes may be volatile 
The market prices of the Notes will depend on many factors that may vary over time and some of which are 
beyond the Issuer's control, including the Issuer's and Guarantor's financial performance, the amount of 
indebtedness the Guarantor and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis have outstanding, market interest rates, 
the market for similar securities, competition and general economic, political or regulatory conditions. As a result 
of these factors, investors may only be able to sell their Notes at prices below those investors believe to be 
appropriate, including prices below the price the investors have paid for them. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls

--- Page 38 ---
580729450 
31 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor (if applicable) will make any payments 
under the Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an 
investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor's 
Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and 
the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. 
An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
Interest rate risks 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme which pay a fixed Rate of Interest. Investment in Fixed Rate 
Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of Fixed 
Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of 
credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not 
been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of 
registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays 
between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the 
updated list by ESMA. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). As such, UK regulated investors 
are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating 
agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) 
issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note 
this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, 
not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In 
the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued 
use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the

--- Page 39 ---
580729450 
32 
EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the 
value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings of the Notes, if applicable, will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 40 ---
580729450 
33 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following: 
1. 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, which 
was prepared in accordance with Belgian GAAP, together with the independent auditor’s report 
thereon, and the annual report of the board of directors (which are available at 
https://dam.lonza.com/dmm3bwsv3/assetstream.aspx?assetid=17526&mediaformatid=10061&desti
nationid=10016&cat=Corporate+Brand&accesskey=cabbdb2c-7cdc-4053-af0d-6f312344de32); 
The below page numbers refer to the  
Issuer’s financial statements and independent auditor’s report  
for the year ended 31 December 2020 
Financial statements  ................................................................................................................... page 1 
Statutory auditor’s report  ......................................................................................................... page 61 
 
2. 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2021, which 
was prepared in accordance with Belgian GAAP, together with the independent auditor’s report 
thereon, and the annual report of the board of directors (which are available at 
https://dam.lonza.com/dmm3bwsv3/assetstream.aspx?assetid=17525&mediaformatid=10061&desti
nationid=10016&cat=Corporate+Brand&accesskey=cabbdb2c-7cdc-4053-af0d-6f312344de32); 
The below page numbers refer to the  
Issuer’s financial statements and independent auditor’s report  
for the year ended 31 December 2021 
Financial statements  ................................................................................................................... page 1 
Statutory auditor’s report .......................................................................................................... page 35 
 
3. 
the following sections of the Group’s annual report and account for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(the 
“2022 Annual 
Report”) 
(which report 
is available 
at 
https://www.lonza.com/-
/media/Lonza/Lonzacom/investor-relations/Financial%20Reports/2022_AR.pdf): 
The below page numbers refer to the 
Group’s 2022 Annual Report 
Letter from the Chairman  ...................................................................................................... pages 6-7 
Our Strategic Priorities  ..................................................................................................... pages 22-24 
Our Approach to Sustainability  ......................................................................................... pages 26-29 
Innovation in 2022  ............................................................................................................ pages 36-37 
Biologics  .......................................................................................................................... pages 38-462 
Small Molecules  .............................................................................................................. pages 48-533 
 
2  Excluding, at page 45, the table titled “Financial Performance in Full-Year 2022”. 
3  Excluding, at page 50, the table titled “Financial Performance in Full-Year 2022”.

--- Page 41 ---
580729450 
34 
Cell & Gene  ..................................................................................................................... pages 54-594 
Capsules & Health Ingredients  ........................................................................................ pages 60-645 
 
4. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 
2022, together with the auditor’s report thereon, which appear on pages 69 to 154 of the Group’s 2022 
Annual 
Report 
(the 
“2022 
Financial 
Statements”) 
(which 
report 
is 
available 
at 
https://www.lonza.com/-/media/Lonza/Lonzacom/investor-
relations/Financial%20Reports/2022_AR.pdf): 
  The below page numbers refer to 
the Group’s 2022 Annual Report 
Financial statements (section heading)  .................................................................................... page 69 
Consolidated balance sheet  ...................................................................................................... page 70 
Consolidated income statement  ............................................................................................... page 72 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income  .................................................................. page 73 
Consolidated cash flow statement  ............................................................................................ page 74 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity  ........................................................................... page 76 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  ........................................................................ page 77 
Statutory auditor’s report  ....................................................................................................... page 150 
 
5. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 
2021, together with the auditor’s report thereon, which appear on pages 69 to 156 of the Group’s 
annual report and accounts for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the “2021 Financial Statements”) 
(which 
report 
is 
available 
at 
https://www.lonza.com/-/media/Lonza/Lonzacom/investor-
relations/Financial%20Reports/2021_Annual_report.pdf):  
The below page numbers refer to the 
Group’s annual report and accounts 
for the year ended 31 December 
2021 
Financial statements (section heading)  .................................................................................... page 69 
Consolidated balance sheet  ...................................................................................................... page 70 
Consolidated income statement  ............................................................................................... page 72 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income  .................................................................. page 73 
Consolidated cash flow statement  ............................................................................................ page 74 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity  ........................................................................... page 76 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  ........................................................................ page 77 
 
4  Excluding, at page 57, the table titled “Financial Performance in Full-Year 2022”. 
5  Excluding, at page 62, the table titled “Financial Performance in Full-Year 2022”.

--- Page 42 ---
580729450 
35 
Statutory auditor’s report  ....................................................................................................... page 152 
 
together, the “Documents Incorporated by Reference”. 
The Documents Incorporated by Reference have been previously published or are published simultaneously 
with this Base Prospectus and have been approved by the CSSF or filed with it. The Documents Incorporated 
by Reference shall be incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement 
contained in a Document Incorporated by Reference shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this 
Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except 
as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Those parts of the Documents 
Incorporated by Reference which are not specifically incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are 
either not relevant for prospective investors in the Notes or the relevant information is included elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus. Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the Documents 
Incorporated by Reference shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Documents Incorporated by Reference may be obtained (without charge) from the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.lonza.com and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at https://www.luxse.com.

--- Page 43 ---
580729450 
36 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
1. 
General Information 
Lonza Finance International NV (the “Issuer”) is a limited liability company (société anonyme/naamloze 
vennootschap) incorporated under the laws of the Kingdom of Belgium on 18 October 2019 for an unlimited 
duration and registered on 22 October 2019 with the Belgian Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under number 
0736.673.428 (RPR-RPM, Antwerp, division Mechelen). 
The address of the Issuer’s statutory office is Rijksweg 11, B-2880 Bornem, Belgium (telephone: +32 (0) 3-890-
05-11). 
The financial year of the Issuer ends currently on 31 December of each calendar year.   
Lonza Finance International NV is the Issuer’s legal and commercial name. 
2. 
Principal Activities and Purpose 
The Issuer is a finance vehicle. The principal activity of the Issuer is to finance the business operations of the 
Group by incurring financial indebtedness (including by issuing the Notes) and on-lending the proceeds thereof 
to or for the benefit of members of the Group. On 17 April 2020, the Issuer issued a Eurobond of €500,000,000 
at an issue price of 99.424 per cent. The net proceeds of the issuance (€495,495,000) were on lent to the Guarantor 
for the purpose of refinancing existing debt and for general corporate purposes.  
Pursuant to article 3 of the articles of association of the Issuer dated 8 November 2019, the object of the Issuer is 
as follows (unofficial English translation):  
“The purpose of the company is financing and the provision of services, in particular within the companies of 
Lonza Group AG, and the participation in domestic and foreign industrial and commercial companies. The 
company may also acquire and administer real estate and immaterial rights. 
The company has also as its object: 
a)  
exclusively in its own name and for its own account: the construction, development and management of 
real estate; all actions, within or outside the VAT system, regarding its properties and real estate, such as the 
purchase, sale, construction, renovation, planning, rent and lease, exchange, parcelling and, in general, all 
actions that are directly or indirectly linked with the management or exploitation of property rights or real estate; 
b)  
exclusively in its own name and for its own account: the establishment, the competent development and 
the management of movable assets, all the actions related to its movable property, of every kind, such as the sale 
and the purchase, the rent and the lease, the exchange, and in particular the management and the valuation of all 
negotiable goods, shares, bonds, government funds;  
c)  
exclusively in its own name and for its own account: borrow and grant loans, credits, financing and the 
negotiation of leasing contracts, in the framework of the objectives described above. 
The company may grant security to secure its own obligations or to secure obligations of third parties, by amongst 
other things mortgage or pledge its goods, including the own business. It may act as a guarantor or provide 
collateral for the benefit of companies or individuals, in the broadest sense. 
The company may in general carry out all commercial, industrial, financial, movable and immovable transactions 
which directly or indirectly relate to its object or which could partially or wholly facilitate the achievement 
thereof. 
It may take interests through association, contribution, merger, financial intervention or in any other way, in all 
companies, associations or companies with an identical, concurrent or coherent object as its own object, or which

--- Page 44 ---
580729450 
37 
may be of a beneficial nature for the development of its business or form a source of sales. 
It can perform the functions of a director or liquidator in other companies. 
In the event that the performance of certain acts would be subject to prior conditions for access to the profession, 
the company will make its action with regard to the performance of these acts subject to the fulfilment of these 
conditions.” 
3. 
Organisational Structure and Dependence 
The Issuer is a direct and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor. The Issuer has no subsidiaries. The Issuer is 
dependent on the Guarantor and/or other members of the Group to, among other things, meet the Issuer’s cash 
flow requirements. In particular, the Issuer is reliant on receiving funds from the Guarantor and/or other members 
of the Group to enable the Issuer to service principal and interest payments in respect of its finance obligations. 
4. 
Management  
The Issuer has 6 directors: Daniel Blaettler, Caroline Hoogsteyns, Kim Onghena, Bart Pelgrims, Oliver Van 
Hoorebeke and Matthias Wagner.  The business address of each of the directors is the statutory office of the Issuer. 
Caroline Hoogsteyns is an independent director. 
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Issuer of the directors stated 
above and their private interests or other duties. 
There are no activities performed by the directors of the Issuer outside their role as directors of the Issuer which 
are significant with respect to the Issuer.  
The board of directors of the Issuer has an audit committee (audit comité / comité d’audit) within the meaning of 
Article 7:99 of the Code, comprising of Caroline Hoogsteyns, Bart Pelgrims and Matthias Wagner.  The primary 
responsibilities of the audit committee are to (a) monitor the Issuer’s financial reporting process and its statutory 
and internal audits, and (b) at relevant times, propose to the board of directors, candidate(s) to be appointed or 
reappointed as the Issuer’s statutory auditor. 
5. 
Independent Statutory Auditors 
The financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2020, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been audited in accordance with the International 
Standards on Auditing as applicable in Belgium, by KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren BV, statutory auditors, with their 
address at Luchthaven Brussel Nationaal 1K, 1930 Zaventem, Belgium, which are registered with the Belgian 
Institute of Registered Auditors under number B00001. 
6. 
Share Capital 
The issued share capital of the Issuer amounts to €43,061,500 divided into 43,061,500 registered shares without 
nominal value, representing each an equal part of the capital, which are all held by the Guarantor. The capital is 
fully issued and paid-up. The Issuer does not have unissued capital.

--- Page 45 ---
580729450 
38 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
1. 
General Information 
Legal Form, Legislation, Incorporation, Founder, Register, Duration, Registered Office, Head Office, Name 
Lonza Group AG (also known as Lonza Group Ltd) (the “Guarantor”) is a stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) 
organised under the laws of Switzerland in accordance with articles 620 et seqq. Code of Obligations (“CO”). 
The Guarantor was founded under the name of Axera AG in the Commercial Register of Zurich on 16 March 
1999. As of 16 August 1999, it changed its name to Lonza Group Ltd. On 27 March 2002, the Guarantor was 
registered with the Commercial Register of Basel-City (register number CH-020.3.021.634-0) and is now 
registered under the register number CHE-106.841.866. Neither the Guarantor’s articles of association (the 
“Guarantor’s Articles of Association”) nor the operation of law limit the duration of the Guarantor. 
The registered and head office of the Guarantor is at Münchensteinerstrasse 38, 4052 Basel, Switzerland 
(telephone: +41 61 316 8111). 
Lonza Group AG operates under the commercial name of “Lonza”. 
Purpose and Financial Year 
The principal purpose of the Guarantor is set out in article 2 of the Guarantor’s Articles of Association (in effect 
at the date of this Base Prospectus): 
“The purpose of the Company is the participation, in whatever form, in companies active in whatever way in the 
fields of chemistry, energy and related fields, as well as engaging in all commercial, financial and other activities 
appropriate to such interests. The Company may also engage directly in the above mentioned business fields. 
The Company may, subject to legal provisions, extend its activities to other fields which are directly or indirectly 
related to its purpose.” 
The financial year of the Guarantor ends currently on 31 December of each calendar year. 
Rating of the Guarantor 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor’s senior long term debt obligations have been rated “BBB+” 
(outlook: stable) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (as 
amended by Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011 and Regulation (EU) No 462/2013), as it appears on the list published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) as last updated on 27 March 2023. No information from any such website is deemed 
to be incorporated in or forms part of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer and the Guarantor do not take any 
responsibility for the information contained on any such website. 
2. 
Business Overview of the Guarantor and the Group 
Principal Activities  
Business Overview 
Lonza is one of the preferred global partners to the pharmaceutical, biotech and nutrition markets. Lonza focuses 
on enabling treatments that prevent illness and support healthier lifestyles. Lonza optimises scientific innovation 
and manufacturing technology to enable its customers to serve their patients and consumers.  
By combining technological insight with world-class manufacturing, scientific expertise and process excellence, 
Lonza helps its customers to deliver new and innovative medicines that help treat a wide range of diseases.

--- Page 46 ---
580729450 
39 
Lonza provides a wide range of services and products from early-phase discovery to custom development and 
manufacturing of active pharmaceutical ingredients to innovative dosage forms for the pharma and consumer 
health and nutrition industries. Its scale and resources mean it can provide a one-stop solution for its customers to 
help people get well, feel well, and stay well.  
Founded in 1897 in the Swiss Alps, Lonza operates across five continents. With more than 17,400 full-time 
equivalent employees (as at the end of 2022), it comprises high-performing teams and individual talent that make 
a meaningful difference to its own business, as well as to the communities in which it operates. Lonza’s business 
benefits from global supply chains, but it has worked to maintain the agility to address marketplace needs on a 
local level. 
Lonza’s business is structured to meet its customers’ complex needs across four operating segments: (i) Biologics; 
(ii) Small Molecules; (iii) Cell & Gene; and (iv) Capsules & Health Ingredients (see below). 
As at the end of 2022, the Group has more than 35 global development and manufacturing sites. In the financial 
year ended 31 December 2022, Lonza generated: 
 
sales of CHF 6,223 million (compared with CHF 5,409 million in 2021, representing growth of 15.0 per 
cent, over such period); 
 
CORE Adjusted EBITDA of CHF 1,995 million (compared with CHF 1,665 million in 2021); and 
 
CORE Adjusted EBITDA Margin of 32.1 per cent (compared with 30.8 per cent in 2021). 
The Group has also continued its accelerated investment programme to support future growth. Total capital 
expenditure (“CAPEX”) for 2022 reached CHF 1.9 billion, up from CHF 1.3 billion for 2021, and is equivalent 
to 30 per cent. of sales. This brings the Group's cash purchases for CAPEX programmes to CHF 4.1 billion over 
the three year period ending 31 December 2022 and CHF 4.9 billion over the four year period ending 31 December 
2022. 
See “Alternative Performance Measures" for an explanation of Lonza’s CORE results and other financial metrics 
(including CAPEX) used by the Group. 
Operating Segments  
Biologics  
Lonza is a full service contract development and manufacturing organisation (“CDMO”), active across a wide 
range of biologics modalities, including mammalian, microbial, bioconjugates, mRNA and drug product services 
to the biotech and pharma industry.  
In the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the Biologics segment generated sales of CHF 3,274 million. 
Throughout 2022, Lonza continued to further strengthen its integrated end-to-end approach and expand its global 
network to match market and customer needs. In particular, Lonza offers clinical and commercial manufacturing 
services across its global network, from small-scale (1,000L to 2,000L) through mid-scale (3,000L and 6,000L) 
to large-scale (10,000L, 15,000L and 20,000L). Lonza’s expertise in stainless steel, single-use and hybrid 
technologies, and development and innovation capabilities helps its customers to de-risk the path to market. 
Mammalian is a critical manufacturing technology for the pharma and biotech industry. Lonza holds a leading 
position in this space, backed by more than 30 years of experience in manufacturing mammalian cell culture. 
Alongside this established track record, Lonza provides an integrated range of services that span late discovery to 
commercial supply. 
As the pipeline for mammalian expression becomes more complex, Lonza uses its proprietary GS XceedR 
Expression System in combination with other molecular tools, such as GS PiggyBacR for stable expression of 
large DNA cargos and bYlokR Technology, for the discovery and design of bsAbs. These molecular tools have

--- Page 47 ---
580729450 
40 
been designed to meet the needs of new and complex molecular formats. They carry multiple customer benefits 
by improving speed to market as well as helping to reduce costs and delays that may arise from low yields or poor 
batch quality. 
Lonza’s extensive mammalian manufacturing capacities include small-scale, single-use systems to mid-scale and 
large-scale stainless steel assets. With facilities located across the U.S., Europe and Asia, Lonza can offer its 
customers phase-appropriate capacity and can respond to the increasing need for regional manufacturing hubs. 
Within Lonza’s Microbial business, Lonza supports customers at every step on the path to commercialisation, 
including strain development, cell banking, process development, and process optimisation. With more than three 
decades of experience manufacturing microbial products at Lonza’s Visp (Switzerland) site, along with Lonza’s 
established regulatory expertise, Lonza has an unparalleled track record of delivering commercial supply. Its 
proprietary XS TechnologiesR expression systems support its mid-scale and large-scale commercial 
manufacturing offerings. These expression systems target the biotherapeutics pipeline, which continues to show 
sustained growth. They also support multiple classes of more complex molecule development projects to meet the 
specialised needs of smaller biotech customers. 
Lonza’s microbial customers also benefit from Lonza’s extensive experience and capabilities in advanced 
engineering and process development. Lonza’s toolbox can deliver a scalable, efficient and compliant process 
with established and reliable technologies. Its XS TechnologiesR platform for microbial expression includes 
Escherichia coli, Pichia pastoris and Bacillus subtilis expression systems. 
As one of the first CDMOs to support the commercialisation of bioconjugates, Lonza has a broad and established 
capability in manufacturing these complex molecules. Representing a growing class of biopharmaceuticals, they 
are an important pillar of Lonza’s Biologics business. Lonza’s offering covers all elements of the complex supply 
chain, from late discovery through to commercialisation, including the manufacturing of monoclonal antibodies, 
linkers and payload, and other components. Lonza supports the development and manufacturing of protein 
modalities, including the option for early tuning and de-risking. The offering includes the synthesis and 
purification of small molecule linkers and payloads prior to bioconjugation, supported by a toolbox of modality-
agnostic technologies. The bioconjugation toolbox concept offers Lonza’s customers access to a selected range of 
robust and scalable advanced technologies that meet the unique needs of these complex molecules. 
mRNA technology has the potential to transform the way many illnesses and infections are managed and treated. 
Lonza pioneered the commercialisation of this modality through the successful delivery of the drug substance for 
Moderna’s COVID-19 vaccine. The possibilities for this technology have truly emerged in the last three years and 
Lonza is working to capture future opportunities by completing its offering across the value chain. To support this 
ambition, Lonza is building additional mRNA and lipid nanoparticle process and analytical development labs, as 
well as clinical current Good Manufacturing Practices (“cGMP”) capabilities at its site in Geleen (Netherlands). 
These expanded development services are expected to come online at the beginning of 2023, with cGMP readiness 
scheduled for early 2024. 
Lonza’s Drug Product Services offering focuses on parenteral dosage forms. Lonza’s portfolio includes products 
for injection and infusion for intravenous, subcutaneous, intraocular and other routes of parenteral administration. 
Its integrated modality-agnostic offering and extensive regulatory expertise can support monoclonal antibodies as 
well as other biologics including novel formats. It also supports noncytotoxic bioconjugates, peptides, viral vector 
and small molecules. 
In 2022, strong sales growth in Biologics was supported by a robust underlying performance and a peak in 
COVID-related sales. The business experienced sustained levels of customer demand for commercial capacity. 
By bringing new facilities online during the year, such as the 6K mid-scale mammalian facility in Portsmouth 
(United States), and building new capacity, including the large-scale mammalian facility in Visp (Switzerland),

--- Page 48 ---
580729450 
41 
Lonza will continue to meet sustained customer demand. As an example, in a new agreement with GSK Plc 
(“GSK”), Lonza will commence activities to manufacture a marketed product in its 20K mammalian facility. This 
marks the beginning of a wider strategic partnership with GSK. 
Lonza also approved a series of significant new expansions across multiple modalities, including a commercial 
drug product facility in Stein (Switzerland). 
Looking to 2023, Lonza’s top priority in Biologics is to continue to provide strong manufacturing and development 
expertise to its customers and deliver on its ambitious growth projects across modalities. Lonza will also work on 
continuing to leverage its expertise in product introductions and technology transfers to optimise current capacity. 
Finally, Lonza will maintain targeted investment in internal and external innovation to strengthen its technology 
offering. 
Small Molecules 
The Small Molecules division offering covers drug substance, particle engineering and drug product development 
and manufacturing. With a global network of five sites across Europe, the U.S. and China, Lonza’s geographical 
footprint remains aligned with the biopharmaceutical industry’s major growth markets. These markets account for 
more than 60 per cent of overall global pharmaceutical growth.  
In the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the Small Molecules segment generated sales of CHF 819 million. 
In 2022, existing commercial products and the clinical pipeline drove sustained customer demand in the Small 
Molecules division. Lonza has a robust order book of future committed business, which provides mid-term 
visibility and security. It means its assets are highly utilised, which can create longer lead times to onboard new 
programs and customers. To address this, Lonza has invested to expand its capability to meet ongoing demand for 
early phase programs. 
Lonza’s priority is to strengthen its portfolio in the highest value areas of the market. Market and customer 
segmentation is focused on companies that are most likely to benefit from Lonza’s specialised service offerings 
and capabilities in complex and highly potent products. Lonza continues to strengthen its early phase offerings in 
these areas through innovation and by deploying new agile manufacturing solutions. 
In 2022, Lonza consolidated its particle reduction size capabilities with the divestment of its former site in 
Quakertown (United States). Lonza’s micronisation and milling capabilities are now centralised in its Monteggio 
site (Switzerland). This maximises potential synergies arising from the Monteggio site’s proximity to Lonza’s 
Visp (Switzerland) API manufacturing centre. In addition, Lonza’s ability to meet accelerated timelines for 
increasingly complex molecules has been enhanced by increasing capacity for the manufacture of antibody-drug 
conjugates payloads at its Visp (Switzerland) site.  
Cell & Gene  
Lonza’s offering includes development and manufacturing services, products, solutions, testing and automation 
platforms. Lonza also offers tools and technologies to enable cell and gene innovators to develop, de-risk and 
industrialise their therapies. Lonza supports customers from research to commercial production through its global 
network spanning three continents.  
In the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the Cell & Gene segment generated sales of CHF 693 million. In 
2022, the Cell & Gene division benefitted from strong overall performance in the Bioscience business unit. 
In Lonza’s Cell & Gene Technologies business, two additional cell and gene therapies manufactured at Lonza’s 
Houston (United States) site achieved Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) approval. However, delays in 
clinical trials and customer product challenges impacted sales growth. 
Lonza’s Personalised Medicines business unit remained focused on key research and development (“R&D”)

--- Page 49 ---
580729450 
42 
initiatives and scaling manufacturing, with multiple clinical-stage therapies now being manufactured on the 
Cocoon® Platform. 
The Bioscience business continues to experience strong customer demand across its portfolio, especially in testing 
and media. A strategic reconfiguration in Bioscience in 2022 will support the business to deliver innovative 
products at scale in the long-term, with an emphasis on capturing market share in growth modalities, specifically 
cell and gene therapies and next-generation biologics. 
Capsules & Health Ingredients 
Lonza’s broad range of high-quality capsules and health ingredients are manufactured across its global network, 
in ten locations spanning three continents. From multiple global innovation centres, with experienced, talented 
teams and state-of-the-art equipment, Lonza also offers customers a variety of collaboration and innovation 
opportunities to support their end-to-end product development plans. To deliver a comprehensive service, Lonza 
provides its customers with both local and international technical, quality and regulatory support.  
In the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the Capsules & Health Ingredients segment generated sales of 
CHF 1,266 million. In 2022, the Capsules & Health Ingredients division’s sales growth was mainly driven by 
price increases and pharma demand. Lonza continued to serve evolving customer needs through innovation across 
a broad range of services and modalities. By developing new capsules and dosage delivery capabilities – mainly 
driven by specialty capsules – Lonza has maintained a highly differentiated offering in its product portfolio and 
technologies. 
More widely, Lonza’s new Launch with Lonza™ services has been designed to further enhance collaboration with 
customers interested in Lonza’s innovative and complete solutions for the pharmaceutical and nutraceutical 
markets. Lonza’s range of services also support more complex formulations and end-to-end delivery, in particular 
in nutraceuticals. 
Partnership and Joint Ventures  
Lonza and Sanofi entered into a strategic partnership in 2017 to build and operate a mammalian cell culture facility 
for monoclonal antibody production in Visp (Switzerland). The large-scale facility, which utilises 20,000L 
bioreactors, became operational in 2021. 
Bacthera is a strategic joint venture which was established by Lonza and Chr. Hansen in 2019. The company is 
now a leading specialised CDMO dedicated to the Live Biotherapeutic Product (“LBP”) industry. Since 2020, it 
has offered drug substance and drug product development services for customers developing LBPs. The 
company’s sites in Hørsholm (Denmark) and Basel (Switzerland) both received manufacturing and good 
manufacturing practice licenses from their respective national health authorities in May 2021, to supply customers 
with LBP medicines for human clinical trials and ultimately develop commercial products. It also acquired a 
cGMP manufacturing site in León (Spain) on 10 March 2023. 
In November 2021, Bacthera announced a collaboration with Seres Therapeutics, a leading microbiome 
therapeutics company, to manufacture SER-109, which is Seres’ lead product candidate for recurrent 
Clostridioides difficile infection. SER-109 has potential to become the first LBP to go into commercial production. 
Moving forward, Bacthera will continue to expand its offering, including larger cGMP batch sizes for Phase 3 and 
commercial production. The company’s ambition is to cover the entire drug substance and drug product supply 
chain for LBPs in an integrated offering. 
As part of the Seres Therapeutics collaboration, a new Microbiome Center of Excellence will be located at Lonza’s 
Ibex® Solutions campus in Visp (Switzerland). With this new facility, Bacthera will offer fully integrated end-to-
end live biotherapeutic development, clinical trial material manufacturing and commercial manufacturing

--- Page 50 ---
580729450 
43 
services. 
Lonza Specialty Ingredients 
On 23 July 2020, Lonza's Board of Directors decided to divest the Lonza Specialty Ingredients business via a 
sales process. On 8 February 2021, Lonza announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement with Bain 
Capital and Cinven. The divestment of the former Specialty Ingredients business was completed on 1 July 2021 
for an enterprise value of CHF 4.2 billion and was completed before 31 December 2021. 
Production and Distribution 
Lonza develops and manufactures products across more than 35 owned and leased major R&D and manufacturing 
sites located on a number of continents. Lonza believes that its regional presence allows it to service customers in 
a consistent and reliable fashion. Local supply serves to reduce lead times, particularly in the pharmaceutical end-
market where time can be of the essence. The Group's regional facilities also assure global and regional customers 
of redundancy and consistency of supply. The breadth and scale of the Group's global operations provide it with 
the flexibility to shift or increase production to meet customers' changing needs in a timely manner. Each 
manufacturing site discretely focuses on specific technologies, market segments and regions. Many of the facilities 
have specialised capabilities and infrastructure to address ingredients that require specialised handling. 
Quality Control and Assurance 
Lonza is committed to providing customers with products and services meeting all specifications and fulfilling 
customer and regulatory authorities’ needs, expectations, and guidelines. Lonza places high priority and emphasis 
on the integrity of its products, their safe manufacture and distribution, and compliance with environmental and 
other relevant regulations. To achieve these goals, Lonza operates local quality management systems which 
comply with internal policies as well as with national and international standards (e.g. International Organisation 
for Standardisation (“ISO”) and regulations (e.g. cGMP / Good Manufacturing Practices (“GMP”), 
Pharmaceutical Inspection Convention (“PIC”), and hazard analysis and critical control points (“HACCP”)). 
Quality Management System 
Lonza operates local quality management systems which comply with internal policies as well as with national 
and international standards (e.g. ISO) and regulations (e.g. cGMP/GMP, PIC, HACCP and FSSC 22000 Food 
Safety System Certification (“FSSC”)). The fundamental elements of these systems are continually undergoing 
improvement. 
Lonza’s process-oriented quality management system consists of management instruments which define the 
structure, organisation, responsibilities, processes and methods for the implementation of the Group’s quality 
policy. It is a management tool for the description and mastering of the essential business processes, assignment 
of responsibilities for tasks and decisions, identification of key success factors and measurement of performance, 
definition and management of important inputs and outputs, and periodical review of the processes and assessment 
of the system. 
Policies, Standards and Certifications 
The Group’s quality systems comply with the internal quality policy as well as with the international standards 
for quality management systems as defined by the ISO 9001:2008. The systems are globally certified, where 
needed, by an independent institution. 
As a manufacturer for the life science industry, Lonza is fully committed to the cGMP comprising the internal 
GMP policy as well as local law and international guidelines adopted by the FDA and European Medicines Agency 
and other regulatory authorities.

--- Page 51 ---
580729450 
44 
Where the Group produces ingredients for human and animal nutrition it has feed/food safety management 
systems in place, certified to ISO 22000:2005, FSSC 22000:2010 and/or quality and safety systems for specialty 
feed ingredients and their mixtures (“FAMI-QS”), to ensure the extremely high quality of all substances entering 
the food chain. 
Lonza’s sites are covered by a global certification scheme, with a single ISO 9001 certificate for all certified sites. 
Selected sites have additional certificates (ISO 14001, Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series 18001, 
ISO 13485, FAMI-QS, HACCP, FSSC 22000, and European Federation for Cosmetic Ingredients, ISO 22716). 
Furthermore, the Group’s facilities are subject to periodic inspection by customers, regulatory agencies, and 
certification entities. 
Research and Technology 
In order to keep abreast of industry developments and to accommodate the rapidly changing needs of the Group’s 
customers, Lonza engages in on-going product development activities and places considerable emphasis on R&D 
to improve its existing products, develop new modalities and products (including focusing on solubility and 
bioavailability issues) and to customise products and manufacturing processes to meet the needs of the Group’s 
customers. To this end, the Group’s R&D’s activities also focus on the development of new production processes 
and the improvement of existing production processes. Lonza’s R&D’s activities, including the use of new 
technologies, are an integral part of the Group’s strategy to stay competitive. 
Competition 
The Group faces, and will face, competition in each of its market segments. Competition is driven by proprietary 
technologies and know-how, as well as quality and performance, consistency, price, ability to scale manufacturing 
and customer support, such as with regulatory approvals, new product development and marketing. 
Intellectual Property 
Lonza's success depends in part on its ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for its products and 
product candidates, technology and know-how, to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others and 
to prevent others from infringing its proprietary rights. Lonza seeks to protect its proprietary position by, among 
other methods, filing patent applications in Europe, the United States and other relevant jurisdictions where patent 
protection is available. Lonza also relies on trade secrets, know-how, and continuing technology innovation to 
develop and maintain its proprietary position. 
As of 1 February 2023, Lonza had approximately 346 active patent families and 1677 granted patents globally 
and 127 pending patent applications in Europe. In addition, as of 1 February 2023, Lonza had more than 2619 
active trademark filings, more than 274 brands globally and more than 580 registered domains. Lonza has in the 
past enforced and will continue to enforce intellectual property rights in jurisdictions around the globe. The Group 
does not consider any particular intellectual property right to be material to its overall business. 
Supply and Raw Materials 
The Group uses a broad and diverse range of raw materials in the design, development and manufacture of its 
products and those of its customers. Such raw materials range from feedstock up to complex and high performance 
chemicals as well as pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical specialties. 
Sourcing of feedstock and basic chemicals gives the Group some exposure to commodity markets which are at 
times volatile. In Lonza's custom manufacturing areas, raw material costs are partially passed through to the 
Group's customers. The Group controls its commodity exposure partially by market index based customer 
agreements. Any residual exposure is controlled through hedging activities. 
The Group's supply base has been historically strongly positioned in established markets such as Europe and North

--- Page 52 ---
580729450 
45 
America. Building on the growth prospects in emerging economies, the Group's supply base follows by expanding 
increasingly towards Asia. Special attention is given to the rulings of the Group's supplier code of conduct. Supply 
is tightly controlled by stringent supplier onboarding, qualification and review procedures. All third party 
deliveries need to comply with dedicated specifications. Incoming goods inspections ensure that quality 
parameters are met and supplier performance passes minimum requirements. The Group's sourcing teams are 
well-placed to give high priority on surety of supply, while at all times ensuring competitive positioning of the 
Group's demands in the respective sourcing markets. 
Sales and Marketing 
The Group has an aggregate sales and marketing force of approximately 800 employees as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Sales and marketing strategy is primarily based on business-to-business transactions with the sales 
and marketing force interfacing with the Group's existing customers and potential new customers on a daily basis.  
Sales are mainly executed via direct contact with the Group's customers. Very frequently, contracts are executed 
on a strict confidential disclosure agreement basis. While the sales and marketing activities are largely carried out 
by the respective business units, the Group also markets its products and services by attending international trade 
shows and conventions and participation of Lonza representatives in scientific presentations and academic 
lectures. 
Properties 
The Group's headquarters are in Basel, Switzerland. In addition, Lonza has sites and offices in approximately 55 
cities (as at the end of 2022), with key facilities in Visp (Switzerland), Portsmouth (USA), Slough (UK), Nansha 
(China) and Singapore. Its global presence enables the Group to provide production, R&D and sales services to 
customers worldwide, and have the flexibility to address regional and even local marketplace needs. In the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022, 41.8 per cent, of the Group’s sales were generated in the Americas, 45.8 
per cent, in Europe, 12.1 per cent, in Asia and 0.3 per cent, in other regions. 
Employees 
As at the end of 2022, the Group employed more than 17,400 full-time equivalent employees. Certain of the 
Group's employees are represented by labour organisations, and national works councils and/or labour 
organisations are active at the Group's European facilities consistent with labour environments/laws in European 
countries. 
Environment, Health and Safety and Sustainability 
The Group's operations are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in each of 
the jurisdictions in which it operates. These laws and regulations govern, among other things, air emissions, 
wastewater discharges, the use, management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, soil and 
groundwater contamination and employee health and safety. 
The Group’s sustainability policy focuses on providing the highest quality products and services to its customers 
while minimising its impact on the environment, striving for energy and resource efficiency and helping to 
improve life quality. This comprises five elements: 
 
Compliance and Integrity. Lonza ensures that regulatory compliance, integrity and ethical conduct are 
the foundations in every place it operates. 
 
Vision ZERO. Lonza continually improves its systems and aspires to zero incidents, injuries and 
environmental footprint. 
 
Our people. Lonza develops its employees by helping them grow. Lonza provides safe workplaces, cares 
for employees’ well-being and fosters their involvement and participation.

--- Page 53 ---
580729450 
46 
 
Our environment. Lonza strives to continually reduce emissions, energy, water and material intensity. 
 
Value for society. Lonza creates value for society by innovating science-based solutions to enable a 
healthier world, and Lonza engages in the communities where it operates. 
The Group has a number of activities and projects underway to deeper embed sustainability within the Group’s 
operations and external collaborations. These include setting safety and sustainability targets with a financially 
focused denominator (per CHF 1 million of sales) to ensure they can be applied across the Group’s diverse product 
portfolio. 
The Group has established operational controls, environmental monitoring and routine risk assessment and 
mitigation processes. Additionally, the Group maintains an ongoing audit system, including both internal and 
external environmental, health and safety audits, designed to help identify and mitigate risks and measure 
performance against the Group’s standards. 
In addition, the Group supports the UN Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”). These goals span health, 
education, inequalities, responsible consumption, climate change and natural resources. The Group has prioritised 
seven SDGs which are most relevant for its operations: good health and well-being; quality education; gender 
equality; clean water and sanitation; industry, innovation and infrastructure; responsible consumption and 
production; and climate action. These goals are embedded within Lonza’s sustainability roadmap and provide a 
focus for its targets and achievements. To raise awareness and drive engagement with these important metrics, 
each of the seven SDGs has been directly assigned to an Executive Committee member. They are each supported 
by a Program Manager to develop initiatives and oversee implementation across the business. As of 2022, these 
SDGs and related performance metrics are built into Lonza’s global compensation framework, to capture 
sustainability as a key measure of both business success and personal development. The importance of 
sustainability means that Lonza envisages developing a sustainability financing framework in due course. 
Court, Arbitration and Administrative Proceedings 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including in the documents incorporated by reference herein), there are 
no litigation or arbitration proceedings against or affecting the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries or any of its 
assets, nor is the Guarantor aware of any pending or threatened proceedings, which, in each case, are or might be 
material in the context of the issue of the Notes. 
3. 
Organisational Structure 
The Guarantor is the parent company of the Issuer and is the ultimate parent company of the Group. See note 31 
to the 2022 Financial Statements for a list of principal subsidiaries and joint ventures of the Group as at 31 
December 2022. 
The Guarantor is a publicly traded company with the primary listing of its shares on the SIX Swiss Exchange and 
secondary listing on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited. Except for the Guarantor, no company 
belonging to the Group has its shares listed on any stock exchange. 
4. 
Board of Directors and Executive Committee 
Members of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor (the “Board of Directors”) 
The Board of Directors currently comprises eight members (including the Chairperson). All members are 
considered as independent members. 
The following table sets out the name, year of birth, position, committee memberships and year of initial 
appointment of the current members of the Board of Directors: 
 
Year of  
 
 
Year of Initial

--- Page 54 ---
580729450 
47 
Name 
Birth 
Position 
Committee Membership 
Appointment 
 
Albert M. Baehny 
 
1952 
 
Chairman 
 
Innovation and Technology Committee  
 
 
2017 
Christoph Mäder 
1959 
Vice Chairman 
Audit 
and 
Compliance 
Committee; 
Nomination and Compensation Committee 
(Chair) 
 
2016 
Marion Helmes 
1965 
Member 
Audit and Compliance Committee 
2022 
 
Angelica Kohlmann 
1960 
Member  
Nomination and Compensation Committee; 
Innovation and Technology Committee 
(Chair) 
 
2018 
Roger Nitsch 
1961 
Member 
Innovation and Technology Committee 
2022 
 
Barbara Richmond 
1960 
Member 
Audit and Compliance Committee (Chair) 
2014 
 
Jürgen Steinemann 
1958 
Member 
Nomination and Compensation Committee 
 
2014 
 
Olivier Verscheure 
1972 
Member 
Innovation 
and 
Technology 
Committee 
(Chair) 
2018 
 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is the Guarantor’s registered office in Basel, 
Switzerland. 
The Guarantor is not aware of any potential conflicts of interests between the duties to the Guarantor of the persons 
listed above and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Set out below is a short description of each director's business experience, education and activities: 
Albert M. Baehny (1952) holds a degree in Biology from the University of Fribourg, Switzerland. In November 
2019, he took on the responsibilities of Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) ad interim until his successor, Pierre-
Alain Ruffieux, assumed the position on 1 November 2020. 
 
Chairperson of the Board of Directors (since 2018) and member of the Board of Directors (since April 
2017) 
 
Member of the board of Investis Group Holding SA (since 2016) 
 
Chairman of the board of directors of Geberit AG (since 2011) 
Former activities and functions: 
 
CEO ad interim of Lonza Group Ltd (2019-2020) 
 
CEO of Geberit Group (2005-2014) 
 
Head of Group Division Marketing and Sales Europe for Geberit Group (2003-2004) 
 
Senior vice-president at Wacker Chemie AG (2001-2002) 
 
Various marketing, sales, strategic planning and global management positions in firms including Vantico 
(2000- 2001), Ciba-Geigy / Ciba Specialty Chemicals (1994-2000), Dow Chemicals Europe (1981-1993) 
and Serono- Hypolab (1979-1981) 
Christoph Mäder (1959) holds a Master's degree in Law from the University of Basel and is admitted to the 
Swiss Bar. 
 
Member of the Board of Directors (since April 2016), Lead Independent Director (since November 2019)

--- Page 55 ---
580729450 
48 
 
Member of the board of directors of Baloise Holding AG (since 2019) 
 
Member of the board of directors of EMS Chemie Holding AG (since 2018) 
 
President of Economiesuisse (since 2021) 
 
Member of the Board of Directors Assivalor AG (since 2019) 
 
Member of the Advisory Board of Accenture Switzerland (since 2019) 
 
Partner at the law firm Becker-Gurini-Hanhart-Vogt (since 2019) 
 
Member of the council of Schweizer Jugend forscht (since 2018) 
 
Member of the Advisory Board of Vereinigung Schweizerischer Unternehmen in Deutschland (since 
2016) 
 
Member of the Advisory Board of Loeba GmbH (since 2014) 
Former activities and functions: 
 
Group General Counsel (including oversight of the risk and compliance function) and Member of the 
Group of   Executive Committee of Syngenta (2000-2018) 
 
Member of the Board Committee of economiesuisse (2008–2019) 
 
Vice-Chairman of economiesuisse (2011-2017) 
 
Member of the executive board of the Business and Industry Advisory Committee (BIAC) for the 
Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) (2012-2016) 
 
Member of the Board of scienceindustries (2006-2018) 
 
Member of the Board of the Basel Chamber of Commerce (2002-2018) 
 
Head of legal & public affairs for Novartis Crop Protection AG (1999-2000) 
 
Senior corporate counsel for Novartis International AG (1992-1998) 
Marion Helmes (1965) holds a degree in Business Administration from Freie Universität Berlin and a PhD from 
the University of St. Gallen. She has extensive financial expertise as well as global operational experience from a 
career that includes Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) positions at Celesio, Q-Cells and with ThyssenKrupp’s 
Elevator and Stainless divisions. She currently holds Board Memberships with ProSiebenSat.1 Media, Siemens 
Healthineers AG and Heineken N.V. 
 
Member of the Board of Directors (since May 2022) 
 
Member of the Board of Directors, Chair of the Audit Committee of Heineken N.V. (since 2018) 
 
Member of the Board of Directors, Chair of the Audit Committee of Siemens Healthineers AG (since 
2018) 
 
Vice Chair, Member of the Presiding, Compensation and Audit and Finance Committee of 
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE (since 2014) 
Former activities and functions: 
 
Member of the Board of Directors, Member of the Remuneration Committee of British American 
Tobacco plc (2016-2022) 
 
CFO, Celesio AG. From 2013, Speaker of the Management Board (2012-2014) 
 
CFO, Q-Cells SE (2010-2011) 
 
CFO, ThyssenKrupp Elevator AG (2006-2010) 
 
CFO, ThyssenKrupp Stainless AG (2005-2006) 
 
Various positions in Mergers & Acquisitions, Corporate Development and Controlling, ThyssenKrupp 
AG (1997-2005) 
 
Project Manager, St. Gallen Consulting Group (1996) 
 
Manager Restructuring, Privatisation, Treuhandanstalt (1991-1994)

--- Page 56 ---
580729450 
49 
Angelica Kohlmann (1960) holds a MD and Doctorate in Medicine from Hamburg University (Germany). 
 
Member of the Board of Directors (since May 2018) 
 
Member International Advisory Board IE University and Business School, Madrid (since 2017) 
 
Board observer of Teralytics AG (since 2017) 
 
Chairman of the board of directors of Bloom Diagnostics AG (since 2014) 
 
Chairman of the board of directors of Kohlmann & Co AG (since 2013) 
 
International investor in biotech and tech, based in Switzerland (since 2014) 
 
Chairman of the advisory board of Peter Drucker Society Europe / Global Peter Drucker Forum, Vienna 
(since 2009) 
Former activities and functions: 
 
Member of the advisory board of UBS Unique (2017-2018) 
 
Director of Trinnacle Fund Ltd (2016-2017) 
 
Member of the board of directors of Teralytics AG (2013-2016) 
 
Founder & CEO of Ifitech GmbH, Germany (2010-2017) 
 
International investor in biotech and tech, based in Germany (2000-2013) 
 
International consultant for strategy, management, investments and restructuring (1992-1999) 
 
Head of global restructuring at Behringwerke AG, Germany (1990-1992) 
 
Member of the board staff at Hoechst AG, Germany (1988-1990) 
 
International marketing group leader at Behringwerke AG (1986-1988) 
 
Various cancer research functions at MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston and Memorial Sloan 
Kettering Cancer Center, New York, USA 
Roger Nitsch (1961) holds an MD degree from the University of Heidelberg and earned his post-doctoral 
qualification at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard Medical School. He serves as CEO and 
President of Neurimmune, which he founded in 2006 with two business partners. A neuroscientist with a 
background in medicine, Roger is recognised as an opinion leader in neurodegenerative diseases with over 30 
years of experience in Alzheimer’s disease research. A Potamkin Prize winner and Member of the German 
Academy of Sciences, Roger served as a founding director of the Institute for Regenerative Medicine (IREM), 
University of Zurich. 
 
Member of the Board of Directors (since May 2022) 
 
CEO and President of the Board of Directors of Neurimmune AG (since 2018) 
 
Member of the Advisory Board of PUREOS Bioventures (since 2017) 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of NOVAGO Therapeutics AG (since 2015) 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Neurimmune Holding AG (since 2006) 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of INTEGRA Biosciences Holding AG (since 2002) 
 
Professor at the University of Zurich (part-time since 2018) Institute for Regenerative Medicine (since 
1998) 
Former activities and functions: 
 
Director and co-founder of the Institute for Regenerative Medicine University of Zurich (2016-2020) 
 
Overseas Visiting Professor of Health Science Aino University, Osaka, Japan (2016-2018) 
 
Member of the Advisory Board Max-Planck-Institute for Psychiatry, Munich (2009-2012) 
 
Member and Chairman of the Scientific Advisory Board Institute for Advanced Studies (2006-2012) 
 
Chairman, Board of Trustees, Center for Clinical Research University Hospital Zurich (2002-2014)

--- Page 57 ---
580729450 
50 
 
Vice Dean Research, Medical Faculty at the University of Zurich (2002-2008) 
 
Coordinator of the European Union DIADEM and APOPIS Research Consortia (1999-2006) 
 
Director at the Psychiatric University Hospital Zurich (1998-2005) 
 
Member of the Board of Directors and co-founder EVOTEC Neurosciences (1995-1998) 
 
Post-Doc, M.I.T. and Harvard Medical School (1990-1995) 
 
Post-Doc, University of Heidelberg (1987-1990) 
 
Research Fellow, Max-Planck Institute for Medical Research, Heidelberg (1983-1987) 
Barbara M. Richmond (1960) holds a first class degree in Management Science from the University of 
Manchester Institute of Science and Technology in England. Barbara Richmond has substantial knowledge as a 
financial expert, demonstrated by her roles as CFO for various companies. She is a fellow of the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. 
 
Member of the Board of Directors (since April 2014) 
 
Group CFO of Redrow plc (since 2010) 
Former activities and functions: 
 
Group CFO (including oversight of the accounting function) of Inchcape plc (2006-2009) 
 
Non-executive director and audit committee chair of Scarborough Building Society until its merger with 
The Skipton Building Society (2005-2009) 
 
Non-executive director, senior independent director and audit committee chair of Carclo Group PLC 
(2000- 2006) 
 
Group CFO of Croda International pic (1997-2006). Dual role as group CFO and president of Active 
Ingredients and Industrial Chemicals from 2002 to 2006 
 
Group CFO of Whessoe plc (1993-1997) 
 
Various financial roles in Alstom Group SA (1987-1992) 
 
Auditor and management consultant for Arthur Andersen (1981-1984) 
Jürgen B. Steinemann (1958) holds a degree in Economics and Business Management from the European 
Business School in Wiesbaden (Germany), London (United Kingdom) and Paris (France). 
 
Member of the Board of Directors (since April 2014) 
 
Managing director of JBS Holding GmbH (since 2017) 
 
Chairman of the supervisory board of Bankiva B.V. (since 2017) 
 
Member of the advisory board of Tower Brook Capital Partners LP (since 2017) 
 
Investor in food and agro businesses 
 
Chairman of the supervisory board of Metro Group AG (since 2015) 
 
Member of the supervisory board of Big Dutchman AG (since 2015) 
Former activities and functions: 
 
Member of the board of directors of Barry Callebaut AG (2015-2020) 
 
CEO of Barry Callebaut AG (2009-2015) 
 
Member of the board of the Swiss-American Chamber of Commerce (2011-2015) 
 
Member of the executive board and chief operating officer of Nutreco (2001-2009) 
 
CEO of Loders Croklaan (1999-2001) 
 
Various senior positions in business-to-business marketing and sales with the former Eridania Bdghin-
Say Group, ultimately in the "Corporate Plan et Stratdgie" unit at the head office in Paris (1990-1998)

--- Page 58 ---
580729450 
51 
Olivier Verscheure (1972) holds a PhD in Computer Science from the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, 
Lausanne (Switzerland). 
 
Member of the Board of Directors (since May 2018) 
 
Expert in the Strategy Working Group on Data, Computing and Digital Research Infrastructures in the 
State Secretariat for Education, Research and Innovation (SERI) (since 2019) 
 
Member of the Foundation Council of SWITCH (since 2019) 
 
Founder and Executive director of the Swiss Data Science Center, a joint venture between EPFL and 
ETH Zurich (since 2016) 
 
Member of the executive committee of Personalized Health and Related Technologies (PHRT), an ETH 
Domain Strategic Focus Area (since 2017) 
 
Co-academic director, Certificate of Advanced Studies (CAS), Data Science and Management, HEC 
Lausanne and EPFL (since 2018) 
Former activities and functions: 
 
Lab program director and senior research manager at IBM Research Ireland (2010-2016) 
 
Research manager and senior member of the research staff at the IBM T.J. Watson Research Center 
(1999-2010) 
Committees of the Board of Directors 
There are three committees of the Board of Directors: the Nomination and Compensation Committee (the 
“NCC”), the Audit and Compliance Committee and the Innovation and Technology Committee, which aim to 
strengthen and support the Guarantor’s corporate governance structure. The committees meet regularly and 
prepare meeting minutes and recommendations for the attention of the meetings of the Board of Directors. The 
Chairperson of the relevant committee determines the agenda for each meeting. Ahead of each meeting, committee 
members receive documents to help them prepare for the topics listed on the agenda. 
Executive Committee 
Subject to those affairs which lie within the responsibility of the Board of Directors by law, the Guarantor’s 
Articles of Association and the Guarantor’s organisational regulations (“Organisational Regulations”), the 
Board of Directors has delegated the executive management to the Executive Committee. The Executive 
Committee is mainly responsible for the financial and operational management of the Group and for the efficiency 
of the corporate structure and organisation of the Group. 
The members of the Executive Committee are appointed by the Board of Directors. 
Members of the Executive Committee 
The Executive Committee is headed by the CEO and currently comprises eight members. 
The CEO is appointed and removed by the Board of Directors upon the recommendation of the NCC. The other 
Executive Committee members are appointed and removed by the Board of Directors upon the recommendation 
of the CEO and the NCC. The Guarantor appointed Pierre-Alain Ruffieux as CEO in November 2020. To ensure 
continuing good corporate governance, the Guarantor appointed Christoph Mäder as Lead Independent Director 
in November 2019.  
The Executive Committee performs the duties assigned to it by the Board of Directors, either under the terms of 
the Organisational Regulations or otherwise. It is responsible for managing the Group worldwide and for 
implementing policies and strategies as defined by the Board of Directors. The Executive Committee supports 
and coordinates the activities of the divisions, the corporate functions and the global business service organisation.

--- Page 59 ---
580729450 
52 
The Executive Committee is also responsible for leadership development. 
The table below sets out the name, year of birth and position of the current members of the Executive Committee, 
and the year of their initial appointment to the Executive Committee: 
 
Name 
Year of  
Birth 
 
Position 
Year of Initial Appointment 
 
Pierre-Alain Ruffieux 
 
1969 
 
CEO 
 
2020 
 
Philippe Deecke 
 
1972 
 
CFO 
 
2021 
 
Caroline Barth  
 
1972 
 
Chief Human Resources Officer  
 
2020 
 
Maria Soler Nunez 
 
1969 
 
Head, Group Operations 
 
2022 
 
Christian Seufert 
 
1975 
 
President, Capsules & Health Ingredients 
 
2022 
 
Gordon Bates  
 
1965 
 
President, Small Molecules 
 
2021 
 
Jean-Christophe Hyvert 
 
1972 
 
President, Biologics 
 
2021 
 
Daniel Palmacci 
 
1969 
 
President, Cell & Gene 
 
2022 
 
The business address of each member of the Executive Committee is at the Guarantor’s registered office in Basel, 
Switzerland. 
Set out below is a short description of each Executive Committee member's business experience, education and 
activities: 
Pierre-Alain Ruffieux (1969) holds a Doctorate in Biotechnology and a Master’s degree in Chemical Engineering 
and Biotechnology from the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL), Lausanne (Switzerland). 
 
CEO and Member of the Executive Committee (since November 2020). 
Former activities and functions: 
 
Head of Global Pharma Technical Operations & Member Pharma Executive Team, F. Hoffmann-La 
Roche (2017-2020) 
 
Head of Quality and Compliance, Global Pharma Technical Operations, F. Hoffmann-La Roche (2015-
2017) 
 
Head of Quality, Pharmaceutical Division & Member Pharmaceutical Executive Committee, Novartis 
Pharmaceuticals (2012-2015) 
 
Head of Global Pharma Technical Operations & Biologics Quality Assurance, Novartis Pharmaceuticals 
(2010-2012) 
 
Global Head of Quality for Biopharmaceutical, Novartis Pharmaceuticals (2009-2010) 
 
Various positions in technical development and manufacturing at Novartis Pharmaceuticals & Sandoz, 
Novartis Group (2003-2009)  
 
Various positions in technical development and manufacturing at Serono (now Merck Serono) (1998-
2003) 
Philippe Deecke (1972) holds a Master’s degree in Industrial Management and Manufacturing from ETH Zurich 
(Switzerland) and an MBA from Cornell University Johnson School (United States).

--- Page 60 ---
580729450 
53 
 
CFO and Member of the Executive Committee (since December 2021). 
Former activities and functions: 
 
CFO, Novartis Oncology (2021) 
 
CFO, Sandoz, division of Novartis (2017-2021) 
 
CFO, Alcon EMEA, division of Novartis (2015-2021) 
 
Head Group Business Planning and Analysis, Novartis International AG (2012-2015) 
 
Chief Financial and Administration Officer, Novartis Schweiz AG (2010-2012) 
 
Project Director, Novartis International AG (2008-2010) 
 
Head Finance, Novartis Pharmaceutical Inc. (US) (2006-2008) 
 
Assistant to CEO, Novartis International AG (2005-2006) 
 
Associate Principal, McKinsey & Company (1998-2005) 
Caroline Barth (1972) holds a degree in European Business Studies from the University of Sunderland (United 
Kingdom) and an MBA from The Open University (Belgium). 
 
Chief Human Resources Officer and Member of the Executive Committee (since April 2020). 
Former activities and functions: 
 
Global Head of Human Resources, Pharma, Novartis Pharma AG (2016-2020) 
 
Global Head Pharma Strategy, Novartis Pharma AG (2019) 
 
Global Head of Human Resources, Pharma Manufacturing and Quality, Novartis Pharma AG (2014-
2016) 
 
Global Head of Human Resources, Central & Eastern Europe, Novartis Pharma AG (2013-2014) 
 
VP, Human Resources Canada Pharma & Corporate HR Leader, Novartis Pharma AG (2010-2013) 
 
Head of Talent Management, Organizational Development & Staffing, Europe, Novartis Pharma AG 
(2008-2010) 
 
Head of Human Resources Global IT, Novartis Pharma AG (2006-2008) 
 
Human Resources Integration Leader, Novartis Pharma AG (2004-2006) 
 
HR Communications Leader, EMEA & APAC, Cisco Systems (2001-2003) 
 
HR Generalist, Emerging Markets, Cisco Systems (1997-2001) 
Maria Soler Nunez (1969) holds a PhD in Pharmacy in the area of Genetics, Molecular Biology from the 
Universidad Complutense de Madrid (Spain). 
 
Head, Group Operations and Member of the Executive Committee (since August 2022). 
Former activities and functions: 
 
Chief Quality Officer, Novartis (2020-2022) 
 
Head Global Manufacturing Functions, Novartis (2018-2020) 
 
Head Packaging and Manufacturing, Science & Technology, Novartis (2018) 
 
Head Manufacturing, Science & Technology, Novartis (2016-2017) 
 
Various regional and global leadership positions in Manufacturing and Quality at Novartis and Lilly 
(1997-2016) 
Christian Seufert (1975) holds a Master’s degree in Business Administration and Economics from the University 
of Hohenheim (Germany). 
 
President, Capsules & Health Ingredients Division and Member of the Executive Committee (since July

--- Page 61 ---
580729450 
54 
2022).  
Former activities and functions: 
 
Senior Vice President Pharma Solutions/Nutrition & Health Americas, BASF (2018-2022) 
 
Vice President, Global Segment Management Aroma Ingredients, BASF (2015-2018) 
 
Vice President, Regional Business Management Home Care, Industrial and Institutional Cleaning, 
Europe & EAWA, BASF (2012-2014) 
 
Vice President/Director, Regional Business Management Formulation Technologies, North America, 
BASF (2009-2012) 
 
Various regional and global leadership positions in Strategy, Sales and Marketing at BASF (2002-2009) 
Gordon Bates (1965) holds a Master’s degree in Engineering Business Management from the University of 
Warwick (United Kingdom). 
 
President, Small Molecules Division (since January 2021) and Member of the Executive Committee 
(since April 2021). 
Former activities and functions: 
 
President, Lonza Chemical Division (2018-2020) 
 
Senior Vice President, Business Unit Head, Lonza Chemical and Microbial Manufacturing (2015-2017) 
 
Global Head of Sales, Lonza Pharma Custom Manufacturing (2013-2015) 
 
Head of Operations and Site Manager, Lonza Slough (UK) (2007-2013) 
 
Global Head of Lonza Operational Excellence (2003-2007) 
Jean-Christophe Hyvert (1972) holds a Master’s degree in Physics from INSA, Rennes (France) and an MBA 
from the Northwestern University (United States). 
 
President, Biologics (since January 2021) and Member of the Executive Committee (since April 2021). 
Former activities and functions: 
 
Chief Commercial Officer, Lonza Pharma Biotech & Nutrition Segment (2019-2020) 
 
Vice President, Finance, Lonza Pharma & Biotech Segment (2017-2019) 
 
Finance Director ECEMEA, Baxter International (2016-2017) 
 
Senior Director EMEA Business Development, Baxter International (2015-2016) 
 
Finance Director, Baxter International (2013-2014) 
 
Various leadership positions in Finance and Operations at Newell Rubbermaid, Lehman Brothers and 
Legris (covering Corporate Development, M&A and Supply Chain) (1995-2013) 
Daniel Palmacci (1969) holds a Master’s degree in Chemistry and Process Engineering with High Honors from 
the Technical University Berlin (Germany).  
 
President, Cell & Gene and Member of the Executive Committee (since November 2022). 
Former activities and functions: 
 
Senior Vice President, Global Head Technical Operations, MorphoSys (2020-2022) 
 
Global Head Vaccines & Biologics Strategic Facility Creation, Merck Sharp & Dohme (2019-2020) 
 
Global Head Drug Substance Biopharma Manufacturing / CEO Sandoz GmbH, Novartis (2018-2019) 
 
Site Head, Drug Product Schaftenau, Novartis (2017-2018) 
 
Global Head External Supplier Operations, Biopharma, Sandoz – Novartis (2015-2017) 
 
Global Head Technical Operations, Biopharma, Sandoz – Novartis (2015)

--- Page 62 ---
580729450 
55 
 
Global Product Leader & Global Head Manufacturing, Science & Technology (MS&T), Sandoz – 
Novartis (2013-2015) 
 
Head of Manufacturing, Bayer Healthcare (2008-2013) 
 
Director of Operations – Plant Manager, Bayer Healthcare (2006-2008) 
 
Various Project Manager and QA Manager roles at Berlex LCC, Schering AG, Schering do Brazil, ingea 
depotec and GTZ (1994-2006) 
5. 
Independent Statutory Auditors  
The consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, and 
as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have 
been audited in accordance with Swiss law, International Standards on Auditing and Swiss Standards of Auditing 
(SA-CH), by KPMG AG, independent auditors, with their address at Badenerstrasse 172, 8004 Zurich, 
Switzerland, which are registered with the Swiss Federal Audit Oversight Authority (FAOA) under register 
number 501403. 
6. 
Principal Shareholders 
As of 31 December 2022, the issued share capital of the Guarantor amounted to CHF 74,468,752, divided into 
74,468,752 registered shares with a nominal value of CHF 1 each. The table below sets out the shareholders of 
the Guarantor holding more than 3 per cent, of the share capital of the Guarantor according to disclosure 
notifications provided by the respective shareholders to the SIX Swiss Exchange and the Guarantor (as of 31 
December 2022). 
Shareholder 
% 
BlackRock, Inc., New York, NY (USA) 
9.92 
 
7. 
Capital Structure 
As noted above, as of 31 December 2022, the Company’s share capital amounted to CHF 74,468,752, divided 
into 74,468,752 registered shares, fully paid-up, each with a par value of CHF 1. 
The Board of Directors is authorised to increase, at any time until 6 May 2023, the share capital of Lonza through 
the issuance of a maximum of 7,500,000 fully paid-in registered shares with a par value of CHF 1 each up to a 
maximum aggregate amount of CHF 7,500,000. This authorised capital was created by the Annual General 
Meeting held on 6 May 2021. The additional terms and conditions of the authorised capital (including the group 
of beneficiaries who have the right to subscribe for this additional capital) are set out in Article 4ter of the 
Guarantor’s Articles of Association. 
Conditional Capital: Lonza’s share capital may be increased through the issuance of a maximum of 7,500,000 
fully paid-in registered shares with a par value of CHF 1 each up to a maximum aggregate amount of CHF 
7,500,000. This conditional capital was created by the Annual General Meeting on 25 April 2017. The additional 
terms and conditions of the conditional capital (including the group of beneficiaries who have the right to subscribe 
for this additional capital) are set out in Article 4bis of the Guarantor’s Articles of Association. 
According to Article 4quarter of the Guarantor’s Articles of Association, the capital increases in the form of 
conditional capital and authorised capital may increase Lonza’s share capital only by a maximum aggregate 
amount of CHF 7,500,000, which equates to approximately 10 per cent, of the existing share capital. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Group has entered into a number of financing arrangements, giving it

--- Page 63 ---
580729450 
56 
multiple sources of liquidity. These include: 
 
a USD 500 million term loan facility, maturing 2025;  
 
a USD 200 million term loan facility maturing 2026; 
 
a CHF 1,000 million revolving loan facility maturing 2026, which was not used as of 31 December 2022; 
 
a CHF 175 million 1.250 per cent, bond due 2023; 
 
a CHF 300 million 1.000 per cent, bond due 2023; 
 
a CHF 110 million 0.700 per cent, bond due 2024; 
 
a CHF 150 million 0.350 per cent, bond due 2026; 
 
a CHF 450 million 2.100 per cent, bond due 20296; 
 
a EUR 500 million 1.625 per cent, bond due 2027; 
 
a EUR 187.5 million private placement (Schuldscheindarlehen) due in 2023; 
 
a USD 50 million private placement (Schuldscheindarlehen) due in 2024.  
Lonza is committed to maintaining a solid investment grade rating. If any credit rating assigned to Lonza (or the 
Issuer, or the Notes) were to be reduced or withdrawn for any reason, this could have a negative effect on the 
market value of the Notes, and any such credit rating may not reflect the potential impact of all risks relating to 
Lonza (or the Issuer, or the Notes, as applicable). As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s Net Leverage ratio was 
minus 0.09 times. 
Lonza’s management uses alternative performance measures (“APMs”) that are not defined by the International 
Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) (non- GAAP-measures) to assess financial and operational performance 
at a divisional and group level. APMs should not be viewed in isolation or as alternatives to Lonza’s consolidated 
financial position and financial results, which are reported in accordance with IFRS. Instead, Lonza’s APMs are 
intended to provide a complementary perspective on Lonza’s performance by isolating distorting effects like 
exchange rate fluctuations or one-time items. They are also intended to provide additional key performance 
indicators to complement the performance dashboard. The APMs in use may not correspond to performance 
measures with similar names in other companies. For further information on APMs, see the section entitled 
“Alternative Performance Measures” below. Investors are advised to review the APMs in conjunction with the 
2022 Financial Statements and the 2021 Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
 
6  This is made up of a CHF 300 million tranche priced on 8 February 2023 and a further tranche of CHF 150 million priced on 20 April 
2023. The two tranches are fungible and constitute a single series of notes.

--- Page 64 ---
580729450 
57 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless (i) otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) the applicable Final Terms specifies the 
Notes as being “Green Bonds”, the net proceeds of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for 
general corporate purposes of the Lonza Group. 
The net proceeds for each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer outside of Switzerland unless and 
to the extent application in Switzerland is permitted under the Swiss taxation laws in force from time to time 
without payments in respect of any such Notes becoming subject to withholding or deduction for Swiss 
withholding tax as a consequence of such application of proceeds in Switzerland. 
Green Bonds 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that the Notes are “Green Bonds”, then, unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will use an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issuance of 
the Notes to fund eligible green projects (“Eligible Green Projects”).  
The Group intends to publish on its website (www.lonza.com) a “Green Financing Framework” (the 
“Framework”) which is aligned with the Green Bond Principles (June 2021) administered by the 
International Capital Market Association and to receive a second party opinion (the “Second Party 
Opinion”) that assesses the Framework’s alignment with the Green Bond Principles. Neither the Framework 
nor the Second Party Opinion, when published, will form part of this Base Prospectus and will not be 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 65 ---
580731022 
58 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of 
Part A of the applicable Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in 
these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the applicable Final Terms. References in the 
Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are constituted by a Trust Deed (as amended or supplemented as at the date of issue of the Notes (the 
“Issue Date”), the “Trust Deed”) dated 28 April 2023 between Lonza Finance International NV (the “Issuer”), 
Lonza Group AG (the “Guarantor”) and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the “Trustee”, which 
expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the 
Noteholders (as defined below). These terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) include summaries of, and are 
subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed. An Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the 
Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 28 April 2023 has been entered into in relation to the Notes between 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee and Citibank Europe Plc as initial issuing and paying agent and the other agents 
named in it. The issuing and paying agent, the other paying agents, and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if 
any) are referred to below respectively as the “Issuing and Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression 
shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. Electronic copies of the Trust Deed and 
the Agency Agreement are available upon request to the Trustee and the Paying Agents, subject to a Noteholder 
providing evidence of its identity and its holding of Notes. 
The Noteholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of 
the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  
As used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects, including as to Issue Date. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian companies and associations code (Code 
des sociétés et des associations / Wetboek van vennootschappen en verenigingen) dated 23 March 2019, as 
amended from time to time (the “Code”). The Notes will be represented exclusively by a book entry in the 
records of the securities settlement system operated by the National Bank of Belgium (the “NBB”) or any 
successor thereto (the “NBB-SSS”). The Notes can be held by their holders through participants in the NBB-
SSS, including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear Bank”), Clearstream Banking A.G. (“Clearstream”), 
SIX SIS AG (“SIX SIS”), Monte Titoli S.p.A. (“Euronext Securities Milan”), Euroclear France SA 
(“Euroclear France”), Interbolsa S.A. (“Euronext Securities Porto”), LuxCSD S.A. (“LuxCSD”) and 
through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold their Notes through Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, 
SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Porto or LuxCSD. Accordingly, 
the Notes will be eligible to clear through, and therefore be accepted by, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX 
SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Porto and LuxCSD or other NBB-
SSS participants, and investors can hold their interests in the Notes within securities accounts in Euroclear 
Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Porto and 
LuxCSD or the other direct or indirect participants in the NBB-SSS. Title to the Notes is transferred by 
account transfer. 
The Notes are accepted for settlement through the NBB-SSS, and are accordingly subject to the applicable 
clearing regulations of the NBB. The Notes will be settled through the X/N accounts system organised 
within the NBB-SSS in accordance with the law of 6 August 1993 on transactions in certain securities (loi 
relative aux opérations sur certaines valeurs mobilières/wet betreffende de transacties met bepaalde 
effecten), its implementing Belgian royal decrees of 26 May 1994 and 14 June 1994 and the rules of the

--- Page 66 ---
580731022 
59 
NBB-SSS and its annexes, as issued or modified by the NBB from time to time (the laws, decrees and rules 
mentioned in this Condition being referred to herein as the “NBB-SSS Regulations”). The Notes cannot be 
physically delivered and may not be converted into bearer bonds (effecten aan toonder/titres au porteur). 
The Notes may be held only by, and transferred only to, eligible investors referred to in Article 4 of the 
Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the collection and refund of withholding tax (as amended or 
replaced from time to time) (Arrêté royal de 26 mai 1994 relatif à la perception et à la bonification du 
précompte mobilier / koninklijk besluit van 26 mei 1994 over de inhouding en de vergoeding van de roerende 
voorheffing), holding their securities in an exempt securities account that has been opened with a financial 
institution that is a direct or indirect participant in the NBB-SSS. 
Holders are entitled to exercise the rights they have, including but not limited to exercising their voting 
rights and other associative rights (as defined for the purposes of Article 7:41 of the Code) against the Issuer 
upon submission of an affidavit drawn up by the NBB, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext 
Securities Milan, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD or any other participant duly 
licensed in Belgium to keep dematerialised securities accounts showing such holder’s position in the Notes 
(or the position held by the financial institution through which such holder’s Notes are held with the NBB, 
Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities 
Porto, LuxCSD or such other NBB-SSS participant, in which case an affidavit drawn up by that financial 
institution will also be required). 
For such purposes, each person who is from time to time shown in the records of a participant, sub-
participant or the NBB as operator of the NBB-SSS as the holder of a particular amount of Notes shall be 
treated as the holder of those Notes and any certificate or other document issued by any participant or the 
NBB shall be conclusive and binding. 
The Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
minimum Specified Denomination of the Notes shall be at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency). 
If, at any time, the Notes are transferred to any other clearing system which is not exclusively operated by 
the NBB (such clearing system, an “Alternative Clearing System”), these Conditions shall apply mutatis 
mutandis in respect of such Notes. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” and “holder” means, in respect of any Note, the holder from time to 
time of a Note as determined by reference to the records of the relevant clearing systems or financial 
intermediaries and the affidavits referred to in this Condition 1. 
2 
Guarantee and Status 
(a) 
Guarantee  
The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment of all sums 
expressed to be payable by the Issuer under the Trust Deed and the Notes (the “Guarantee”). Its 
obligations in that respect are contained in the Trust Deed. The obligations of the Guarantor under 
the Guarantee shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and by 
provisions of law that are mandatory and of general application and subject to Condition 3, at all 
times rank at least equally with all its other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations.

--- Page 67 ---
580731022 
60 
(b) 
Status  
The Notes constitute (subject to Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all 
times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The payment obligations of 
the Issuer under the Notes shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable 
legislation and by provisions of law that are mandatory and of general application and subject to 
Condition 3, at all times rank at least equally with all its other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations.  
3 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor 
will, and the Guarantor will ensure that none of its Material Subsidiaries will, create or have outstanding, 
any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other form of encumbrance or security interest (“Security”) upon the 
whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to 
secure any Relevant Debt or to secure any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Debt, without: 
(a) 
at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably with any such Relevant 
Debt or guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Debt; or 
(b) 
granting Security or such other arrangement as either (i) the Trustee shall in its absolute discretion 
deem not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or (ii) shall be approved by 
an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Schedule to the Agency Agreement).  
In this Condition 3: 
“Consolidated EBITDA” means the Group’s consolidated EBITDA as reported in the latest consolidated 
financial statements of the Group; 
“Group” means the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries for the time being; 
“Material Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary of the Guarantor: 
(i) 
whose profits, gross revenues and gross assets (in each case, consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary 
which itself has Subsidiaries) represent not less than 10 per cent. of the Consolidated EBITDA, 
gross revenues and gross assets (as the case may be) of the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries taken as 
a whole, all as calculated respectively by reference to the latest financial statements (consolidated 
or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of the Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Group; provided that in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end 
of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Group relate for the purpose of applying each of the foregoing tests, the reference to the Group’s 
latest audited consolidated financial statements shall be deemed to be reference to such financial 
statements as if such Subsidiary had been shown therein by reference to its then latest relevant 
financial statements, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the Guarantor; or 
(ii) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all of business, undertaking and assets of another 
Subsidiary which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary, whereupon (a) in the 
case of a transfer by a Material Subsidiary, the transferor Material Subsidiary shall immediately 
cease to be a Material Subsidiary and (b) the transferee Subsidiary shall immediately become a 
Material Subsidiary, provided that on or after the date on which the relevant financial statements for 
the financial period current at the date of such transfer are published, whether such transferor 
Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary is or is not a Material Subsidiary shall be determined 
pursuant to the provisions of sub-paragraph (i) above.

--- Page 68 ---
580731022 
61 
A written certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Guarantor 
that in their opinion (making such adjustments (if any) as they shall deem appropriate) a Subsidiary is or is 
not or was or was not at any particular time or during any particular period a Material Subsidiary shall, in 
the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee and the 
Noteholders; 
“Relevant Debt” means any indebtedness for moneys borrowed or raised which is in the form of, or 
represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which, with the 
agreement of the person issuing the same, for the time being are, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or 
dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter or other securities market; and 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any company or corporation or body corporate, a company or corporation 
or body corporate: 
(i) 
which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the first mentioned company or corporation or body 
corporate; 
(ii) 
more than half the issued share capital of which is beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by the 
first mentioned company or corporation or body corporate; 
(iii) 
a majority of the voting rights in which, whether exercisable or not, are held by the first mentioned 
company or corporation or body corporate; or 
(iv) 
which is a Subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the first mentioned company or corporation or body 
corporate,  
and for this purpose, a company or corporation or body corporate shall be treated as being controlled by 
another if that other company or corporation or body corporate is able to direct its affairs and/or to control 
the composition of its board of directors or equivalent body.  
4 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from, and including, the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate 
of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(f). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates  
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 4(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall 
mean each date which falls the number of months or other period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 69 ---
580731022 
62 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention  
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:  
(A) 
the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last 
Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment;  
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day;  
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest  
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms and the provisions 
below relating to ISDA Determination, Screen Rate Determination and/or Linear 
Interpolation shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate 
equal to the relevant ISDA Rate, provided that in any circumstances where under 
the ISDA Definitions the Calculation Agent would be required to exercise any 
discretion, including the selection of any reference banks and seeking quotations 
from reference banks, when calculating the relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant 
determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion shall 
instead be made by the Issuer or its designee. For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
(x) 
if the Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 70 ---
580731022 
63 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable, is a period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(4) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating 
Rate Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions), 
Compounding is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and:  
(I) 
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Final Terms, then 
(a) Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(II) Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as 
the Compounding Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
then (a) Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and (c) Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the 
relevant ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(5) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) and Index 
Provisions are specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift shall be applicable and (a) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in 
the relevant ISDA Definitions) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days 
(as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are 
the days specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(6) 
references in the relevant ISDA Definitions to:  
(I)  
“Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(II)  
“Calculation Period” shall be deemed to be references to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period;  
(III)  “Termination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the 
Maturity Date; and

--- Page 71 ---
580731022 
64 
(IV)  “Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to the 
Interest Commencement Date; and 
(y) 
if the Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable 
ISDA Definitions: 
(1)  
Administrator/Benchmark Event shall be disapplied; and  
(2) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback for any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate 
Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to 
“Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the 
definition of “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative 
Rate” shall be replaced by “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback 
– Previous Day’s Rate”. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate 
(x) 
Subject to Condition 4(j), where “Screen Rate Determination – Term 
Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, sub-paragraph (x)(1) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page or if sub-paragraph (x)(2) above applies and fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each case as at 
the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Issuer shall 
request, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Issuer with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Issuer with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and

--- Page 72 ---
580731022 
65 
(z) 
 
(1) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Issuer determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered 
quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) as communicated to the Issuer by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-
bank market; or  
(2) 
if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer with 
such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any 
one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion 
of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Issuer it is 
quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market,  
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall 
be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Minimum Rate of Interest or 
Maximum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin, Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin, Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate 
Where “Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and the relevant Reference Rate is €STR, SOFR or SONIA, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be calculated in accordance with 
this Condition 4(b)(iii)(C). 
(1) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being “Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject to (in the case of €STR and SONIA) Condition 4(j) or 
(in the case of SOFR) Condition 4(k) and as provided below, be the

--- Page 73 ---
580731022 
66 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), where:  
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to an Interest 
Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment 
in the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms and further provided for below) as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑟i × n୧
𝐷
൰
ௗ೚
௜ ୀ ଵ
−1቏× 𝐷
𝑑 
where: 
“Business Day” in this Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(1) means: 
(a) 
where “€STR” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Reference Rate, any day which is a TARGET Business Day;  
(b) 
where “SOFR” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Reference Rate, any day which is a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and is not a 
date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or 
required by law or regulation to be closed; 
(c) 
where “SONIA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Reference Rate, any day which is a London Business Day; 
“d” is the number of calendar days in: 
(a) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(b) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“D” shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, be (a) 
where “€STR” or “SOFR” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Reference Rate, 360; and (b) where “SONIA” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the Reference Rate, 365;  
“do” is the number of Business Days in: 
(a) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(b) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 74 ---
580731022 
67 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
Business Day in: 
(a) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(b) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“ni”, for any Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from 
and including such Business Day “i” up to but excluding the following 
Business Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from and including the date falling “p” Business Days prior to the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period (and the first Observation Period 
shall begin on and include the date which is “p” Business Days prior to the 
Issue Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is “p” Business 
Days prior to the Interest Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or 
the date falling “p” Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means: 
(a) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in 
the Lag Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, if no such number is specified, five Business Days); or 
(b) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the number of Business Days 
specified as the Observation Shift Period in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five Business Days); 
“r” means in respect of the relevant Reference Rate, in respect of any 
Business Day, the relevant Reference Rate in respect of such Business Day; 
“ri” means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of “r” 
above for:  
(a) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Business Day falling “p” Business 
Days prior to the relevant Business Day “i”; or 
(b) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Business Day “i”. 
(2) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being “Weighted Average”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject to (in the case of €STR and SONIA) Condition 4(j) or 
(in the case of SOFR) Condition 4(k) and as provided below, be the 
Weighted Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the

--- Page 75 ---
580731022 
68 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“Weighted Average Reference Rate” means the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant 
Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference 
Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the 
sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Observation Period. For these purposes the Reference 
Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall be 
deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day, 
where: 
“Business Day” in this Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(2), means:  
(I) where “€STR” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Reference Rate, any day which is a TARGET Business Day;  
(II) where “SOFR” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Reference Rate, any day which is a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and is not a date 
on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required 
by law or regulation to be closed; and 
(III)  
where “SONIA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the Reference Rate, any day which is a London Business Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from and including the date falling “p” Business Days prior to the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period (and the first Observation Period 
shall begin on and include the date which is “p” Business Days prior to the 
Issue Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is “p” Business 
Days prior to the Interest Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or 
the date falling “p” Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable); and 
“p” means the number of Business Days included in the Lag Look-back 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, five Business Days). 
(3) 
Where the Reference Rate is SOFR or SONIA and the Calculation Method 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Index Average”, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject to (in the case 
of SONIA) Condition 4(j) or (in the case of SOFR) Condition 4(k) and as 
provided below, be the Compounded Index Rate plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), where:

--- Page 76 ---
580731022 
69 
“Compounded Index Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula and to 
the Relevant Decimal Place, all as determined and calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date: 
൬𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥ாே஽ 
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥ௌ்஺ோ்
−1൰×  ൬𝐷
𝑑൰ 
where: 
“Business Day” in this Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(3), means: 
(a) 
in the case of SOFR Compounded Index, any day which is a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal holiday in 
New York and is not a date on which banking institutions in those 
cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
and 
(b) 
in the case of SONIA Compounded Index, any day which is a 
London Business Day; 
“Compounded Index” means: 
(a) 
where “SOFR” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Reference Rate, SOFR Compounded Index; or  
(b) 
where “SONIA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Reference Rate, SONIA Compounded Index; 
“Compounded IndexEND” means the Compounded Index value on the date 
falling “p” Business Days prior to (i) in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the Interest Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period or (ii) if 
the Notes become due and payable prior to the end of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the date on which the Notes become so due and payable; 
“Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the Compounded Index value on the date falling “p” Business Days 
prior to (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period or (ii) in the case of 
the first Interest Accrual Period, the Issue Date; 
“d” means the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on 
which the relevant Compounded IndexSTART is determined to (but 
excluding) the day on which the relevant Compounded IndexEND is 
determined; 
“D” shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, be (i) 
360 in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index and (ii) 365 in the case of 
the SONIA Compounded Index; 
“p” means the number of Business Days specified as the Compounded 
Index Period in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, (i) two in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index and (ii) five 
in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index); and

--- Page 77 ---
580731022 
70 
“Relevant Decimal Place” shall, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, be (i) the seventh decimal place in the case of the 
SOFR Compounded Index and (ii) the fifth decimal place in the case of the 
SONIA Compounded Index, in each case rounded if necessary, with 
0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 being rounded upwards. 
Provided that (i) a Benchmark Transition Event has not occurred in respect 
of SOFR or (ii) a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of SONIA, 
if, with respect to any Interest Accrual Period, the relevant Compounded 
IndexSTART and/or Compounded IndexEND is not published by the relevant 
administrator, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest for 
that Interest Accrual Period in accordance with Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(1) as 
if “Index Average” was not specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
the Calculation Method. For these purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be 
deemed to be SOFR in the case of SOFR Compounded Index and SONIA 
in the case of SONIA Compounded Index; (ii) the Calculation Method shall 
be deemed to be Compounded Daily; (iii) the Observation Method shall be 
deemed to be Observation Shift; (iv) the Observation Shift Period shall be 
deemed to be “p”; (v) D shall remain the same; and (vi) in the case of 
SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer. If a 
Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect 
of SOFR or SONIA, respectively, the provisions of (in the case of SONIA) 
Condition 4(j) or (in the case of SOFR) Condition 4(k) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis in respect of this Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)(3). 
(4) 
Subject to Condition 4(j), where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate 
in the applicable Final Terms, if, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, 
€STR is not available, such Reference Rate shall be the €STR for the first 
preceding TARGET Business Day on which €STR was published by the 
European Central Bank, as the administrator of €STR (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) on the website of the European Central Bank (or of 
any successor administrator of such rate), and “r” shall be interpreted 
accordingly. 
(5) 
Subject to Condition 4(k), where “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate 
in the applicable Final Terms and either (i) the Calculation Method is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily” or 
“Weighted Average”, or (ii) the Calculation Method is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being “Index Average” and Condition 
4(b)(iii)(C)(1) applies, if, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, SOFR is not available, such Reference Rate shall be the 
SOFR for the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day on 
which SOFR was published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as 
the administrator of SOFR (or any successor administrator of SOFR), on 
the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor 
administrator of SOFR) or any successor source, and “r” shall be 
interpreted accordingly. 
(6) 
Subject to Condition 4(j), where “SONIA” is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms and either (i) the Calculation Method is

--- Page 78 ---
580731022 
71 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily” or 
“Weighted Average”, or (ii) the Calculation Method is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being “Index Average” and Condition 
4(b)(iii)(C)(1) applies, if, in respect of any London Business Day, SONIA 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page, or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, such Reference Rate shall 
be: 
(a) 
the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) 
the mean of the spread of SONIA to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five days on which SONIA has been published, excluding 
the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to 
the Bank Rate, or 
(b) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, SONIA published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Business 
Day on which SONIA was published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors), 
and in each case, “r” shall be interpreted accordingly.  
(7) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions, but without prejudice to (in the case of €STR 
or SONIA) Condition 4(j) or (in the case of SOFR) Condition 4(k), the Rate 
of Interest shall be: 
(a) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Minimum 
Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, Minimum Rate of 
Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin, Minimum Rate of 
Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period); 
(b) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period is the first Interest Accrual Period 
for the Notes, the Initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been 
in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Minimum 
Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest applicable to the first 
Interest Accrual Period); or 
(c) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period is not the first Interest Accrual

--- Page 79 ---
580731022 
72 
Period for the Notes, the Rate of Interest which applied to the 
immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 8, the 
final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to 
be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of 
Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains 
outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the 
purpose of such interest determination) the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(D) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period 
shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating 
Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided however 
that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and in consultation with 
an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent 
financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer) shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate.  
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA 
Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes  
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the 
Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date 
shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest 
for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 5(b)(i)). 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest  
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless payment is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and 
after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 4 to the date on 
which payment in respect of such Note first becomes due or (if the full amount of the money payable 
has not been duly paid on or prior to such due date) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made.

--- Page 80 ---
580731022 
73 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding  
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the applicable Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to (in the 
case of (x)) all Rates of Interest or (in the case of (y)) the Rates of Interest for the specified 
Interest Accrual Periods, calculated in accordance with Condition 4(b) above by adding (if 
a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin, 
subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount 
shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 
of a percentage point being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant 
figures (provided that if the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant 
figure shall be rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be 
rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the 
case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” 
means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country 
or countries of such currency. 
(f) 
Calculations  
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless 
an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, 
in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with 
such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the 
amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the 
sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect 
of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply 
save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be 
calculated. 
Notwithstanding the previous paragraph, for so long as the Notes are held in the NBB-SSS, the 
method of calculation provided for above shall apply save that the calculation shall be made in 
respect of the total aggregate amount of the Notes. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Change of 
Control Redemption Amounts  
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or such 
other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, 
obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate 
the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Change of Control

--- Page 81 ---
580731022 
74 
Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case 
may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Change of Control 
Redemption Amount to be notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, the Guarantor, each of the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to 
make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed and/or 
admitted to trading on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority 
so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination 
but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior 
to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, 
or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest 
Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 4(b)(ii), the 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 
8, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless 
continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the 
Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate 
or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by 
the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Definitions  
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
“€STR” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro 
short-term rate as provided by the European Central Bank, as the administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) or any successor source, in each case, at the time specified by, or 
determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the 
administrator of such rate on the TARGET Business Day immediately following such TARGET 
Business Day; 
“Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the NBB-SSS is operating 
and: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency; 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which T2 is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”); or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if 
no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last)

--- Page 82 ---
580731022 
75 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation 
Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
360 
where:

--- Page 83 ---
580731022 
76 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product 
of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:

--- Page 84 ---
580731022 
77 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year, 
where: 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s); and 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date; 
“Interest Amount” means:  
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall mean the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being payable on 
the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual 
Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is sterling; (ii) the day falling 
two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is euro; or (iii) the day falling two Business Days in London prior to the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither sterling nor euro; 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on and including an Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 85 ---
580731022 
78 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“ISDA Definitions” means (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (“ISDA”), as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including any Matrices referred 
to therein, as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; 
“London Business Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note 
and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Reference Banks” means, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market selected by the Issuer;  
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or any successor or 
replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service); 
“SOFR” means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such 
rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or any successor administrator of such rate) or any successor source, in each case on 
or about 5.00 p.m. (New York City time) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day;  
“SOFR Compounded Index” means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, the compounded daily SOFR rate, as published at 3.00 p.m. (New York City time) by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of SOFR (or any successor administrator 
of SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor 
administrator of SOFR) or any successor source; 
“SONIA” means, in respect of any London Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such London Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors in each case on the London Business Day immediately following such London 
Business Day; 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means, in respect of any London Business Day, the compounded 
daily SONIA rate as published by authorised distributors on the Relevant Screen Page on such 
London Business Day or, if the compounded daily SONIA rate cannot be obtained from such 
authorised distributors, as published at 10.00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a 
successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England’s Interactive Statistical Database, or 
any successor source;

--- Page 86 ---
580731022 
79 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated; 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or 
a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor 
thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent  
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision 
is made for them in the applicable Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined 
in the Trust Deed). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or 
unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an 
Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount or Change of Control Redemption Amount, 
as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank 
or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-
counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination 
to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office 
actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign 
its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – General 
Where the Original Reference Rate is not SOFR, in addition and notwithstanding the terms set forth 
elsewhere in these Conditions, this Condition 4(j) shall apply.  
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(j)(ii)) and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 4(j((iv)). In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed 
pursuant to this Condition 4(j) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner as an expert. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall 
have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents or the 
Noteholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 4(j).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 4(j)(i) prior to the date which is 10 
business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding

--- Page 87 ---
580731022 
80 
Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined using the Original Reference Rate last displayed on the 
relevant Screen Page prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date. Where a different 
Margin, Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin, Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin, 
Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the 
relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual 
Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the 
first paragraph of this Condition 4(j)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(j)); 
or 
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 4(j)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment 
Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread.  
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(j) and the Independent Adviser, 
determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency 
Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 4(j)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
vary these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee, the Calculation Agent 
and the Paying Agents of a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in 
the Trust Deed) of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 4(j)(v), the Trustee, the Calculation

--- Page 88 ---
580731022 
81 
Agent and the Paying Agents shall (at the direction and expense of the Issuer), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur with 
the Issuer in using its reasonable endeavours to effect any Benchmark Amendments 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust 
Deed and/or the Agency Agreement), provided that the Trustee, the Calculation Agent 
and/or the Paying Agents shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee, 
the Calculation Agent and/or the Paying Agents doing so would impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or 
reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent 
and/or the Paying Agents in these Conditions, the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed or supplemental 
agency agreement) in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(j)(iv), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4(j) will be notified at least 10 
business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the Trustee, 
the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. In accordance with Condition 14, notice 
shall be provided to the Noteholders promptly thereafter. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee, 
the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as 
the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and 
(iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(j); and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread. 
Each of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely 
on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or 
bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the 
Trustee’s or the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate 
as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(j), if following the determination 
of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments 
(if any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more

--- Page 89 ---
580731022 
82 
alternative courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this 
Condition 4(j), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action 
to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is 
otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to 
make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof 
and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall 
not incur any liability for not doing so.  
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 4(j)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), 
the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
4(b)(iii)(B) or Condition 4(b)(iii)(C) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark 
Event has occurred.  
(vii) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 4(j): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) 
or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in 
the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for 
the Original Reference Rate; or (if Independent Adviser determines that no such 
spread is customarily applied) 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 4(j)(ii) is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the 
Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(j)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or

--- Page 90 ---
580731022 
83 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(e) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will 
be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market; or   
(f) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or 
other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate, 
 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (i) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (b) and (c) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
(ii) in the case of sub-paragraph (d) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the 
Original Reference Rate and (iii) in the case of sub-paragraph (e) above, on the date with 
effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by 
the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market 
and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of 
the relevant public statement.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly 
notified to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance 
of doubt, none of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent or the Paying Agents shall have any 
responsibility for making such determination.  
In this Condition 4(j): 
“business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open 
for business in the place of the specified office of the Calculation Agent; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer under Condition 4(j)(i); 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (or any component part thereof) 
determined pursuant to this Condition 4(j); 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):

--- Page 91 ---
580731022 
84 
(a) 
the European Commission, the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof; and 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(k) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – SOFR 
Where the Original Reference Rate is SOFR, in addition and notwithstanding the terms set forth 
elsewhere in these Conditions, this Condition 4(k) shall apply.  
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement 
If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its 
designee will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from 
time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and/or the 
Paying Agents, subject to receipt of a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories (as 
defined in the Trust Deed) of the Issuer, shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, 
be obliged to concur with the Issuer in using its reasonable endeavours to effect such 
consequential amendments to the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and these Conditions 
as may be required to give effect to this Condition 4(k), provided that the Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent and/or the Paying Agents shall not be obliged to concur if in the opinion 
of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and/or the Paying Agents doing so would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent and/or the Paying Agents in these Conditions, the Trust Deed or the 
Agency Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed or 
supplemental agency agreement). Noteholders’ consent or approval shall not be required 
in connection with effecting any such changes, including the execution of any documents 
or any steps to be taken by the Trustee (if required). Further, none of the Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent or the Paying Agents, shall be responsible or liable for any 
determinations, decisions or elections made by the Issuer or its designee with respect to 
any Benchmark Replacement or any other changes and shall be entitled to rely 
conclusively on any certifications provided to each of them in this regard.

--- Page 92 ---
580731022 
85 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its designee 
pursuant to this Condition 4(k), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate 
or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date 
and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be 
conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be made in the sole discretion of the 
Issuer or its designee, as applicable, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the 
Noteholders or any other party. 
If the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Issuer or its designee, the Rate of Interest 
shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, Minimum Rate of Interest or 
Maximum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin, Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Series of Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Minimum 
Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual 
Period).  
(iv) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 4(k):  
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR; provided that if the Issuer or its designee 
determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-
current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement;  
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date.  
(a) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or  
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or 
its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such 
time and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

--- Page 93 ---
580731022 
86 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date:  
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected by the issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including 
changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its 
designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or 
its designee decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee determine that no market practice 
for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the issuer or its 
designee determines is reasonably necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof):  
(a) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition 
Event” the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or  
(b) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (c) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event” 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof):

--- Page 94 ---
580731022 
87 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component);  
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or  
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
“designee” means a designee as selected and separately appointed by the Issuer in writing;  
“ISDA Definitions” means the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, including any Matrices referred to therein, as published by ISDA; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not 
SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

--- Page 95 ---
580731022 
88 
5 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms at its Final Redemption 
Amount (which, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, is its nominal amount). 
(b) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c), Condition 5(d), Condition 5(e), 
Condition 5(f), Condition 5(g) or Condition 5(h) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 8 shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated 
as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount 
of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue 
price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) 
compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 5(c), Condition 5(d), Condition 5(e), Condition 
5(f), Condition 5(g) or Condition 5(h) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 8 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due 
and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such 
Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall 
have effect as though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable were the 
Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with 
this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until 
the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in 
which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may 
accrue in accordance with Condition 4(c). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes  
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described 
in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c), Condition 5(d), 
Condition 5(e), Condition 5(f), Condition 5(g) or Condition 5(h) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 8, shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons

--- Page 96 ---
580731022 
89 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate 
Note), on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) above) 
(together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption), if: 
(i) 
the Issuer certifies to the Trustee immediately prior to the giving of such notice that the 
Issuer (or, if the Guarantee was called, the Guarantor) has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any change in, 
or amendment to, the laws, treaties, protocols, rulings or regulations of the Kingdom of 
Belgium or Switzerland or, in each case, any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
such laws, treaties, protocols, rulings or regulations, which change or amendment is 
announced, is enacted or becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) 
taking reasonable measures available to it under such laws, treaties, protocols, rulings or 
regulations, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes (or the Guarantee, as the case may be) 
then due.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(c), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Trust 
Deed) of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) stating that the obligation referred to in 
(i) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) taking reasonable 
measures available to it and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate without liability 
and without further enquiry as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set 
out in (i) and (ii) above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option)  
(i) 
If Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less 
than 10 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) redeem all or, if so provided, 
some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date (provided that if the Issuer Maturity 
Par Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Optional Redemption Date falls 
more than 90 days prior to the Maturity Date). Any such redemption of Notes shall be at 
their Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (which may be 
the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) above)), together with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  
(ii) 
If Spens Amount or Make-Whole Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Optional Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount per Note shall be equal 
to: 
(A) 
if Spens Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the higher of (i) the 
nominal amount of the Note; and (ii) the nominal amount of the Note multiplied by 
the price (as reported in writing to the Issuer and the Trustee by the Determination

--- Page 97 ---
580731022 
90 
Agent) expressed as a percentage (rounded to four decimal places, 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards) at which the Gross Redemption Yield on the Notes on the 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (assuming for this 
purpose the Notes are to be redeemed at their nominal amount on the Spens Call 
Reference Date) is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield at the Quotation Time 
specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Determination Date of the Reference 
Bond plus any applicable Redemption Margin specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or  
(B) 
if Make-Whole Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the higher of (i) 
the nominal amount of the Note; and (ii) the sum of the then present values of the 
remaining scheduled payments of principal and Remaining Term Interest (assuming 
for this purpose the Notes are to be redeemed at their nominal amount on the Make-
Whole Reference Date), in each case discounted to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date on either an annual or a semi-annual basis as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (based on the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) at the Reference Dealer Rate plus any applicable Redemption Margin 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, all as determined by the Determination 
Agent;  
in each case together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms and no greater than 
the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms. Any 
notice of redemption given under Condition 5(c) or Condition 5(f) will override any notice of 
redemption given (whether previously, on the same date or subsequently) under this Condition 
5(d). 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition 5(d). 
In this Condition: 
“Determination Agent” means an investment banking, accountancy, appraisal or financial 
advisory firm with international standing that has (in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer) 
appropriate expertise relevant to the determination required to be made under this Condition 5(d) 
selected by the Issuer; 
“Gross Redemption Yield” means a yield expressed as a percentage and calculated by the 
Determination Agent on the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the 
paper “Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields” page 4, Section One: Price/Yield 
Formulae “Conventional Gilts”; “Double-dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) 
Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date” (published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 
and as further updated or amended from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding basis 
(converted on an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) or, if such 
formula does not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a gross 
redemption yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as 
determined by the Determination Agent;

--- Page 98 ---
580731022 
91 
“Make-Whole Reference Date” or “Spens Call Reference Date” means the earliest of (i) the 
Maturity Date, (ii) the Par Call Period Commencement Date (if applicable), and (iii) such other 
date (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” means the government security specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (if 
such security is no longer in issue or, in the determination of the Determination Agent, with the 
advice of the Reference Dealers, is no longer appropriate by reason of illiquidity or otherwise), 
such other government security with a maturity date as near as possible to the Make-Whole 
Reference Date or the Spens Call Reference Date, as applicable, as the Determination Agent may, 
with the advice of the Reference Dealers, determine to be appropriate by way of substitution for 
the original Reference Bond; 
“Reference Dealer Rate” means, with respect to the Reference Dealers and any Optional 
Redemption Date, the average of the four quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of 
the Reference Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms at the Quotation Time specified in the 
applicable Final Terms on the Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by the Reference Dealers; 
“Reference Dealers” means each of four banks which are (A) a primary government securities 
dealer or (B) a market maker in pricing corporate bond issues as selected by the Determination 
Agent after consultation with the Issuer; and 
“Remaining Term Interest” means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term to the Make-Whole Reference Date 
determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call)  
If Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not 
less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Notes at any time during the period commencing on (and including) the day that is 90 days prior 
to the Maturity Date (the “Par Call Period Commencement Date”) to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date, at the Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together 
with interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Clean-up Call)  
If Clean-up Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, if 80 per cent. or more 
in nominal amount of the Notes originally issued have been redeemed or purchased pursuant to the 
operation of (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) any of Condition 5(g) and/or 
Condition 5(h) and/or Condition 5(i), on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable 
notice to Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (such notice being given within 30 days after the relevant redemption or purchase, as the 
case may be), redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) all but not some only of the 
remaining outstanding Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for such redemption or purchase. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders (Put Option)  
If Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (unless prior to the giving of the relevant 
Exercise Notice (as defined below) the Issuer has given notice of redemption under Condition 5(c),

--- Page 99 ---
580731022 
92 
Condition 5(d), Condition 5(e) or Condition 5(f) above), the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder 
of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ 
notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described 
in Condition 5(b) above)), together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption. 
To exercise the Put Option, the holder of a Note must at any time within the notice period (i) deliver 
or cause to be delivered to the specified office of any Paying Agent during normal business hours 
of such Agent a certificate issued by the relevant accountholder certifying that the relevant Notes 
are blocked by it and (ii) complete and deposit with the financial intermediary through which the 
Noteholder holds its Notes (the “Financial Intermediary”) for further delivery to the Issuer (with 
a copy to the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent) a duly completed and signed notice 
of exercise to which the Put Option relates in the form customarily used by the relevant Financial 
Intermediary and as obtainable from any Paying Agent (an “Exercise Notice”). An Exercise 
Notice, once given, shall be irrevocable. 
Noteholders must check with their Financial Intermediary the time by which such Financial 
Intermediary must receive instructions and Exercise Notices in order to meet the deadlines for such 
exercise to be effective. 
Noteholders exercising their put option by giving notice of such exercise to the Issuing and Paying 
Agent in accordance with the standard procedures of the NBB, Euroclear Bank or Clearstream in 
lieu of depositing an Exercise Notice with a Financial Intermediary, are also advised to check the 
time by which the relevant securities settlement system would require to receive notices in order to 
meet the deadlines for such exercise to be effective. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will not be liable for any inaction or late action of a Financial 
Intermediary or the Issuing and Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent and any fees charged by 
a Financial Intermediary and/or the Issuing and Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in relation 
to the deposit of the Exercise Notice or the transfer of the relevant Notes shall be borne by the 
relevant Noteholder. 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders (Change of Control Put Option)  
If Change of Control Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if at any time while 
any Note remains outstanding a Change of Control Put Event occurs, the holder of any such Note 
will have the option (a “Change of Control Put Option”) (unless prior to the giving of the relevant 
Change of Control Put Event Notice, the Issuer has given notice of redemption under Condition 
5(c), Condition 5(d), Condition 5(e) or Condition 5(f) above) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at 
the Issuer’s option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note on the Change of Control Put 
Date at the Change of Control Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together 
with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the Change of Control Put Date. 
Promptly upon the Issuer or the Guarantor becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event 
has occurred, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall give notice (a “Change of Control Put Event 
Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 specifying the nature of the Change 
of Control Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option.

--- Page 100 ---
580731022 
93 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of a Note must at any time within the 
period of 30 days after the relevant Change of Control Put Event Notice is given (the “Change of 
Control Put Period”) (i) deliver or cause to be delivered to the specified office of any Paying 
Agent during normal business hours of such Agent a certificate issued by the relevant 
accountholder certifying that the relevant Notes are blocked by it and (ii) complete and deposit 
with the Financial Intermediary for further delivery to the Issuer (with a copy to the specified office 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent) a duly completed and signed notice of exercise to which the 
Change of Control Put Option relates in the form customarily used by the relevant Financial 
Intermediary and as obtainable from any Paying Agent (a “Change of Control Put Exercise 
Notice”). A Change of Control Put Exercise Notice, once given, shall be irrevocable. 
Noteholders must check with their Financial Intermediary the time by which such Financial 
Intermediary must receive instructions and Change of Control Put Exercise Notices in order to 
meet the deadlines for such exercise to be effective. 
Noteholders exercising their put option by giving notice of such exercise to the Issuing and Paying 
Agent in accordance with the standard procedures of the NBB, Euroclear Bank or Clearstream in 
lieu of depositing a Change of Control Put Exercise Notice with a Financial Intermediary, are also 
advised to check the time by which the relevant securities settlement system would require to 
receive notices in order to meet the deadlines for such exercise to be effective. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will not be liable for any inaction or late action of a Financial 
Intermediary or the Issuing and Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent and any fees charged by 
a Financial Intermediary and/or the Issuing and Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in relation 
to the deposit of the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice or the transfer of the relevant Notes 
shall be borne by the relevant Noteholder. 
If a Change of Control Put Exercise Notice has been validly delivered, the Issuer shall redeem or 
purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant Notes (which are the subject of such Change of 
Control Put Exercise Notice) within five Business Days after the expiration of the Change of 
Control Put Period (the date of such redemption or purchase, the “Change of Control Put Date”) 
unless previously redeemed (or purchased) and cancelled. Payment in respect of any Change of 
Control Put Option so exercised will be made on the Change of Control Put Date in accordance 
with the rules of the NBB-SSS. 
If the rating designations employed by any of Moody’s, Fitch or S&P are changed from those 
which are described in paragraph (ii) of the definition of “Change of Control Put Event” below, or 
if a rating is procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, the Guarantor shall in good faith determine 
the rating designations of Moody’s, Fitch or S&P or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) 
as are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody’s, Fitch or S&P and this Condition 
5(h) shall be construed accordingly, and such determination shall be binding. 
A “Change of Control Event” shall occur if: 
(i) 
an offer to acquire Shares, whether expressed as a public takeover offer (whether voluntary 
or mandatory), a merger or similar scheme with regard to such acquisition, or in any other 
way, is made in circumstances where: 
(A) 
such offer is available to (1) all holders of Shares, (2) all holders of Shares other 
than the offeror and any persons acting in concert with such offeror, or (3) all holders 
of Shares other than persons who are excluded from the offer by reason of being

--- Page 101 ---
580731022 
94 
connected with one or more specific jurisdictions (or a combination of the 
exceptions pursuant to (2) and (3)); and 
(B) 
such offer having become or been declared unconditional with respect to 
acceptances, the Guarantor becomes aware that the right to cast more than 50 per 
cent. of all the voting rights (whether exercisable or not) of the Guarantor has 
become or will become unconditionally vested in the offeror and any persons acting 
in concert with the offeror; or 
(ii) 
the Guarantor consolidates with or merges into any other company, save where, following 
such consolidation or merger, shareholders of the Guarantor immediately prior to such 
consolidation or merger have the right to cast 50 per cent. or more of the voting rights 
(whether exercisable or not) of such other company; or 
(iii) 
the Guarantor becomes aware that the right to cast more than 50 per cent. of all voting 
rights (whether exercisable or not) of the Guarantor has become unconditionally vested 
directly or indirectly in any person (or in persons acting in concert with each other in 
respect of the exercise of such voting rights); or 
(iv) 
the legal or beneficial ownership of all or substantially all of the assets owned by the 
Guarantor, directly or indirectly, is acquired by one or more other persons acting in 
concert; 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date 
and ending 90 days after the Change of Control Event (or such longer period for which the Notes 
are under consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly within the period 
ending 90 days after the Change of Control Event) for rating review or, as the case may be, rating 
by a Rating Agency, such period not to exceed 60 days after the public announcement of such 
consideration); 
A “Change of Control Put Event” will be deemed to occur if: 
(i) 
a Change of Control Event occurs; and 
(ii) 
on the date (the “Relevant Announcement Date”) that is the earlier of (a) the date of the 
first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control Event and (b) the date of the 
earliest Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement (if any), the Notes carry: 
(A) 
an investment grade credit rating (being BBB- from S&P or Fitch, and Baa3 from 
Moody’s, each as defined below, or their respective equivalents, or better) from any 
Rating Agency (an “Investment Grade Rating”), at the invitation of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor and such rating is, within the Change of Control Period, either 
downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (being BB+ from S&P or Fitch, 
and Ba1 from Moody’s or their respective equivalents, or worse) (a “Non-
Investment Grade Rating”) or withdrawn by such Rating Agency and is not, 
within the Change of Control Period, subsequently reinstated or (in the case of a 
downgrade) upgraded to an Investment Grade Rating by such Rating Agency; or 
(B) 
a Non-Investment Grade Rating from any Rating Agency at the invitation of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor and such rating is, within the Change of Control Period, 
either downgraded by one or more rating categories (for example, from Baa1 to 
Baa2 in the case of Moody’s, or such similar lowering) or withdrawn and is not,

--- Page 102 ---
580731022 
95 
within the Change of Control Period, subsequently reinstated or (in the case of a 
downgrade) upgraded to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency; or 
(C) 
no credit rating and a Negative Rating Event also occurs within the Change of 
Control Period, 
provided that, if on the Relevant Announcement Date the Notes carry a credit rating from 
more than one Rating Agency at the invitation of the Issuer or the Guarantor, at least one 
of which is an Investment Grade Rating, then only sub-paragraph (A) above will apply and 
sub-paragraph (B) above will not apply; and 
(iii) 
in making any decision to downgrade or withdraw a credit rating pursuant to sub-
paragraphs (ii)(A) or (ii)(B) above (as the case may be) or not to award a credit rating of 
at least investment grade as described in limb (ii) of the definition of Negative Rating 
Event, the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer 
or the Guarantor that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or to a significant extent, from 
the occurrence of the Change of Control Event or the Relevant Potential Change of Control 
Announcement; 
a “Negative Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at such time as there is no rating 
assigned to the Notes by a Rating Agency (i) the Issuer or the Guarantor does not, either prior to, 
or not later than 21 days after, the occurrence of the Change of Control Event seek, and thereafter 
throughout the remainder of the Change of Control Period use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, 
a rating of the Notes, or any other unsecured and unsubordinated debt of the Guarantor or (ii) if 
the Issuer or the Guarantor does so seek and use such endeavours, it is unable to obtain such a 
rating of at least investment grade by the end of the Change of Control Period; 
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”), Fitch Ratings Limited 
(“Fitch”) or S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) or any of their respective successors or 
any rating agency (a “Substitute Rating Agency”) substituted for any of them by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor from time to time in relation to the Notes; 
“Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or 
statement by the Guarantor, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of any 
actual or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control Event where within 180 days 
following the date of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control Event occurs; and 
“Shares” means registered shares in the Guarantor (as well as any other (if any) shares or stock in 
the Guarantor resulting from any subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of such shares) 
which as between themselves have no preference in respect of dividends or of amounts payable in 
the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation or dissolution of the Guarantor.  
(i) 
Purchases  
The Issuer, the Guarantor and any of their Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise at any price. The Notes so purchased, while held by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any such Subsidiary, shall not entitle the holder to vote at any meetings of the 
Noteholders and shall not be deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of calculating quorums at 
meetings of the Noteholders or for the purposes of Condition 10(a). 
(j) 
Cancellation

--- Page 103 ---
580731022 
96 
All Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5 will be cancelled and may not be re-issued or 
resold. Any Note purchased under Condition 5(i) may be cancelled (in which case it may not be 
reissued), held or, to the extent permitted by law, resold. 
6 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments in respect of the Notes  
Without prejudice to the provisions of the Code, payments of principal, interest and other sums due 
under the Notes will be made through the Issuing and Paying Agent and the NBB-SSS, in 
accordance with the NBB-SSS Regulations. The payment obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(as applicable) will be discharged by payment to the NBB-SSS in respect of each amount so paid. 
(b) 
Payments subject to Laws  
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Internal Revenue Code”) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 7) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto and the Issuer will 
not be liable to Noteholders for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such 
laws, agreements or regulations. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in 
respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Appointment of Agents  
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for 
or with any Noteholder. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall 
at all times maintain an Issuing and Paying Agent and such other agents as may be required by any 
other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed and/or admitted to trading. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(d) 
Non-Business Days  
If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled 
to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such 
postponed payment.  
In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday):  
(i) 
on which the NBB-SSS is operating; and 
(ii) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
Brussels, London and Zurich; and 
(iii) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign

--- Page 104 ---
580731022 
97 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency; or 
(iv) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
7 
Taxation 
All payments of principal (including any premium (if applicable)) and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor in respect of the Notes or Guarantee (as applicable) shall be made without withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Kingdom of Belgium or Switzerland or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt 
by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or 
under the Guarantee (as applicable): 
(i) 
where such Note is held by or on behalf of a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of its having some connection with the 
Kingdom of Belgium or Switzerland, other than merely by being a holder of the Note; or 
(ii) 
on account of any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges which are required to be 
withheld or deducted for any payment of or on account of estate, inheritance, gift, sales, excise, 
transfer, personal property tax or similar assessment or governmental charge; or 
(iii) 
where such Note is held by a holder who, at the time of the issue of the Notes, was not an Eligible 
Investor or held by a holder who was such an Eligible Investor at the time of the issue of the Notes 
but, either ceased to be an Eligible Investor or, at any relevant time on or after the issue of the Notes, 
otherwise failed to meet any other condition for the exemption of Belgian withholding tax pursuant 
to the Belgian law of 6 August 1993 relating to transactions in certain securities; or 
(iv) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment and is required to be made pursuant 
to laws enacted by Switzerland providing for the taxation of payments changing the Swiss federal 
withholding tax system from an issuer-based system to a paying agent-based system pursuant to 
which a person other than the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, is required to withhold 
tax on any interest payments; or 
(v) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who could lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) 
such deduction or withholding by complying or procuring that any third party complies with any 
statutory requirements or by making or procuring that any third party makes a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption to any tax authority in the place where the relevant 
Notes are presented for payment; or 
(vi) 
where such Note is held by a holder who is liable to such taxes because such Note held by it was 
upon its request converted into a registered Note and could no longer be cleared through the NBB-
SSS; or 
(vii) 
any combination of the above. 
In this Condition 7, “Eligible Investor” means a person who is entitled to hold securities through a so-called 
“X-Account” (being an account exempted from withholding tax) that has been opened with a financial 
institution that is a direct or indirect participant in the NBB-SSS in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian

--- Page 105 ---
580731022 
98 
Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the collection and refund of withholding tax (as amended or replaced from 
time to time). 
8 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs, the Trustee at its discretion may, and if so 
requested in writing by holders of at least one-quarter in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or 
if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall, provided that the Trustee shall have been indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor that the Notes 
are, and they shall immediately become, due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount together (if 
applicable) with accrued interest: 
(a) 
Non-Payment: the Issuer, failing whom the Guarantor, fails to pay the principal of or any interest 
on any of the Notes when due and such failure continues for a period of 14 days; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor does not perform or comply with any 
one or more of its other obligations in the Notes or the Trust Deed which default is incapable of 
remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Trustee 
remedied within 20 calendar days (or such longer period as the Trustee may permit) after notice of 
such default shall have been given to the Issuer or the Guarantor by the Trustee; or 
(c) 
Cross-Acceleration: (i) any other present or future indebtedness for or in respect of moneys 
borrowed or raised (“Indebtedness”) of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Material Subsidiaries 
becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of an event of default (howsoever 
described), or (ii) any such Indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any 
originally applicable grace period, or (iii) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Material 
Subsidiaries fails to pay when due or, as the case may be, within any originally applicable grace 
period any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect 
of, any Indebtedness, or (iv) any mortgage, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created or 
assumed by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary in respect of any Indebtedness 
becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the 
appointment of a receiver, manager or other similar person but not serving of a payment order 
(Zahlungsbefehl)), provided that (A) in the case of (i), (ii) and (iii), the aggregate amount of the 
relevant Indebtedness (without double-counting) equals or exceeds CHF 150,000,000 or its 
equivalent and (B) in the case of (iv), the aggregate amount of the relevant Indebtedness in respect 
of which such mortgage, lien or other encumbrance was created or permitted to subsist equals or 
exceeds CHF 150,000,000 or its equivalent and any such steps taken are not discharged, stayed or 
dismissed within 28 days; or 
(d) 
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution, expropriation or sequestration is 
levied, enforced or sued out on or against any asset or assets of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any 
of the Material Subsidiaries having an aggregate value of CHF 150,000,000 or its equivalent and is 
not discharged, stayed or dismissed within 28 days of the date in which such distress, attachment, 
execution, expropriation or sequestration was finally judicially determined against the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or the relevant Material Subsidiary; or 
(e) 
Insolvency: the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Material Subsidiaries is (or is deemed by law or 
a court to be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, stops, suspends or threatens in writing 
to stop or suspend payment of all or a substantial part of its debts, proposes or makes a stay of 
execution, a postponement of payments (Stillhaltevereinbarung), a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any such

--- Page 106 ---
580731022 
99 
debts or a moratorium or postponement of payments (Stillhaltevereinbarung) is agreed or declared 
in respect of or affecting all or a substantial part of the debts of the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Material 
Subsidiary; or 
(f) 
Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution 
of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Material Subsidiaries and any such order is not discharged, 
stayed or dismissed within 28 days, or the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Material Subsidiary ceases or 
threatens in writing to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, except 
(i) for the purpose of and followed by or in connection with a reconstruction, amalgamation, 
reorganisation, merger or consolidation or any other solvent winding-up or solvent liquidation (A) 
on terms either approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders, (B) in the case of the Issuer or the Guarantor, whereby the undertakings and assets of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer or 
Guarantor (as applicable), or (C) in the case of a Material Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and 
assets of the Material Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or another Material Subsidiary or (ii) in relation to any dissolution or merger involving the Issuer 
or the Guarantor where the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, is the surviving company (or, if 
not the surviving company, the successor company assumes all of the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s 
liabilities (as applicable) under the Notes); or 
(g) 
Dissolution or merger: a dissolution or merger involving the Issuer or the Guarantor as a result of 
which the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, is not the surviving company, unless the successor 
company assumes all of the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s liabilities (as applicable) under the Notes; 
or 
(h) 
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or comply with 
any one or more of its obligations under any of the Notes or the Trust Deed; or 
(i) 
Analogous Events: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (c)(iv) to (g) of this Condition 8; or 
(j) 
Guarantee: the Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect, 
provided that, in the case of Conditions 8(b), 8(c), 8(d), 8(e) (in respect of Material Subsidiaries only), 8(f) 
(in respect of Material Subsidiaries only), 8(g), 8(h) and 8(i) (to the extent, in the case of an event having an 
analogous effect to any event referred to in Condition 8(e) or Condition 8(f), such event is in respect of one 
or more Material Subsidiaries only), the Trustee shall have certified in writing to the Issuer and the Guarantor 
that in its opinion such event is materially prejudicial to the interests of Noteholders. 
9 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and 
become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) 
after their due date. 
10 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders  
All meetings of holders of Notes will be held in accordance with the provisions on meetings of 
Noteholders set out in the Schedule to the Agency Agreement (the “Meeting Provisions”).

--- Page 107 ---
580731022 
100 
Meetings of holders of Notes may be convened to consider matters relating to Notes, including the 
modification or waiver of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification or waiver may 
be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution (which means a resolution passed (a) at a 
meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance with these Conditions and the 
Meeting Provisions by or on behalf of Noteholders of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast, (b) by 
a Written Resolution (as defined in the Meeting Provisions) or (c) by an Electronic Consent (as 
defined in the Meeting Provisions). 
All meetings of holders of Notes may be convened by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Trustee and 
shall be convened by the Issuer or the Guarantor upon the request in writing of holders of Notes 
holding at least 20 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. A 
meeting of holders of Notes will be entitled (subject to the consent of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
where required in accordance with the Meeting Provisions) to exercise the powers set out in the 
Meeting Provisions and, subject to the consent of the Issuer and the Guarantor, to modify or waive 
any provision of these Conditions (including any proposal (i) to amend the dates of maturity or 
redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) 
to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, 
(iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of 
calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in 
respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum Rate of Interest and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to reduce any such interest or 
amount, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount or the Change of Control Redemption 
Amount, including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency 
or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, (vii) to modify the provisions concerning 
the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the 
Extraordinary Resolution or (viii) to modify or cancel the Guarantee) in accordance with the quorum 
and majority requirements set out in the Meeting Provisions. Resolutions duly passed in accordance 
with these provisions shall be binding on all holders, whether or not they are present at the meeting 
and whether or not they vote in favour of such a resolution. 
Notices for meetings of holders of Notes shall be made in accordance with the Meeting Provisions. 
The Meeting Provisions provide that, if authorised by the Issuer and the Guarantor, a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Meeting Provisions) signed, or Electronic Consent (as defined in the 
Meeting Provisions) given, by the holders of not less than 75 per cent in nominal amount of the 
Notes outstanding shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution provided that the terms 
of the proposed resolution shall have been notified in advance to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
Resolutions of holders of Notes which require an amendment to these Conditions, the Trust Deed 
or the Agency Agreement will only be effective if such resolutions have been approved by the Issuer 
and the Guarantor. 
(b) 
Modification of the Trust Deed  
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to (i) any modification of any of 
these Conditions or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that in the opinion of the Trustee is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other 
modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach

--- Page 108 ---
580731022 
101 
or proposed breach of any of these Conditions or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that is in 
the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such 
modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and such modification 
shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable. 
In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any amendments in 
the circumstances set out in Condition 4(j) or Condition 4(k) without the consent of the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Substitution  
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such amendment of 
the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, but without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to the substitution of any other company in place of the Issuer or the Guarantor, or of 
any previous substituted company, as principal debtor or guarantor under the Trust Deed and the 
Notes. In the case of such a substitution the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to a change of the law governing the Notes and/or the Trust Deed provided that such 
change would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee  
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not limited to those referred to in this 
Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and shall not 
have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders and the Trustee shall 
not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer or the 
Guarantor any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise 
upon individual Noteholders. 
11 
Enforcement 
At any time after the Notes become due and payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further 
notice, institute such proceedings or take such actions or steps against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor as it 
may think fit to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed and the Notes, but it need not take any such proceedings, 
actions or steps unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in 
writing by Noteholders holding at least one-quarter in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, and (b) it 
shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. No Noteholder may proceed 
directly against the Issuer or the Guarantor unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails or 
is unable to do so within a reasonable time from the date on which the Trustee is so bound and such failure 
or inability is continuing.  
12 
Indemnification of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
any entity related to the Issuer or the Guarantor without accounting for any profit. 
The Trustee may rely without liability to Noteholders on a report, confirmation or certificate or any advice 
of any accountants, financial advisers, financial institution or any other expert, whether or not addressed to 
it and whether their liability in relation thereto is limited (by its terms or by any engagement letter relating 
thereto entered into by the Trustee or in any other manner) by reference to a monetary cap, methodology or 
otherwise. The Trustee may accept and shall be entitled to rely on any such report, confirmation or certificate

--- Page 109 ---
580731022 
102 
or advice and such report, confirmation or certificate or advice shall be binding on the Trustee and the 
Noteholders.  
13 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further securities 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first 
payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series 
with an outstanding Series. References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context requires 
otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single series with the Notes.  
14 
Notices 
Notices required to be given to Noteholders pursuant to these Conditions shall be delivered by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or, as applicable, the Guarantor to the NBB for communication by it to the participants of the 
NBB-SSS. So long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices required to be given 
to the holders of the Notes pursuant to these Conditions shall also be published either on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort). So long as the Notes are listed and/or 
admitted to trading, notices required to be given to the holders of the Notes pursuant to these Conditions 
shall also be published (if such publication is required) in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are listed/and or admitted 
to trading. If in the opinion of the Trustee any such publication is not practicable, notice required to be given 
pursuant to these Conditions shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English language 
newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the 
date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which 
publication is made, as provided above. 
In addition to the above, communications and publications with respect to notices for meetings of holders 
and convening notices for such meetings shall be made in accordance with the Meeting Provisions. 
15 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999.  
16 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law  
The Trust Deed (except clause 4), the Agency Agreement (except the Schedule) and the Notes 
(except Condition 1 and Condition 10(a)) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
Clause 4 of the Trust Deed, the Schedule to the Agency Agreement, Condition 1 and Condition 
10(a) of the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Belgian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction  
The courts of England in London are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of 
or in connection with any Notes or the Guarantee and accordingly any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with any Notes or the Guarantee (“Proceedings”) may be brought in

--- Page 110 ---
580731022 
103 
such courts. Pursuant to the Trust Deed, each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has irrevocably 
submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Service of Process  
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has irrevocably appointed Lonza 
Group UK Ltd of 228 Bath Road, Slough, Berkshire SL1 4DX as its agent in England to receive, 
for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England.

--- Page 111 ---
580731022 
104 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-
applicable provisions, is set out below: 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97][the Insurance Distribution 
Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA [(“UK MiFIR”)]. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in [Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018]/[UK MiFIR]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)][distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’]

--- Page 112 ---
580731022 
105 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 
2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of 
the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products] / [capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded] / 
[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products).]7 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to “consumers” 
(consommateurs/consumenten) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Code de droit 
économique/Wetboek van economisch recht), as amended. 
ELIGIBLE INVESTORS ONLY – The Notes may only be held by, and may only be transferred to, eligible 
investors referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 (“Eligible Investors”) holding 
their Notes in an exempt account that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect 
participant in the settlement system operated by the National Bank of Belgium or any successor thereto. 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Lonza Finance International NV 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300AS6XQBD4ETT379 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed by Lonza Group AG 
under the €[8,000,000,000] Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 28 April 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”)]/[the Prospectus Regulation]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
[as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s]] [has/have] been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.) 
1 
 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
7 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 113 ---
580731022 
106 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●]] 
 
[(iii)
 
 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form 
a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [insert description of the Series] on 
[insert date/the Issue Date]].] 
2 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
4 
 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5 
 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] 
(Note: No Notes may be issued which have a minimum 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent 
amount in other currencies.))  
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
6 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7 
 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
8 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[●] month [EURIBOR]]/[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[€STR]/ 
+/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(See paragraph [13/14/15] below) 
9 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100]/[●] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
10 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 below 
and identify there/Not Applicable] 
11 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call] 
[Clean-up Call] 
[Put Option] 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
[See paragraph [16/17/18/19/20] below)]

--- Page 114 ---
580731022 
107 
12 
 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes [and Guarantee] obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes or related Guarantee)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
14 
 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[●] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (iv) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iv) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iv) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 115 ---
580731022 
108 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●] in each year[, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (iv) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention in (iv) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
(Only Following Business Day Convention may be 
selected as long as the Notes are represented 
exclusively by a book entry in the records of the NBB-
SSS.) 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention] 
[Following Business Day Convention] 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]  
[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[ISDA Determination] 
[Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate] 
[Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate] 
 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent]/[●] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
(A) 
Reference Rate: 
[[●] month [EURIBOR]] 
[€STR] 
[SOFR] 
[SONIA] 
 
(B) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(C) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded Daily] 
[Weighted Average] 
[Index Average] 
 
(E) 
Observation Method: 
[Lag] 
[Observation Shift] 
 
(F) 
D:  
[As per the Conditions] 
 
(G) 
Lag Look-back Period (p): 
[●] 
 
(H) 
Observation Shift Period 
(p): 
[●]

--- Page 116 ---
580731022 
109 
 
(I) 
Compounded Index Period 
(p): 
[●] 
(Applicable only if the Reference Rate is SOFR or 
SONIA and the Calculation Method is Index Average) 
 
(J) 
Relevant Decimal Place: 
[As per the Conditions] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
(A) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(B) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[[●]/EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA 
Definitions apply)/EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA 
Definitions apply)/EUR-EuroSTR/EUR-EuroSTR 
Compounded Index/GBP-SONIA/GBP-SONIA 
Compounded Index/USD-SOFR/USD-SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
(These are the only Floating Rate Options envisaged 
by the terms and conditions) 
 
(C) 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate)  
 
(D) 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(E) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
 
 Compounding Method: 
 
[Compounding with Lookback  
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(F) 
Index Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
 
 Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 117 ---
580731022 
110 
 
(x) 
 
Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
15 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16 
 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Condition 5(b) applies] 
[Spens Amount/Make-Whole Amount] 
 
 
 
[(If Spens Amount or Make-Whole Amount is selected, 
include items (A) to (E) below or relevant options as 
are set out in the Conditions)] 
 
 
(A) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond]] 
 
 
(B) 
Quotation Time: 
[●]] 
 
 
(C) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[●] per cent.]]

--- Page 118 ---
580731022 
111 
 
 
(D) 
Determination Date:  
[●]] 
 
 
(E) 
Discount Basis:  
[Annual/Semi-annual]]  
(Relevant to Make-Whole Amount only) 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(A) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(B) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
17 
 
Issuer Maturity Par Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Notice period:  
[●] days  
18 
 
Clean-up Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Notice period:  
[●] days 
19 
 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount / Condition 5(b) applies 
 
(iii) 
Notice period:  
[●] days 
20 
 
Change of Control Put Option:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Change of Control Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
21 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[●][Par] per Calculation Amount 
22 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[●]/[Par] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23 
 
Green Bonds: 
[Yes] [No] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
[(i)] 
[Reviewer(s)8:] 
[Name of sustainability rating agencies and name of 
third party assurance agent, if any and details of 
compliance opinion(s) and availability] 
 
8  The compliance opinion[s] do[es] not form part of the Final Terms or the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 119 ---
580731022 
112 
 
[(ii)] 
[Date of Second Party 
Opinion(s)9:] 
[Give details] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). [Each of the] [The] Issuer [and 
the Guarantor(s)] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Lonza Finance International NV: 
 
By:  ............................................... 
 Duly authorised 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Lonza Group AG: 
 
By:  ............................................... 
 Duly authorised 
 
By:  ............................................... 
 Duly authorised 
 
 
9  The Second Party Opinion does not form part of the Final Terms or the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 120 ---
580731022 
113 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted [to the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and] to trading on [the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with effect from [●].][Not 
Applicable.] 
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii)  
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[●] 
2 
 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes 
of this type issued under the Programme generally]]: 
 
 
 
[S & P: [●]] 
 
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
 
 
[[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
(Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if 
this has previously been published by the rating provider) 
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the [EU/UK] and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 [as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018].] 
3 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the statement below:) 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4 
 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS

--- Page 121 ---
580731022 
114 
 
(i) 
 
Use of proceeds: 
[●] 
[See [“Use of Proceeds”] in the Base Prospectus/Give details] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details here.) 
 
(ii)  
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5 
 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
6 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
(ii)  
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
(iii)  
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(iv)  
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[●] 
 
(v)  
[Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper). Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]] 
7 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii)  
If syndicated:

--- Page 122 ---
580731022 
115 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii)  
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv)  
US Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance [Category 2]; TEFRA not applicable

--- Page 123 ---
580731022 
116 
CLEARING 
The Notes will be in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian companies and associations code 
(Code des sociétés et des associations / Wetboek van vennootschappen en verenigingen) dated 23 March 2019, 
as amended from time to time (the “Code”). The Notes will be represented exclusively by a book entry in the 
records of the settlement system operated by the National Bank of Belgium (the “NBB”) or any successor 
thereto (the “NBB-SSS”). There are no bearer certificates, whether in global or definitive form. The owners of 
such dematerialised securities can request at any time that their securities are converted into registered 
securities, at their expense. 
The Notes can be held by their holders through the participants in the NBB-SSS, including Euroclear Bank, 
Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France, LuxCSD, any 
other national or international NBB investors central depositories (“NBB investor (I)CSDs”) or through other 
financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Notes through Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext 
Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France, LuxCSD or other participants in the NBB-SSS. 
Title to the Notes will pass by account transfer.  
The Notes are intended to be settled through the X/N accounts system organised within the NBB-SSS in 
accordance with the law of 6 August 1993 on transactions in certain securities (loi relative aux opérations sur 
certaines valeurs mobilières/wet betreffende de transacties met bepaalde effecten), its implementing Belgian 
royal decrees of 26 May 1994 and 14 June 1994 and the rules of the NBB-SSS and its annexes, as issued or 
modified by the NBB from time to time (the laws, decrees and rules mentioned in this section being referred to 
herein as the “NBB-SSS Regulations”). Any partial redemption of the Notes is expected to be effected by the 
NBB-SSS on a pro rata basis. 
Payment of principal, interest and other sums due in respect of Notes will be made through the Issuing and 
Paying Agent and the NBB-SSS in accordance with the NBB-SSS Regulations, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, 
SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France, LuxCSD, any other NBB 
investor (I)CSDs and any other participant in the NBB-SSS holding interest in the relevant Notes, and any 
payment made by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) to the NBB-SSS or, in the case of payments in any 
currency other than euro or a currency which is participating in Target-Securities, to Euroclear Bank, 
Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD and 
any other NBB investor (I)CSDs will constitute good discharge for the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor. Upon receipt of any payment in respect of Notes, the NBB-SSS, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX 
SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France, LuxCSD and any other NBB-SSS 
participant, shall immediately credit the accounts of the relevant account holders with the payment. Noteholders 
are entitled to exercise their voting rights and other associative rights (as defined for the purposes of Article 
7:41 of the Code) against the Issuer upon submission of an affidavit drawn up by the NBB, Euroclear Bank, 
Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France, LuxCSD or 
another participant duly licensed in the Kingdom of Belgium to keep dematerialised securities accounts showing 
their position in the Notes (or the position held by the financial institution through which their Notes are held 
with the NBB, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, 
Euroclear France, LuxCSD or such other participant, in which case an affidavit drawn up by that financial 
institution will also be required).

--- Page 124 ---
580731022 
117 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or supplement to 
this Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the Market, shall constitute a prospectus supplement as required by Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 125 ---
580731022 
118 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of the Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s understanding of certain Belgian and 
Swiss tax considerations relating to the Notes and the Guarantee. It is restricted to the matters of Belgian and 
Swiss taxation stated herein and is intended neither as tax advice nor as a complete analysis of all tax 
considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of the 
Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, 
holding and disposing of the Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the 
Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This overview is based upon 
the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect 
after such date, even with retroactive effect. Nonetheless, without prejudice to the foregoing and without this 
being exhaustive, the Belgian legislator has recently announced its intention to increase the tax rate of the 
Belgian annual tax on securities accounts (jaarlijkse taks op de effectenrekeningen/taxe annuelle sur les comptes-
titres) from 0.15 per cent. to 0.30 per cent. as of 1 January 2024. 
BELGIAN TAXATION 
Belgian Withholding Tax 
All payments by or on behalf of the Issuer of interest on the Notes are in principle subject to Belgian withholding 
tax on the gross amount of the interest, currently at the rate of 30 per cent. Both Belgian domestic tax law and 
applicable tax treaties may provide for lower or zero rates subject to certain conditions and formalities. 
In this regard, “interest” means (i) the periodic interest income, (ii) any amount paid by the Issuer in excess of 
the issue price (upon full or partial redemption whether or not on the maturity date, or upon purchase by the 
Issuer) and, (iii) in case of a realisation of Notes between two interest payment dates, the pro rata of accrued 
interest corresponding to the detention period. 
However, payments of interest and principal under the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer may be made without 
deduction of withholding tax in respect of the Notes if and as long as at the moment of payment or attribution 
of interest they are held by certain eligible investors (the “Eligible Investors”, see hereinafter) in an exempt 
securities account (an “X Account”) that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect 
participant (a “Participant”) in the NBB-SSS. Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities 
Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France and LuxCSD are directly or indirectly Participants for this 
purpose. 
Holding the Notes through the NBB-SSS enables Eligible Investors to receive gross interest income on their 
Notes and to transfer Notes on a gross basis. 
Participants to the NBB-SSS must enter the Notes which they hold on behalf of Eligible Investors in an X Account. 
Eligible Investors are those listed in article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of 
withholding tax (koninklijk besluit van 26 mei 1994 over de inhouding en de vergoeding van de roerende 
voorheffing/arrêté royal du 26 mai 1994 relatif à la perception et à la bonification du précompte mobilier) 
which include, inter alia: 
(i) 
Belgian companies subject to Belgian corporate income tax as referred to in article 2, §1, 5°, b) of the 
Belgian code on income tax of 1992 (wetboek van de inkomenstenbelastingen 1992/code des impôts sur 
les revenus 1992, the “BITC1992”);

--- Page 126 ---
580731022 
119 
(ii) 
institutions, associations or companies specified in article 2, §3 of the law of 9 July 1975 on the control 
of insurance companies other than those referred to in (i) and (iii) subject to the application of article 
262, 1° and 5° of the BITC1992; 
(iii) 
state regulated institutions (parastatalen/institutions parastatales) for social security, or institutions 
which are assimilated therewith, provided for in article 105, 2º of the royal decree implementing the 
BITC 1992 (koninklijk besluit tot invoering van het wetboek inkomstenbelastingen 1992/arrêté royal 
d’exécution du code des impôts sur les revenus 1992, the “RD/BITC 1992”); 
(iv) 
non-resident investors provided for in article 105, 5º of the RD/BITC 1992; 
(v) 
investment funds, recognised in the framework of pension savings, provided for in article 115 of the 
RD/BITC 1992; 
(vi) 
taxpayers provided for in article 227, 2º of the BITC 1992 which have used the income generating capital 
for the exercise of their professional activities in Belgium and which are subject to non-resident income 
tax pursuant to article 233 of the BITC 1992; 
(vii) 
the Belgian State in respect of investments which are exempt from withholding tax in accordance with 
article 265 of the BITC 1992; 
(viii) investment funds governed by foreign law which are an indivisible estate managed by a management 
company for the account of the participants, provided the fund units are not offered publicly in Belgium 
or traded in Belgium; and 
(ix) 
Belgian resident corporations, not provided for under (i) above, when their activities exclusively or 
principally consist of the granting of credits and loans. 
Eligible Investors do not include, inter alia, Belgian resident investors who are individuals or non-profit making 
organisations, other than those mentioned under (ii) and (iii) above. 
Upon opening of an X Account for the holding of Notes, an Eligible Investor is required to provide the 
Participant with a statement of its eligible status on a form approved by the Belgian Minister of Finance. There 
are no ongoing declaration requirements for Eligible Investors save that they need to inform the Participants of 
any changes to the information contained in the statement of their tax eligible status. 
Participants are required to annually provide the NBB with listings of investors who have held an X Account 
during the preceding calendar year. 
An X Account may be opened with a Participant by an intermediary (an “Intermediary”) in respect of Notes 
that the Intermediary holds for the account of its clients (the “Beneficial Owners”), provided that each 
Beneficial Owner is an Eligible Investor. In such a case, the Intermediary must deliver to the Participant a 
statement on a form approved by the Minister of Finance confirming that: (i) the Intermediary is itself an 
Eligible Investor; and (ii) the Beneficial Owners holding their Notes through it are also Eligible Investors. The 
Beneficial Owner is also required to deliver a statement of its eligible status to the Intermediary. 
These identification requirements do not apply to Notes held in central securities depositaries as defined in 
Article 2, first paragraph, (1) of the Regulation (EU) N° 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories 
and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012 ("CSD") as Participants 
to the NBB-SSS (each, a "NBB-CSD"), provided that the relevant NBB-CSD only holds X Accounts and that 
they are able to identify the Holders for whom they hold Notes in such account. For the identification 
requirements not to apply, it is furthermore required that the contracts which were concluded by the relevant

--- Page 127 ---
580731022 
120 
NBB-CSD as Participants include the commitment that all their clients, holder of an account, are Eligible 
Investors. 
Belgian Income Tax 
Belgian resident individuals 
The Notes may only be held by Eligible Investors. Consequently, the Notes may not be held by Belgian resident 
individuals as they do not qualify as Eligible Investors. 
Belgian resident companies 
Interest attributed or paid to corporations which are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. which are subject to 
Belgian corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting/impôt des sociétés), as well as capital gains realised 
upon the disposal of Notes are taxable at the ordinary corporate income tax rate of in principle 25 per cent. 
(with, subject to certain conditions, a reduced rate of 20 per cent. applying to the first tranche of EUR 100,000 
of taxable income of qualifying small companies as defined in Article 1:24 of the Belgian Companies and 
Associations Code). Capital losses realised upon the disposal of the Notes are in principle tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to investment companies within the meaning of Article 185bis of the BITC 1992. 
Belgian resident legal entities 
The Notes may only be held by Eligible Investors. Consequently, the Notes may not be held by Belgian legal 
entities subject to Belgian legal entities tax (rechtspersonenbelasting/impôts des personnes morales) which do 
not qualify as Eligible Investors. 
Belgian legal entities that qualify as Eligible Investors and that consequently have received gross interest 
income (without deduction of withholding tax) are required to declare and pay the 30 per cent. withholding tax 
to the Belgian tax authorities themselves. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gains qualify as 
interest (as described in “Belgian Withholding Tax” above). Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
Organisations for Financing Pensions 
Interest and capital gains derived by Organisations for Financing Pensions (Organismen voor de Financiering 
van Pensioenen/Organismes de Financement de Pensions) in the meaning of the Law of 27 October 2006 on 
the activities and supervision of institutions for occupational retirement provision (wet van 27 oktober 2006 
betreffende het toezicht op de instellingen voor bedrijfspensioenvoorziening/loi du 27 octobre 2006 relative au 
contrôle des institutions de retraite professionnelle), are in principle exempt from Belgian corporate income 
tax. Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. Subject to certain conditions, any Belgian withholding 
tax that has been levied can be credited against any corporate income tax due and any excess amount is in 
principle refundable. 
Belgian non-residents 
Noteholders who are not residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes and who are not holding the Notes 
through a permanent establishment in Belgium will not become liable for any Belgian tax on income or capital 
gains by reason only of the acquisition or disposal of the Notes, provided that they qualify as Eligible Investors 
and that they hold their Notes in an X Account.

--- Page 128 ---
580731022 
121 
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
A tax on stock exchange transactions (taks op de beursverrichtingen/taxe sur les opérations de bourse) will be 
levied on the acquisition and disposal of Notes on the secondary market if (i) carried out in Belgium through a 
professional intermediary or (ii) deemed to be carried out in Belgium, which is the case if the order is directly 
or indirectly made to a professional intermediary established outside of Belgium, either by private individuals 
with habitual residence (gewone verblijfplaats/residence habituelle) in Belgium, or legal entities for the account 
of their seat or establishment in Belgium (both referred to as a “Belgian Investor”). 
The acquisition of Notes upon their issuance (primary market) is not subject to the tax on stock exchange 
transactions. 
The tax is due at a rate of 0.12 per cent. on each acquisition and disposal separately, with a maximum amount 
of EUR 1,300 per transaction and per party. 
A separate tax is due by each party to the transaction, and both taxes are collected by the professional 
intermediary. However, if the intermediary is established outside of Belgium, the tax on the stock exchange 
transactions will in principle be due by the Belgian Investor, unless the Belgian Investor can demonstrate that 
the tax on the stock exchange transactions has already been paid by the professional intermediary established 
outside of Belgium. In the latter case, the professional intermediary established outside of Belgium also has to 
provide each client (which gives such intermediary an order) with a qualifying order statement 
(borderel/bordereau), at the latest on the business day after the day on which the relevant transaction was 
realised. The qualifying order statements must be numbered in series and duplicates must be retained by the 
financial intermediary. A duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying agent day-to-day listing, numbered in series. 
Alternatively, professional intermediaries established outside Belgium could however appoint a stock exchange 
tax representative in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and formalities (“Stock Exchange Tax 
Representative”). In such case the Stock Exchange Tax Representative would then be liable towards the 
Belgian Treasury to pay the tax on stock exchange transactions and to comply with the reporting obligations in 
that respect. If such a Stock Exchange Tax Representative has paid the tax on stock exchange transactions, the 
Belgian Investor will, as per the above, no longer be required to pay the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
However, the tax on stock exchange transactions will not be payable by exempt persons acting for their own 
account including investors who are not Belgian residents, provided they deliver an affidavit to the financial 
intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status, and certain Belgian institutional investors as 
defined in Article 126.1, 2° of the code of miscellaneous duties and taxes (wetboek diverse rechten en taksen/code 
des droits et taxes divers). 
As stated above, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common FTT. The 
proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the participating Member States shall not 
maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the Council 
Directive 2006/112/EC of November 28, 2006 on the common system of value added tax). For Belgium, the 
tax on stock exchange transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into force. The proposal is still 
subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and therefore may be changed at any time. 
Annual tax on securities accounts 
Following the Law of 17 February 2021, a new annual tax on securities accounts was introduced (the “Annual 
Tax on Securities Accounts”) (jaarlijkse taks op de effectenrekeningen/taxe annuelle sur les comptes-titres). 
The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is levied on securities accounts of which the average value during the 
reference period (i.e a period of twelve consecutive months beginning on 1 October and ending, in principle, 
on 30 September of the next year), exceeds EUR 1,000,000. The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is 
applicable to securities accounts that are held by resident individuals, companies and legal entities, irrespective

--- Page 129 ---
580731022 
122 
as to whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary in Belgium or abroad. The Annual Tax on 
Securities Accounts also applies to securities accounts held by non-residents individuals, companies and legal 
entities with a financial intermediary in Belgium. However, the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is not levied 
on securities accounts held by specific types of regulated entities in the context of their own professional activity 
and for their own account. 
The applicable tax rate is equal to the lowest amount of either 0.15 per cent. of the average value of the financial 
instruments and funds held on the account or 10 per cent. of the difference between the average value of the 
financial instruments and funds held on the account and EUR 1,000,000. The tax base is the sum of the values 
of the taxable financial instruments at the different reference points in time, i.e., 31 December, 31 March, 30 
June and 30 September, divided by the number of those points in time. 
The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts needs to be withheld, declared and paid by the Belgian intermediary. 
Intermediaries not established or set up in Belgium have the possibility, when managing a securities account 
subject to the tax, to appoint a representative in Belgium approved by or on behalf of the Minister of Finance 
(the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts Representative). The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts Representative 
is jointly and severally liable vis-à-vis the Belgian State to declare and pay the tax and to fulfil all other 
obligations for intermediaries related to the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts, such as compliance with certain 
reporting obligations. In cases where no intermediary has withheld, declared and paid the Annual Tax on 
Securities Accounts, the holder of the securities account needs to declare and pay the tax himself, unless he can 
prove that the tax has already been withheld, declared and paid by either a Belgian intermediary or Annual Tax 
on Securities Accounts Representative of a foreign intermediary. 
A new specific, irrebuttable and retroactive anti-abuse provision applying as from 30 October 2020 was also 
introduced, targeting (i) the splitting of a securities account into multiple accounts held with the same financial 
intermediary and (ii) the conversion of taxable financial instruments into registered financial instruments 
(financiële instrumenten op naam/instruments financiers nominatifs). Furthermore, a general, rebuttable anti-
abuse provision was introduced. However, the specific, irrebuttable anti-abuse provision and the retroactieve 
aspect of the general anti-abuse provision were declared null and void by the Belgian Constitutional Court on 
27 October 2022. 
Prospective Noteholders are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the new Annual Tax on 
Securities Accounts. 
The proposed financial transactions tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in the Kingdom of Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, 
Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia, although Estonia has since stated that it will not participate (the “FTT 
Participating Member States”). The Commission’s Proposal has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, 
apply to certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Draft Directive, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of 
the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. 
According to the latest draft of this new FTT proposal (submitted by the German government), the FTT would 
be levied at a rate of at least 0.2 per cent. of the consideration for the acquisition of ownership of shares 
(including ordinary and any preference shares) admitted to trading on a trading venue or a similar third country

--- Page 130 ---
580731022 
123 
venue, or of other securities equivalent to such shares (the “Financial Instruments”) or similar transactions 
(e.g. an acquisition of Financial Instruments by means of an exchange of Financial Instruments or by means of 
a physical settlement of a derivative). Only transactions with Financial Instruments that have been issued by a 
company, partnership or other entity whose registered office is established within one of the Participating 
Member States and with a market capitalisation of at least EUR 1 billion on 1 December of the year preceding 
the respective transaction would be covered. The FTT would be payable to the Participating Member State in 
whose territory the issuer of a Financial Instrument has established its registered office. According to the latest 
draft of the new FTT proposal, the FTT would not apply to straight notes. Like the Commission’s Proposal, the 
latest draft of the new FTT proposal also stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the Participating Member 
States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in 
the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax). 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the FTT Participating Member States and 
the scope of any such tax is uncertain. Additional EU member states may decide to participate. Prospective 
holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.  
In any event, the European Commission declared that, if there is no agreement between the Participating 
Member States by the end 2022, it will endeavour to propose a new own resource, based on a new FTT, by 
June 2024 in view of its introduction by 1 January 2026, as also set out in the Council regulation laying down 
the Multiannual Financial Framework for the years 2021 to 2027. 
Prospective Holders of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers in relation to the consequences of the 
FTT associated with the subscription, purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
Common Reporting Standard 
The exchange of information is governed by the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”). 
As of 22 November 2022, the total of jurisdictions that have signed the multilateral competent authority 
agreement on the automatic exchange of financial account information (“MCAA”), amounted to 119. The 
MCAA is a multilateral framework agreement to automatically exchange financial and personal information, 
with the subsequent bilateral exchanges coming into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent 
notifications. 
Council Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation, as amended by the 
Directive on Administrative Cooperation (2014/107/EU) of 9 December 2014 (“DAC2”), implemented the 
exchange of information based on the CRS within the EU. The CRS has been transposed in Belgium by the 
Law of 16 December 2015. 
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due diligence 
standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, dividends, account 
balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from financial assets and other income 
generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made with respect to the account. Reportable 
accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which includes trusts and foundations) with fiscal 
residence in another CRS country. The standard includes a requirement to look through passive entities to report 
on the relevant controlling persons. 
Under DAC2 (and the Belgian law of 16 December 2015, see below), Belgian financial institutions holding the 
Notes for tax residents in another CRS contracting state, shall report financial information regarding the Notes 
(income, gross proceeds, etc.) to the Belgian competent authority, who shall communicate the information to 
the competent authority of the CRS state of the tax residence of the beneficial owner.

--- Page 131 ---
580731022 
124 
The Belgian government has implemented DAC2, respectively the CRS, pursuant to the Law of 16 December 
2015 regarding the exchange of information on financial accounts by Belgian financial institutions and by the 
Belgian tax administration, in the context of an automatic exchange of information on an international level and 
for tax purposes (the “Law of 16 December 2015”). 
As a result of the Law of 16 December 2015, the mandatory automatic exchange of information applies in 
Belgium (i) as of financial year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) towards the EU Member States 
(including Austria, irrespective of the fact that the automatic exchange of information by Austria towards other 
EU Member States is only foreseen as of income year 2017), (ii) as of financial year 2014 (first information 
exchange in 2016) towards the US and (iii) with respect to any other jurisdictions that have signed the MCAA, 
as of a date to be further determined by Royal Decree. In a Royal Decree of 14 June 2017, it was determined 
that the automatic provision of information has to be provided (i) as from 2017 (for the 2016 financial year) for 
a first list of 18 jurisdictions, (ii) as from 2018 (for the 2017 financial year) for a second list of 44 jurisdictions, 
(iii) as from 2019 (for the 2018 financial year) for a third list of 1 jurisdiction, and (iv) as from 2020 (for the 
2019 financial year) for a fourth list of 6 jurisdictions. 
Prospective holders of Notes who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers. 
SWISS TAXATION 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
Payments by the Issuer of interest on, and repayment of principal of, the Notes, or any payments by the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee, will not be subject to Swiss withholding tax. So long as the Notes are 
outstanding, the Issuer and the Guarantor will ensure that (i) the Issuer will have its domicile and place of 
effective management outside Switzerland, and (ii) the aggregate amount of proceeds from the issuance of all 
outstanding debt instruments issued by a non-Swiss member of Lonza and the Lonza Group with the parental 
guarantee of a Swiss member of Lonza and the Lonza Group (including the Notes) that is being applied by any 
member of Lonza and the Lonza Group in Switzerland does not exceed the amount that is permissible under 
the taxation laws in effect at such time in Switzerland without subjecting interest payments due under the Notes 
(or any payments under the Guarantee) to Swiss federal withholding tax.  
In 2022, a new draft legislation that would have provided for the abolition of Swiss withholding tax on interest 
payments on bonds was rejected in a public referendum vote. Prior to this draft legislation, the Swiss Federal 
Council had in 2020 initiated a reform of the Swiss withholding tax system for interest payments on notes which 
provided for, among other things, a replacement of the current debtor-based regime applicable to interest 
payments with a paying agent-based regime for Swiss withholding tax. This paying agent-based regime was 
intended to (i) subject all interest payments made by paying agents in Switzerland to individuals resident in 
Switzerland to Swiss withholding tax and (ii) exempt from Swiss withholding tax interest payments to all other 
persons, including to Swiss domiciled legal entities and foreign investors (other than for indirect interest 
payments via foreign and domestic collective investments vehicles). While this reform had been abolished before 
being submitted to parliament (after a negative outcome in the consultation on the draft legislation), if such a 
new paying agent-based regime were to be enacted and were to result in the deduction or withholding of Swiss 
withholding tax on any interest payments in respect of a Note by any person other than the Issuer, the holder 
would not be entitled to receive any additional amounts as a result of such deduction or withholding under the 
terms of the Notes.

--- Page 132 ---
580731022 
125 
Swiss Securities Turnover Tax 
The issuance and sale of the Notes on the issue date are exempt from Swiss securities turnover tax 
(Umsatzabgabe) (primary market). Secondary market dealings in Notes may be subject to the Swiss securities 
turnover tax at a rate of up to 0.30 per cent. of the purchase price of the Notes, however, only if a securities dealer 
in Switzerland or Liechtenstein, as defined in the Swiss Federal Act on Stamp Duties (Bundesgesetz über die 
Stempelabgaben), is a party or an intermediary to the transaction and no exemption applies. An exemption 
applies, inter alia, for each party to a transaction in Notes that is not resident in Switzerland or Liechtenstein. 
Swiss Income Taxation of Non-Swiss tax resident Investors 
Payments of interest on, and repayment of principal of, the Notes, by the Issuer to, and payments under the 
Guarantee by the Guarantor, and gain realised on the sale or redemption of a Note by a holder of a Note who is 
not a resident of Switzerland and who during the current taxation year has not engaged in a trade or business 
through a permanent establishment in Switzerland to which such Note is attributable, will, in respect of such 
Note, not be subject to any Swiss federal, cantonal or communal income. 
For a discussion of Swiss withholding tax, see above under “—Swiss Withholding Tax”, for a discussion of the 
automatic exchange of information in tax matters, see below under “—International Automatic Exchange of 
Information in Tax Matters”, and for a discussion of the Swiss facilitation of the implementation of the Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act, see below under “—Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act”. 
Swiss Income Taxation of Notes held by Swiss tax resident Individuals as Private Assets 
A holder of a Note who is an individual resident in Switzerland and who holds such Note as a private asset is 
required to include interest payments and any payment by the Issuer upon redemption relating to accrued 
interest on such Note in their personal income tax return for the relevant tax period, converted from Euro into 
Swiss francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of payment, and will be taxed on any net taxable income 
(including the payments of interest on such Note) for such tax period. A gain (including a gain in respect of 
interest accrued, foreign currency exchange rate appreciation or change in market interest rate) on the sale or 
redemption of such a Note is a tax-free private capital gain and, a loss realised on the sale of a Note is a non-
tax-deductible private capital loss. 
Swiss Income Taxation of Notes held by Swiss tax resident Individuals or Entities as Business Assets 
Individuals who hold a Note as part of a business in Switzerland and Swiss resident corporate taxpayers and 
corporate taxpayers resident abroad holding a Note as part of a Swiss permanent establishment in Switzerland are 
required to recognise any payments of interest (including relating to a discount or premium, if any) on such Note, 
or any payment under the Guarantee in respect thereof, and any capital gain or loss realised on the sale or other 
disposition of such Note (including relating to a discount or premium, if any, accrued interest, a foreign exchange 
rate change or a change of market interest rates) in their income statement for the respective tax period and will 
be taxable on any net taxable earnings for such period. The same taxation treatment also applies to Swiss resident 
individuals who, for income tax purposes, are classified as "professional securities dealers" for reasons of, inter 
alia, frequent dealings, or leveraged investments, in securities. 
International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
Switzerland has concluded a multilateral agreement with the EU on the international automatic exchange of 
information (“AEOI”) in tax matters, which applies to all EU member states. In addition, Switzerland has

--- Page 133 ---
580731022 
126 
concluded the multilateral competent authority agreement on the automatic exchange of financial account 
information (“MCAA”), and based on the MCAA, a number of bilateral AEOI agreements with other 
countries. Based on such agreements and the implementing laws of Switzerland, Switzerland collects and 
exchanges data in respect of financial assets, including Notes, as the case may be, held in, and income derived 
thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in Switzerland for the benefit of individuals 
resident in a EU member state or in another treaty state. An up-to-date list of the AEOI agreements to which 
Switzerland is a party that are in effect, or signed but not yet in effect, can be found on the website of the State 
Secretariat for International Financial Matters (“SIF”). 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
The United States and Switzerland entered into an intergovernmental agreement to facilitate the implementation 
of FATCA (an “IGA”). Under the IGA, financial institutions acting out of Switzerland generally are directed to 
become participating foreign financial institutions (“FFIs”). The agreement ensures that accounts held by U.S. 
persons with Swiss financial institutions are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the consent of the 
account holder or by means of group requests within the scope of administrative assistance on the basis of the 
double taxation agreement between the United States and Switzerland. In this regard, on 17 July 2019, the US 
Senate approved the 2009 protocol (the “Protocol”) amending the double taxation agreement regarding income 
tax between Switzerland and the US (“DTA”). The amended DTA entered into force in 2019 and now provides 
for a mechanism for the exchange of information upon request in tax matters between Switzerland and the United 
States, which is in line with international standards, and allows the United States to make group requests under 
FATCA concerning non-consenting U.S. accounts and non-consenting non-participating foreign financial 
institutions for periods from 30 June 2014. Furthermore, the Swiss Federal Council approved a mandate for 
negotiations with the U.S. on 8 October 2014, with regard to a change of the current direct-notification-based 
regime to a regime where the relevant information is sent to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, which in 
turn provides the information to the U.S. tax authorities. On 13 December 2022, government officials from 
Switzerland and the U.S. discussed negotiations to take place during the first half of 2023 for a new 
intergovernmental agreement with the U.S to implement FATCA (“IGA”). It is not yet known how negotiations 
are progressing and when any new regime would come into force. 
FATCA WITHHOLDING 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The issuer may 
be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the Kingdom of Belgium 
and Switzerland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, IGAs, which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution 
in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that 
it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes characterised as debt (or which 
are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on 
or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru 
payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the issuer).

--- Page 134 ---
580731022 
127 
However, if additional notes (as described under Condition 13) that are not distinguishable from previously 
issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 135 ---
580731022 
128 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 28 April 2023 (the “Dealer 
Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger and the Permanent Dealers, the Permanent 
Dealers have agreed with the Issuer and the Guarantor a basis upon which the Permanent Dealers or any further 
Dealers subsequently appointed pursuant to the Dealer Agreement may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such 
resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in 
syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with 
the establishment of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the 
Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as amended and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
1986 and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, 
sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date, within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which 
it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by a dealer (not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act.  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes 
of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of

--- Page 136 ---
580731022 
129 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes 
of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:  
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
The Kingdom of Belgium 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to, any consumer (consument/ consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian 
Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended, in Belgium. 
Republic of Italy 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that the offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le 
Società e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that, save as set out below, it has not offered, sold or distributed, and will not offer, sell or distribute 
any Notes or any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other offer document in the Republic of Italy (“Italy”) in 
an offer to the public and that sales of any Notes in Italy shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, 
tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 137 ---
580731022 
130 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or distribute any Notes or distribute any copy 
of this Base Prospectus or any other offer document in Italy, except:  
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation; or  
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on offers to the public pursuant to Article 
1 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or, to the extent applicable, Article 100 of Legislative Decree no. 58 
of 24 February 1998 (the “Consolidated Financial Services Act”), Article 34-ter of CONSOB 
Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (“CONSOB Regulation No. 11971”) and the Italian 
laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in Italy under (a) or (b) above must be made: 
(i) 
by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in 
accordance with the Consolidated Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended (the “Italian Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 
2018, as amended and any other applicable laws and regulations;  
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may 
request information on the issue or the offer of securities in Italy and the relevant implementing 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and 2 
November 2020); and  
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, as well as with any regulations or 
requirements imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy or other Italian authority.  
In accordance with the Consolidated Financial Services Act and the Prospectus Regulation, concerning the 
circulation of financial products, where no exemption from the rules on offers of securities to the public applies 
under (a) and (b) above, the subsequent distribution of the Notes on the secondary market in Italy must be made 
in compliance with the offer to the public and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Consolidated Financial Services Act and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971. Furthermore, Article 
100-bis of the Consolidated Financial Services Act affects the transferability of the Notes in Italy to the extent 
that any placing of the Notes is made solely with qualified investors and such Notes are then systematically 
resold to non-qualified investors on the secondary market at any time in the 12 months following such placing. 
Where this occurs, if a prospectus compliant with the Prospectus Regulation has not been published, purchasers 
of Notes who are acting outside of the course of their business or profession may in certain circumstances be 
entitled to declare such purchase void and to claim damages from any authorised person at whose premises the 
Notes were purchased, unless an exemption provided for under the Prospectus Regulation or the Consolidated 
Financial Services Act applies. 
Switzerland 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, into or from Switzerland within 
the meaning of the FinSA and will not be admitted to trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading 
venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant 
to the relevant provisions of the FinSA and may not comply with the information standards required thereunder, 
and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.

--- Page 138 ---
580731022 
131 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering and marketing material relating to the offering, the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or the Notes have been or will be filed with or approved by a Swiss review body pursuant to 
article 52 of the FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority. The Notes are not subject to the approval of, or 
supervision by, any Swiss regulatory authority, e.g. FINMA, and investors in the Notes will not benefit from 
protection or supervision by such authority. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause 
the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
SFA pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with 
the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 
2018, unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets 
products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 139 ---
580731022 
132 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) 
of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do 
not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(ii) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under 
the SFO. 
Canada 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers in Ontario, Alberta and British Columbia purchasing, or deemed to 
be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any 
resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealer(s). Any 
such modification will be set out in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates 
or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.  
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers has made any representation that any action will be taken in 
any jurisdiction by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer that would permit a public offering of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering or publicity material relating to the 
Notes, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Each Dealer has agreed that it 
will comply, to the best of its knowledge and belief in all material respects, with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each jurisdiction in which it acquires, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes this Base Prospectus or any such other material, in all cases at its own expense.

--- Page 140 ---
580731022 
133 
INDEPENDENT AND STATUTORY AUDITORS 
KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren BV (registration number B00001) of Luchthaven Brussel Nationaal 1K, 1930 
Zaventem, Belgium are the statutory auditors of the Issuer. 
The financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, as well as the financial 
statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, all incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus, have been audited by KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren BV, statutory auditors, as stated in their reports 
incorporated by reference herein. 
The statutory auditors of the Guarantor and the Group are KPMG AG. KPMG AG are supervised by and 
registered with the Swiss Federal Audit Oversight Authority (FAOA #501403) (Eidgenössische 
Revisionsaufsichtsbehörde, RAB). 
The consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, 
and as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, 
have been audited by KPMG AG, statutory auditors, as stated in their reports incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 141 ---
580731022 
134 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
The Issuer and the Guarantor consider each metric set out below to constitute an “alternative performance 
measure” (an “APM”) as described in the European Securities and Markets Authority Guidelines on Alternative 
Performance Measures (the “ESMA Guidelines”) published on 5 October 2015 by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority and which came into force on 3 July 2016. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor consider that these metrics provide useful information for investors and other 
interested parties in order to better understand the underlying business, the financial position and results of 
operations of the Group. 
The financial measures presented in this section are not defined in accordance with IFRS. An APM should not 
be considered in isolation from, or as substitute for any analysis of, financial measures defined according to 
IFRS. Investors are advised to review these APMs in conjunction with the 2021 Financial Statements and the 
2022 Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
CORE Adjusted EBITDA and CORE Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
CORE Adjusted EBITDA is defined as the Group’s profit/loss for the period, adjusted for profit/loss from 
discontinued operations, net of tax, income taxes, share of profit/loss of associates/joint ventures, net financial 
result, depreciation of property, plant and equipment (“PP&E”) (including depreciation of right-of-use assets), 
amortization of intangible assets and impairment losses and reversal of impairment on PP&E and intangible 
assets, environmental remediation expenses, income and expenses resulting from acquisitions and divestitures, 
and expenses related to litigations. CORE Adjusted EBITDA Margin represents CORE Adjusted EBITDA 
divided by Sales.  
The following table presents the reconciliation of profit for the period to CORE Adjusted EBITDA with respect 
to the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021: 
CHF in millions 
2022 
2021
Sales 
6,223
5,409
 
 
Profit for the period 
1,218
2,947
Profit from discontinued operations, net of tax 
-
(2,270)
Profit from continuing operations 
1,218
677
Income taxes 
230
83
Profit before income taxes 
1,448
760
Share of loss of associates/joint ventures 
(2)
28
Net financial result 
95
63
Results from operating activities (EBIT) 
1,541
851
Depreciation of PP&E, amortization of intangibles and impairments/reversal of impairments 
598
514
Adjusted EBITDA 
2,139
1,365
Environmental remediation expenses(a) 
27
300
Income resulting from acquisition and divestitures 
(202)
-
Expenses related to litigations(b) 
31
-
CORE Adjusted EBITDA 
1,995
1,665
CORE Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
32.1% 
30.8%
 
(a) 
In 2021, environmental remediation expenses predominantly relate to Gamsenried (CH). Refer to Note 14 of the 2021 Financial 
Statements. 
(b) 
Litigation related to Lonza’s legacy site/business. 
Net Debt Measures

--- Page 142 ---
580731022 
135 
Net Debt is defined as the Group’s total debt as of the end of a period less non-current loans and advances, 
short-term investments, as well as cash and cash equivalents. Net Leverage is defined as Net Debt divided by 
CORE Adjusted EBITDA.  
The following table presents the reconciliation of total debt to Net Debt as at 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021: 
CHF in millions 
31 December
2022
31 December
2021
Total debt 
2,232
2,403
Non-current loans and advances 
(194)
(177)
Short-term investments 
(885)
(1,602)
Cash and cash equivalents 
   (1,339)
(1,582)
Net Debt 
    (186)
(958)
Net Leverage  
(0.09)x 
 
(0.58)x
 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that Net Debt and Net Leverage are meaningful alternative performance 
measures for investors and financial analysts for the assessment of the Group’s financial position.  Lonza 
believes that disclosing CORE results of the Group’s performance enhances the financial markets’ 
understanding of the Group because the CORE results allow for an assessment of both the Group’s actual results 
as defined in IFRS and the underlying performance of the business. 
CAPEX 
CAPEX is defined as total cash paid for the purchase of PP&E and intangible assets, excluding discontinued 
operations during the financial year. 
The following table presents CAPEX with respect to the years ended 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021, 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
2022
2021
2020
2019
CHF in millions 
 
 
 
 
Purchase of PP&E 
1,830 
1,258 
870 
757 
Purchase of intangible assets 
42 
40 
79 
29 
CAPEX 
1,872 
1,298 
949 
786 
 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that CAPEX is a meaningful alternative performance measure for 
investors and financial analysts for the assessment of the Group’s financial position because it enables better 
comparison across years.

--- Page 143 ---
580731022 
136 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF as a base prospectus. Application has been made 
to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official 
List and to be admitted to trading on the Market. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such 
other or further stock exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer 
and the Guarantor in connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of any Notes to the 
Official List or to trading on the Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
(2) 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations 
in the Kingdom of Belgium and Switzerland in connection with the establishment of the Programme and 
the Guarantee. The establishment of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the board of 
directors of the Issuer and passed on 24 March 2023 and the giving of the Guarantee by the Guarantor 
was authorised by resolutions of the board of directors of the Guarantor and passed on 13 April 2023. 
(3) 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor or of the Group since 31 
December 2022, being the date of the last published audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Group. 
(4) 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021, being 
the date of the last published audited financial statements of the Issuer. 
(5) 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group 
since 31 December 2022, being the end of the last financial period for which financial information has 
been published with respect to the Group. 
(6) 
Neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer or Guarantor are aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which 
may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or the Group. 
(7) 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s or 
Guarantor’s business, which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the 
Notes being issued or the Guarantor’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders under the Guarantee. 
(8) 
The Notes will be accepted for clearance through the securities settlement system operated by the NBB, 
which has links to, amongst others, Euroclear Bank and Clearstream. The International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and the Common Code (or any other relevant identification number for 
any Alternative Clearing System) for each Series of Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
The address of the NBB is Boulevard de Berlaimont 14, 1000 Brussels, Belgium. 
(9) 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is 549300AS6XQBD4ETT379. 
(10) 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Guarantor is 549300EFW4H2TCZ71055.

--- Page 144 ---
580731022 
137 
(11) 
The website of the Issuer, and the website of the Guarantor, is https://www.lonza.com. The information 
on https://www.lonza.com does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that information has 
been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
Except where such information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the 
contents of the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s website, any website mentioned in this Base Prospectus or 
any website directly or indirectly linked to these websites have not been verified and do not form part of 
this Base Prospectus and investors should not rely on such information.  
(12) 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has 
been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer and the Guarantor are aware and are able to ascertain 
from the information published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified 
where used. 
(13) 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the applicable 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does not intend to 
provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes.  
(14) 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be 
available at https://www.lonza.com:  
(i) 
the Trust Deed (which includes the Guarantee); 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(iii) 
the articles of association of the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
(iv) 
the materials incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, as set out in “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”; 
(v) 
each Final Terms; 
(vi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
prospectus in connection with the Programme; and 
(vii) 
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert 
any part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus.] 
This Base Prospectus is and, the Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Official List and admitted 
to trading on the Market will be, published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). 
(15) 
The financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been audited in accordance 
with the International Standards on Auditing as applicable in Belgium, by KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren BV, 
statutory auditors, with their address at Luchthaven Brussel Nationaal 1K, 1930 Zaventem, Belgium, 
which are registered with the Belgian Institute of Registered Auditors under number B00001. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the financial years ended 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2021, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been audited in 
accordance with Swiss law, International Standards on Auditing and Swiss Standards of Auditing (SA-
CH), by KPMG AG, independent auditors, with their address at Badenerstrasse 172, 8004 Zurich, 
Switzerland, which are registered with the Swiss Federal Audit Oversight Authority (FAOA) under 
register number 501403.

--- Page 145 ---
580731022 
138 
(16) 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and/or their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their 
affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related 
derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on 
behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or their affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to 
manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary 
course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and/or their affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates routinely hedge their credit 
exposures to the Issuer or the Guarantor consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also 
make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 146 ---
580731022 
139 
THE ISSUER 
Lonza Finance International NV  
Rijksweg 11  
B-2880 Bornem  
Belgium 
THE GUARANTOR 
Lonza Group AG 
Münchensteinerstrasse 38  
4002 Basel  
Switzerland 
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
AUDITORS OF THE GUARANTOR 
KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren BV 
Luchthaven Brussel Nationaal 1K 
1930 Zaventem 
Belgium 
KPMG AG 
Badenerstrasse 172 
8004 Zurich 
Switzerland 
ARRANGER 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Credit Suisse International 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom

--- Page 147 ---
580731022 
140 
TRUSTEE 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
8th Floor 
100 Bishopsgate  
London EC2N 4AG 
United Kingdom 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank Europe Plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor 
as to Belgian law 
as to Swiss law 
as to English law 
Allen & Overy (Belgium) LLP 
Avenue de Tervueren 268A 
B-1150 Brussels 
Belgium 
Advestra AG 
Uraniastrasse 9 
8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
Slaughter and May 
One Bunhill Row 
London EC1Y 8YY 
United Kingdom  
To the Arranger and the Dealers 
as to Swiss law 
as to English law 
Homburger AG 
Hardstrasse 201 
8005 Zurich 
Switzerland 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
To the Trustee as to English law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street  
London EC2Y 8HQ  
United Kingdom 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA 
69, Route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg