--- Page 1 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
1 
 
 
OFFERING CIRCULAR 
 
LOOMIS AB (PUBL) 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Sweden)  
€1,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €1,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Loomis AB (publ) (the Issuer) may from time to time 
issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively Bearer Notes and Registered Notes).  The maximum aggregate nominal 
amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  References in this Offering Circular to the relevant Dealer shall, in the 
case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Offering Circular has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).  The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Offering Circular as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market) 
of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this 
Offering Circular to be admitted to its official list (the Official List) and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. References in 
this Offering Circular to the Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
This Offering Circular (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and/or offered to the 
public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Offering Circular in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Offering Circular is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under 
Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Offering Circular to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation and the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA). The 
Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Offering Circular in connection with Exempt 
Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other 
information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will (other than in the 
case of Exempt Notes, as defined above) be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be delivered to the Central 
Bank of Ireland and, where listed, Euronext Dublin.  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of the Central Bank of 
Ireland. In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the 
issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement document 
(the Pricing Supplement).

--- Page 2 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
2 
 
 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or 
markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted 
to trading on any market. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or any U.S. 
State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in 
accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction.  See “Form of the Notes” for a 
description of the manner in which Notes will be issued.   
The Issuer has been rated BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P).  
S&P is established in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
CRA Regulation). As such, S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. S&P is 
not established in the United Kingdom (the UK) and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation). Accordingly the Issuer 
rating issued by S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited (S&P UK) in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and 
have not been withdrawn. S&P UK is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by the rating agency referred to above.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be the same 
as the rating assigned to the Programme by S&P.  A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to the euro interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) or the Stockholm 
interbank offered rate (STIBOR) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Offering Circular, the European Money 
Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) and the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (as administrator of STIBOR) are 
included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). 
Arranger 
BofA Securities 
Dealers 
 
BofA Securities 
Danske Bank 
 
 
NatWest Markets 
Nordea 
The date of this Offering Circular is 23 August 2024.

--- Page 3 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
3 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Offering Circular comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  When used in 
this Offering Circular, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and UK Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Circular and the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the 
Issuer the information contained in this Offering Circular is in accordance with the facts and does not 
omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Offering Circular is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).  This Offering Circular 
shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this 
Offering Circular. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Offering 
Circular refers does not form part of this Offering Circular and has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability 
is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Offering Circular or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme.  No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Offering Circular or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Offering 
Circular or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer and the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (the Group).  Neither 
this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the 
issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to 
any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer or the Group is correct 
at any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the 
same.  The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
or the Group during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the 
Programme of any information coming to their attention.

--- Page 4 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
4 
 
This Offering Circular may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based 
on current plans, estimates and projections, and therefore investors should not place undue reliance on 
them. Words such as “expect”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “intend”, “estimate, “should” and other similar 
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of 
identifying such statements. 
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the Issuer undertakes no 
obligation to update any forward-looking statement in light of new information or future events. 
Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to 
predict and generally beyond the Issuer’s control. 
Although it is believed that the plans, objectives, expectations, estimates and intentions expressed in 
such forward-looking statements are reasonable, investors should bear in mind that a number of 
important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the plans, objectives, expectations, 
estimates and intentions expressed in such forward-looking statements, including assumptions relating 
to general economic conditions in Sweden, Europe and worldwide. Factors that could cause the Issuer’s 
actual operations, results or performance to differ from the forward-looking statements include, but are 
not limited to, those described in the section “Risk Factors”. 
Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes - In connection with the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes 
(as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) under the Programme, the Issuer has prepared and 
published a sustainability-linked finance framework (the Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework) and 
has appointed Sustainalytics to issue a second party opinion (the Second Party Opinion) in relation to the 
Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework. In addition, in connection with the issue of Sustainability-Linked 
Notes under the Programme, the Issuer will engage one or more Assurance Providers to carry out the relevant 
assessments required for the purposes of providing an Assurance Report (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) in relation to the Sustainability-Linked Notes. The Sustainability-Linked Finance 
Framework and the Second Party Opinion are accessible through the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.loomis.com/en/investors/reports-presentations-and-prospectuses, and any Assurance Reports 
will also be accessible through the Issuer’s website. However any information on, or accessible through, such 
website and the information in such Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework, Second Party Opinion or any 
past or future Assurance Reports does not form part of this Offering Circular and should not be relied upon in 
connection with making any investment decision with respect to any Sustainability-Linked Notes to be issued 
under the Programme. In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the 
Dealers or any other member of their respective groups, second party opinion providers or any Assurance 
Provider as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of 
any third party in connection with the offering of any Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme. Any 
such opinion, report or certification and any other document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to 
be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Offering Circular. In addition, none of the Arranger, the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility for any environmental or sustainability 
assessment of any Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes or makes any representation or warranty or 
gives any assurance as to whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding 
such "green", "sustainable" or similar labels. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and

--- Page 5 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
5 
 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID 
Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled “UK MIFIR product governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.  
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the SFA) – Unless otherwise 
stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or the Pricing Supplement, in the case of any Exempt Notes), 
all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded

--- Page 6 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
6 
 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
This Offering Circular has been prepared on the basis that (i) any Notes (other than Exempt Notes) will have 
a minimum denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) unless, with respect to the European 
Economic Area, such Notes are only be admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market (as defined in MiFID 
II), or a specific segment of an EEA regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in which case they shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified 
investors) and (ii) Exempt Notes will only be offered to the public in an EEA Member State pursuant to an 
exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The 
distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Offering Circular may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular no action has been taken by the 
Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Offering 
Circular in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered 
or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Offering Circular nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Offering Circular 
or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution 
of this Offering Circular and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including 
Belgium and the Kingdom of Sweden), the UK, Japan and Singapore, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Offering Circular relating to the Issuer has been 
derived from (i) the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022 and (ii) the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the 
Issuer for the 6 months ended 30 June 2024 (together, the Financial Statements). 
The Issuer's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Offering Circular to any specific year 
are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year.  The Financial Statements have been prepared 
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board and as adopted by the European Union and the Swedish Annual Accounts Act. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Offering Circular will have 
the meaning attributed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this Offering 
Circular. In addition, the following terms as used in this Offering Circular have the meanings defined below:  
In this Offering Circular, all references to: 
• 
U.S. dollars and USD refer to United States dollars;

--- Page 7 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
7 
 
• 
SEK refer to Swedish Kronor; and 
• 
euro, EUR and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.  
References to a billion are to a thousand million. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Offering Circular have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
In this Offering Circular, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is 
a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which

--- Page 8 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
8 
 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
9 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ............................................................................................................................ 10 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 16 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 35 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 37 
Applicable Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 41 
Applicable Pricing Supplement ........................................................................................................................ 55 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes  ................................................................................................................. 70 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 110 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................. 111 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 123 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 125 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 130

--- Page 10 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
10 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Offering Circular and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement).  The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than 
that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of Notes other than Exempt 
Notes, and if appropriate, a new Offering Circular or a supplement to the Offering Circular, will be 
published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
 
Issuer: 
Loomis AB (publ) 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
213800NS2XXVRYS7WP40 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of a 
particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme.  All of 
these are set out under “Risk Factors”. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Dealers: 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the date 
of this Offering Circular: 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in

--- Page 11 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
11 
 
section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class 
of professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Registrar and Transfer Agent 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time.  The Issuer may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, notes 
may be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, yen and any 
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, a partly-paid basis and at an issue price which is at par or 
at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form as 
described in “Form of the Notes”.  Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the 
basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement).  
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 12 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
12 
 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, if a Benchmark Event occurs, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which, an Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) and any 
Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with and as further 
described in Condition 5.2(h). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes issued by the Issuer 
may be subject to a Step Up Option if the applicable Final Terms 
or applicable Pricing Supplement indicates that the Step Up 
Option is applicable. The Initial Rate of Interest or Initial Margin 
for Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes will be as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or applicable Pricing Supplement, 
provided that, for any Interest Period commencing on or after the 
Interest Payment Date immediately following a Step Up Event, if 
any, the Initial Rate of Interest or Initial Margin shall be increased 
by the Step Up Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
applicable Pricing Supplement. The increase in the Initial Rate of 
Interest or Initial Margin will be triggered by the occurrence of a 
Step Up Event, linked to the failure of the Issuer to achieve certain 
sustainability performance targets in relation to its greenhouse gas 
emissions, as further detailed in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes and the applicable Final Terms or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, or the failure of the Issuer to report on such key 
performance indicator in the required time periods. For the 
avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur 
no more than once in respect of the relevant Sustainability-Linked 
Step Up Note. 
Sustainability-Linked 
Redemption 
Premium Notes: 
If the applicable Final Terms or applicable Pricing Supplement 
indicates that the Premium Payment Option is applicable to any 
Series of Notes, the Issuer may be required to pay in respect of 
each such Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium Note a 
Premium Payment Amount on the Premium Payment Date, each 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or applicable Pricing 
Supplement. The requirement to make payment of the relevant 
Premium Payment Amount on the relevant Premium Payment 
Date will be triggered by the occurrence of a Premium Trigger 
Event, linked to the failure of the Issuer to achieve certain 
sustainability performance targets in relation to its greenhouse gas 
emissions, as further detailed in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes and the applicable Final Terms or applicable Pricing

--- Page 13 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
13 
 
Supplement, or the failure of the Issuer to report on such key 
performance indicator in the required time periods. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which are Index Linked 
Notes, Dual Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes or Notes 
redeemable in one or more instalments.   
 
Index Linked Notes: Payments of principal in respect of Index 
Linked Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of Index 
Linked Interest Notes will be calculated by reference to such 
index and/or formula or to changes in the prices of securities or 
commodities or to such other factors as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer may agree. 
 
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of principal 
or interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual 
Currency Notes will be made in such currencies, and based on 
such rates of exchange, as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may 
agree. 
 
Partly Paid Notes: The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which 
the issue price is paid in separate instalments in such amounts and 
on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Notes redeemable in instalments: The Issuer may issue Notes 
which may be redeemed in separate instalments in such amounts 
and on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be 
issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, in which event the relevant provisions will be 
included in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the 
relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
(other than in the case of Exempt Notes in specified instalments, 
if applicable, or for taxation reasons or following an Event of 
Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and 
on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.   
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year” 
above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank

--- Page 14 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
14 
 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency, see “Certain Restrictions - Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year” above, and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note (other than an Exempt 
Note) will be €100,000 unless it is to be admitted to trading only 
on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, 
to which only qualified investors have access. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any 
Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 8.  In the event that any 
such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 8, be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 4. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 10. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from 
time to time outstanding. 
Rating: 
The Issuer has been rated BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (S&P). Series of Notes issued under the Programme may 
be rated or unrated.  Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating 
will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms (or applicable 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be listed on Euronext Dublin 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series.  Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may 
also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes) will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets.

--- Page 15 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
15 
 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including Belgium and the 
Kingdom of Sweden), the UK, Japan and Singapore and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes).

--- Page 16 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
16 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due.  It is not possible to identify all 
such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all 
relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a 
result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control.  The Issuer has identified in this Offering 
Circular a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments 
due.   
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Offering Circular and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the Group’s operations and industry 
Adverse macroeconomic factors and geopolitical conditions 
A significant part of Loomis AB (publ)’s (the Issuer) business is conducted outside Sweden. The Issuer and 
its Subsidiaries (the Group or Loomis) have approximately 25,000 employees operating in more than 25 
countries and, in addition, Loomis uses a worldwide network of agents and partners to provide its services to 
a range of client categories, from central banks, large commercial banks and ATM operators to large chains 
and smaller individual stores in the retail segment. Loomis’ business is therefore dependent on global economic 
and financial market conditions, as well as the unique conditions of specific countries and regions. Changes in 
the general economic conditions and market trends can have various effects on demand for solutions for 
payments and distribution and handling of valuables and cash, including changes in the level of consumption, 
the proportion of cash purchases relative to credit or debit card purchases, the risk of robbery and bad debt 
losses, and staff turnover rates. Weak macro-economic conditions globally or in parts of the world may 
therefore result in market growth that is below expectations, which would have a material adverse effect on 
Loomis’ business and revenues. In addition, Loomis’ business is highly dependent on diesel and other fuels, 
and therefore significant fuel price increases must be reflected in Loomis’ prices.  
Loomis’ business and results of operations are dependent on clients, both in the public and private sector, 
having sufficient resources to purchase services from Loomis. Clients may in the future reduce their purchases 
of Loomis’ services due to, among other things, difficulties in obtaining credit, financial insecurity, budget 
deficits and/or concerns about the stability of the market in general, all of which may reduce or delay the 
purchase of Loomis’ services, and the need for cash management will be lower if the amount of cash circulating 
in society decreases. There is a particular risk during periods of recession that Loomis’ clients may reduce 
their budgets for cash management services, which would have a material adverse effect on Loomis’ business 
and revenues. 
One factor that has recently led to significant volatility and uncertainty in the global financial markets and the 
global economy is Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Although Loomis has no operations in Ukraine or Russia and 
the war has no direct impact on Loomis’ business volumes, the effects of the invasion include rising and more 
volatile energy prices, which have also had inflationary effects. At present, it is uncertain how the war will 
affect the global economy in the long term and therefore how it will affect Loomis’ business. Further, the 
outbreak of the military conflict between Israel and Palestine following an attack in early October 2023 may 
contribute to further instability in the global economy. The impact of both conflicts on, for example, the

--- Page 17 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
17 
 
volatility in the financial markets will depend on the duration and intensity of each conflict, and the degree of 
effect it has on neighbouring countries or other parts of the region. Continued or intensified military action 
and geopolitical tensions, as well as sanctions, could have an adverse effect on Loomis’ business, financial 
position and results of operations to the extent these have an impact on the macro-economic context in which 
Loomis operates. Long term effects on the financial market caused by these conflicts may also have a material 
adverse effect on the Group. 
Any disruption or downturn in the global financial markets and economy would typically affect the Group, 
both in respect of financial performance and growth possibilities. As a result, the Group may also be affected 
by, for example, climate risks, natural disasters, public health epidemics or outbreaks of diseases that may 
negatively affect the global or domestic economy, such as the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak. Any future 
pandemic may cause repercussions on people, societies, businesses and financial markets across the world and 
may, for example, lead to subdued demand within the retail and restaurant industries which in turn result in a 
reduced demand for the Group’s services.  
As described above, the Group may be affected in different ways by changes in general business, economic 
and market conditions. Although it is uncertain to what degree such developments as described above may 
affect the Group, they present a highly significant risk to the Group’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
Loomis’ ability to swiftly and efficiently respond to market developments  
The market for Loomis’ services is characterised by technological and software developments, digitalisation, 
changes in industry standards, changes in regulatory frameworks and rapid changes of the requirements of 
clients. For example, the industry is constantly surrounded by changing patterns of purchasing and payment 
behaviour, such as the increased use of card, e-commerce and alternative payment methods, which may lead 
to a reduction in the number of cash transactions and therefore the need for Loomis’ services, as well as 
resulting in changes to the laws and regulations in the markets in which the Group operates. In order to compete 
in the current market, the Group must be able to adapt its business to these market trends and it may require 
the repositioning of its offering, including to adapt to new laws and regulations. The introduction of products 
and services utilising digitalisation and new technology in the market and the emergence of new industry 
standards and practices may make the Group’s existing services difficult to sell. There is a risk that the Group 
will lose clients and market share if its products and services fail to meet the clients’ expectations in terms of 
cost, quality, reliability and function. In order to compete effectively, Loomis must continue to invest in 
digitalisation, technology, software and compliance and implement these into its products and services. 
Furthermore, Loomis must regularly adapt and update its products, services, software and business models to 
incorporate prevailing technological and digital conditions and trends. For example, there is a risk that the 
Group does not adapt quickly enough to the disruption of existing business models and markets brought on by 
the commercial introduction of artificial intelligence. If the Group does not respond quickly and effectively to 
changes in technology and fails to improve its current services and develop and introduce new services that 
are in line with technological advances and industry standards, there is a risk that Loomis may not be able to 
compete effectively and may lose clients and market share, which could adversely affect Loomis’ results of 
operations. 
IT security and handling of confidential information  
Loomis’ operations depend on the secure and reliable functioning of its IT systems as the Group handles a 
large amount of data, often containing confidential information and personal data. In addition, some of Loomis’ 
entities are under supervision by financial supervisory authorities in the European Union, which places 
additional requirements on Loomis’ IT systems as well as IT-policies and procedures in order to ensure it 
continues to comply with laws and other regulations applicable to it. Failure of these systems to function 
effectively would have a negative impact on the Group's business in general, for example by preventing the 
Group’s clients from receiving payments on time. It could also result in the inability of the Group’s clients 
who rely on Loomis’ payment services to continue their operations, which could constitute a breach of contract.

--- Page 18 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
18 
 
Loomis is therefore exposed to risks associated with interruptions and disruptions to its IT systems, which may 
be caused by, among other things, computer viruses, power failures, human error, sabotage, weather and 
natural events, pandemics and problems caused by lack of care and maintenance. Interruptions to the Group’s 
operations due to IT system failures may also constitute a serious incident under local payment services 
legislation in Sweden, Denmark and Spain which transposes the Payment Services Directive, Directive (EU) 
2015/2366 (PSD2), into local law and which applies to those Group entities that are payment institutions and 
e-money institutions within those jurisdictions (e.g. the Swedish Payment Services Act (2010:751)). Also, 
other licensed entities in the Group have similar reporting requirements (see also “Risks related to activities 
subject to licensing” below). The need for a well-functioning IT structure has also recently become more 
important due to Loomis’ business model, which is based on a highly decentralised organisation operating in 
many markets with different cultures and regulatory regimes. IT attacks, interruptions and damage to IT 
systems, as well as major disruptions or breaches of regulations relating to its IT systems, could therefore have 
a negative impact on the Group’s business and results of operations. 
As the Group is responsible for sensitive and confidential information, such as client information and 
information on security practices, Loomis is particularly vulnerable to IT security incidents, such as data 
breaches and data leaks. If such incidents are not handled effectively and properly, unauthorised persons could 
obtain confidential information, which in turn could damage Loomis’ reputation and business and lead to 
Loomis being held liable or subject to regulatory or other action for breaches of confidentiality, financial 
secrecy and data protection rules. A breach of Loomis’ IT security could result in a loss of confidence in 
Loomis’ security measures and could result in litigation, civil or criminal penalties and negative publicity, 
which could adversely affect Loomis’ reputation, financial position and results of operations. 
Sales and operations on international markets 
The majority of Loomis’ Subsidiaries operate outside Sweden. In 2023, operations outside Sweden accounted 
for approximately 97 per cent. of the Group’s total sales, and an important part of Loomis’ strategy is to 
continue to expand in the international markets where the Group is present. The international operations are 
affected by, amongst others, the following: 
• 
the different and varying requirements and cultural factors of the countries in which Loomis operates 
or may operate in the future; 
• 
foreign exchange fluctuations; 
• 
trade barriers, embargoes, sanctions and licensing requirements for imports and exports; 
• 
difficulties in supporting and managing personnel in the operations abroad;  
• 
longer payment cycles; 
• 
difficulties with collecting accounts receivable and bad debt losses; and 
• 
changes in the general political and economic conditions in the countries in which Loomis operates or 
may operate in the future, particularly in emerging markets. 
The Group operates in over 25 countries and must therefore adapt its business to the abovementioned factors 
in a large number of different regions. A negative development of any of these factors in one or more countries 
in which the Group operates, or a failure of the Group to adapt its business to the requirements of a particular 
region, could lead to a reduction in the demand for Loomis’ services, cancelled or changed client agreements, 
difficulties in collecting receivables and/or a higher cost of doing business, all of which would negatively 
affect Loomis’ business, the results of operations and the financial position of the Group.

--- Page 19 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
19 
 
Further, in some of these markets in which the Group operates, such as South America and Asia, the risk of 
political, economic and/or military instability is considered higher than other regions. The consequences of 
any such political, economic or military instability are difficult to foresee and predict, however such instability 
is something that could further adversely affect Loomis’ results of operations and financial position. 
Ability to attract and retain qualified staff 
Loomis’ business requires personnel for both operational and management positions. Due to the nature of 
Loomis’ business, the Group’s employees carry a great deal of responsibility on a daily basis. The Group’s 
offered services require qualified and trained staff because the handling of cash and other valuables carries 
significant risks, including theft, robbery and money laundering. Loomis’ success is therefore dependent on 
the Group’s ability to recruit, train and retain qualified staff to its services offering technical support, 
supporting functions and business development. Failure to attract and retain qualified staff could adversely 
affect Loomis’ business by impairing its ability to develop better solutions and identify new business 
opportunities. As a result, difficulties in finding suitable replacements for departing employees or in recruiting 
new employees could have a material adverse effect on Loomis’ business, financial position and results of 
operations. 
In addition, the Group may need to increase its remuneration levels in order to attract and retain suitable 
employees, which could adversely affect the Group’s operating results. Finding qualified staff and providing 
them with the necessary training is time-consuming and costly. In 2023, the Group’s total personnel costs 
amounted to SEK 14,681 million. Based on conditions as at 31 December 2023, a one per cent. increase in 
Loomis’ personnel costs would negatively impact the Group’s earnings by approximately SEK 146.81 million 
on an annual basis. Conversely, lower remuneration levels could result in employees choosing to leave the 
Group, which could lead to a shortage of resources and expertise and thus adversely affect the Group’s current 
and future operations. The extent to which the Group’s inability to attract, retain and develop talented 
employees may affect Loomis is uncertain, but represents a significant risk to the Group’s growth, productivity, 
profitability and long-term value creation. 
Dependence on other companies within the Group 
As the Issuer is a holding company which does not carry out any operational activities of its own, but whose 
activities include group management and certain group-wide functions (such as financing, foreign exchange 
management, financial control and work on various acquisition, start-up and policy issues), the Issuer is 
dependent on the receipt of sufficient income from the operations of the other entities within the Group. The 
ability of the Group’s operating companies to make payments to the Issuer is subject to, among other things, 
the availability of cash, restrictions on dividends, the terms of each company's indebtedness and national 
legislation. The Issuer’s Subsidiaries may have other liabilities, including contingent liabilities, and the 
Subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and will have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay 
any amounts due pursuant to any of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes or other obligations or to make 
any funds available. Accordingly, there is a risk that the Subsidiaries will not generate sufficient cash flow to 
pay dividends or distributions to the Issuer to enable it to fulfil its obligation under the Notes issued under the 
Programme and the Noteholders' right to receive payments under such Notes will be structurally subordinated 
to debt or other liabilities of the Subsidiaries. The Issuer’s expenditure on operating expenses, interest, 
amortisation, share buy backs and dividends to shareholders is mainly funded by dividends and Group 
contributions from subsidiaries. In 2023, the Issuer’s sales amounted to SEK 1,062 million, compared to the 
Group’s total sales of SEK 28,707 million.  
As the Group’s organisation is decentralised and based on entities that are legally separate from each other and 
from the Issuer, the Issuer has less ability to influence decisions made in the entities than it would have had if 
governance had been more centralised. As a result, the Issuer is highly dependent on the financial results of 
the other entities’ within the Group and if the Issuer does not receive sufficient income from the other entities 
within the Group, there is a significant risk that the Issuer will be unable to meet its obligations under the 
Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
20 
 
Company acquisitions  
Part of Loomis’ strategy is to grow through acquisitions. In recent years, five acquisitions have been made in 
accordance with Loomis’ strategic plan. For example, the Group made two acquisitions in 2021 for a total 
purchase price of SEK 265 million. In 2023, the Group made three acquisitions for a total purchase price of 
SEK 2,400 million. There is a risk that the Group will not be able to carry out any or all of its desired 
acquisitions or investments in the future, due to, for example, competition from other buyers or circumstances 
beyond the Group’s control. If the Group fails to acquire companies in line with its strategic goals, there is a 
risk that the Group’s growth and expansion may be adversely affected. 
When acquiring other companies, there is a risk that the due diligence performed by Loomis does not include 
all the information that is required to make an optimal decision from a financial as well as a legal or regulatory 
perspective. There is also a risk that the acquisition agreement is not correctly designed for managing 
unforeseen risks or the risks discovered during the due diligence review. 
Furthermore, growth through acquisition is a risk as there may be difficulties in integrating new businesses 
and employees. Loomis may incur significant acquisition, administrative, restructuring or other costs in 
connection with acquisitions. This risk may be particularly relevant in connection with acquisitions outside of 
Europe and the U.S., where cultural differences may result in additional integration difficulties and increased 
regulatory compliance risks. If Loomis is unable to successfully integrate acquired businesses, or if these 
businesses, once integrated, do not perform as expected from an operational, commercial, regulatory or 
financial perspective, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations 
and financial position. 
There is also a risk that the Group may not be able to realise the expected benefits and synergies from any 
acquisition and that the profitability of the acquired company or business is lower than expected. Future 
acquisitions may also result in the incurrence of liabilities and contingent liabilities and amortisation costs 
related to intangible assets. If such risks were to materialise, this could result in a significant adverse effect on 
Loomis’ results of operations and financial position. 
Criminal actions and other threats 
Loomis’ operations are exposed to external threats in the form of criminal attacks of various kinds, including 
robbery, attempted robbery, theft, vandalism, fraud, money laundering and violent crime. The Group provides 
cash handling services, such as the transportation of cash and precious metals and the storage of cash and 
valuables, which inevitably means that the Group’s business is particularly exposed to criminal attacks. In 
addition, in connection with this handling, there is a risk that Loomis may be exposed to fraud or other illegal 
acts by its employees or relevant business partners. Criminal actions may also pose a risk for the Group’s 
employees. 
Loomis is responsible for the assets it handles for clients in the course of providing its services. If the value of 
assets lost or otherwise damaged as a result of criminal attacks increases, the Group’s insurance costs may also 
increase, which could impact on Loomis’ cost of doing business as well as having a negative impact on market 
confidence in Loomis. Similarly, individual criminal attacks, to the extent not covered by adequate insurance, 
could result in Loomis becoming liable to the client, which could have an adverse effect on the Group. 
Furthermore, although the Group works proactively to prevent itself from being utilised for money laundering 
purposes (or other financial crimes), there is a risk that Group fails to protect its business against money 
laundering and terrorism financing. Loomis has established policies and training programmes to prevent it 
from being used as a tool for financial crime, but, however well-equipped the Group is, there can be no 
assurance that the Group will always be able to avoid being subject to such usage. If such risk were to 
materialise, it could have severe and adverse consequences for the Group and its employees and may also 
significantly reduce the market’s confidence in the Group and thereby seriously damage the Group’s reputation 
(see also “Risks related to activities subject to licensing” below).

--- Page 21 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
21 
 
Loomis’ cash handling operations include the counting and packaging of notes and coins at Loomis’ counting 
centres. Deficiencies or the absence of reconciliation procedures in the settlement process could result in 
shortfalls in the handling of clients’ cash, which could give rise to claims for damages against Loomis, which 
in turn may adversely affect Loomis’ business, financial position and results of operations. 
Price risk in relation to increased costs 
Loomis operates in an open market where prices for various products and services are constantly fluctuating. 
There is a risk of reduced margins if the Group is unable to manage cost increases in a desirable manner and 
Loomis’ costs increase faster than revenues, which could occur if, for example, salary increases are not 
adequately reflected in client contracts. As personnel costs for the Group’s approximately 25,000 employees 
accounted for over 57 per cent. of its operating costs in 2023, this risk could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s margins (see also “Ability to attract and retain qualified staff” above). 
Competition 
The cash management industry is highly competitive. Loomis’ competitors consist of both global and local 
companies of varying sizes. Loomis competes with a number of strong companies with significant resources 
that may gain market share at Loomis’ expense, and in several of the markets in which Loomis operates, the 
Group competes with smaller and medium-sized local companies that in some cases have a better 
understanding of local conditions and are better known in the region. The Group’s competitiveness depends, 
among other things, on the price of its services. In some markets, the Group’s competitors may be willing to 
accept lower margins, which may enable them to undercut Loomis on price. As a result, Loomis may need to 
invest, restructure and/or reduce prices in order to adapt to the new competitive situation, which may result in 
a lower margin for Loomis and thus adversely affect the Group’s business and profitability. 
Furthermore, Loomis’ future competitiveness depends on its ability to respond to changes in the payment 
landscape and ability to utilise digitalisation and AI to develop innovative solutions for its customers.  Such 
development can be costly and the introduction of new technology into the business always carries a risk of 
implementation failure. If Loomis is unable to compete due to price pressure, rapid technological development 
or if competitors find better and more efficient ways to provide cash management services, this could have a 
material adverse effect on Loomis’ competitiveness, market position, growth and profitability. 
Implementation of the Group’s market strategy  
An important part of Loomis’ market strategy is to focus on growth, recurring revenue and operating margin, 
while simultaneously striving to take responsibility for the impact of its operations on society, people and the 
environment. Sustainability is an integrated part of decision-making in the business. The demand for more 
advanced and integrated end-to-end solutions in the cash management industry continues to grow, driving the 
need for innovation and new technology. The growth of the Automated Solutions in recent years is an example 
of that. Another one is the roll-out and development of services offered through Loomis Pay in the Nordics, 
as well as in Spain.  
In order to successfully implement its strategy, Loomis may need to hire more staff. The risks associated with 
this are discussed above under “Ability to attract and retain qualified staff”. There is also a risk that Loomis’ 
investments may not be successful or that Loomis may not be able to follow its established market strategy for 
various reasons, including factors beyond its control, which would result in Loomis being unable to increase 
its profitability or achieve its strategic objectives. Should this risk materialise, it could have an adverse effect 
on the Group’s results. 
Unsatisfactory performance of assignments and services 
When Loomis performs its assignments and services, there is a risk that agreed contractual terms or market 
and industry requirements are not met, which could have a negative effect on client relations, growth and the

--- Page 22 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
22 
 
Group’s reputation. If, for example, a cash handling service fails to meet established requirements, the result 
may be a loss of property or damage to property or person, which in turn could lead to compensation claims 
levied against the Group. However, should contractual terms not be met by the Group, there is a risk that the 
client retention rate would decline, which could have a negative effect on the Group’s business and results of 
operations. Client confidence may also be affected by circumstances that are difficult or impossible for Loomis 
to control. For example, Loomis is dependent on external suppliers for the availability, development, 
production, quality assurance and delivery of security bags and other security solutions, the incorrect, late or 
non-delivery of which could have a negative impact on the supply chain and ultimately reduce client 
confidence. If the Group fails to meet the operational requirements of its clients, there is a risk that this could 
result in claims for damages and also affect the Group’s reputation, growth and ability to retain contracts, 
which could have an adverse impact on the Group’s business and results of operations. 
Burdensome contractual obligations and potential client and third party liabilities 
Loomis operates through an international network of more than 400 operating branches in more than 25 
countries. Through its extensive operations, the Group reaches a large number of clients in many different 
jurisdictions and different segments in the form of banks, retailers and other players. This, combined with the 
highly competitive nature of the industry (see “Competition” above), means that there is a risk that client 
agreements may contain unreasonable or unduly onerous contractual obligations that Loomis is unable to meet. 
Examples of such terms include unreasonable liability commitments, unrealistic delivery requirements, 
unfavourable pricing mechanisms and disproportionate compensation requirements. If client contracts contain 
such unreasonable contractual obligations, there is a risk that margins and profitability will be adversely 
affected, thereby adversely affecting the Group’s business and results. In addition, a failure by Loomis’ to 
perform under these contracts could result in significant liability claims by clients or third parties. If such 
liability is not covered by adequate insurance, this could have an adverse effect on the Group’s reputation, 
business and financial position. 
Legal risks 
Legislation and other regulatory framework 
Loomis operates worldwide and is subject to both Swedish and foreign laws, regulations and recommendations 
that directly and indirectly affect the Group and its operations. Certain parts of Loomis’ operations are subject 
to licensing, and Loomis must actively work to comply with the relevant rules (see “Risks related to activities 
subject to licensing” below). Changes in legislation and government regulations may affect, among other 
things, the certification of personnel, employment, cooperation with local contractors, licensing issues and the 
type of companies that may perform certain types of work. Insurance companies and industry organisations 
may also impose conditions, and their regulations may become a local standard and influence the development 
of the cash handling industry in a particular local market, which may contribute to the length of time it takes 
to establish local operations and involve new application processes and possible obstacles and restrictions to 
Loomis’ operations. The changes to local Payment Services Acts within the EU as a result of PSD2 are an 
example of risks associated with regulatory changes. Among other things, PSD2 has meant that Loomis is 
partly subject to new security and incident reporting requirements, which may result in increased costs for 
Loomis as a result of compliance work or as a result of Loomis’ failure to comply with these requirements, 
which may ultimately result in Loomis having to pay a fine. 
Such changes in criteria by authorities or other parties may result in increased costs for the Group during an 
adjustment period, which could adversely affect Loomis’ operations and results. There is also a risk of non-
compliance, which could result in reduced quality of service delivery, loss of revenue, delays, penalties, fines 
and reputational damage. Failure to comply with these various requirements could have an adverse effect on 
Loomis’ business. 
There is also a risk that the Group’s tax position could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws or 
assessments by tax authorities in countries in which it operates. The Group has operations in more than 25

--- Page 23 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
23 
 
countries worldwide, which are conducted in accordance with the Group’s interpretation and understanding of 
the applicable tax laws. There is a risk that Loomis’ interpretation and understanding of these rules may not 
be correct in all respects. This, together with changes in tax and accounting regulations - which may be applied 
retroactively - could result in increased tax expenses and a higher tax rate for the Group, which could have an 
adverse effect on its results of operations and financial position.  
Loomis’ shares are listed on the Nasdaq Stockholm regulated market, which means that the Issuer is also 
subject to special rules regarding, among other things, financial reporting, which places additional 
requirements on the Issuer to ensure effective internal controls and procedures. Failure by Loomis to maintain 
adequate internal controls and procedures relating to financial reporting could result in regulatory 
investigations and sanctions, which could adversely affect the Group’s business and investor confidence. 
Risks related to activities subject to licensing 
Certain parts of Loomis’ business, such as payment services in Sweden and Denmark, e-money services in 
Spain, non-life reinsurance in Ireland and foreign exchange in France, are subject to licensing or other 
regulation by the regulatory authorities in such countries. The Group entities carrying out these businesses are 
dependent on their licences to operate and are subject to extensive regulations that are constantly evolving, 
subject to interpretation and in many respects complex. There is a risk that the Group may not be deemed to 
be in compliance with the regulatory framework applicable to its licences, for example as a result of inadequate 
or deficient processes, policies and internal controls, or as a result of mistakes made by employees, suppliers 
or counterparties, which could adversely affect the Group’s business and investor confidence. 
Furthermore, certain Group entities are required to take measures to counteract money laundering and terrorist 
financing as part of their activities as payment institutions or pursuant to other licenses or registration 
requirements. These Group entities are at constant risk of being exposed to attempts to be used for such 
purposes. In recent years, non-compliance with money laundering regulations has been the focus of both the 
media and regulatory authorities in Sweden and other countries. There is therefore a significant risk that 
Loomis’ compliance with anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing regulations may be subject to 
scrutiny by local financial supervisory authorities in countries where the Group or Group entities are subject 
to such supervision. Failure to comply with applicable anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing 
regulations would likely result in the relevant financial supervisory authorities taking action, such as 
reprimands, warnings and/or significant administrative fines. For example, on 19 June 2024, the Swedish 
Financial Supervisory Authority informed Loomis that one of its Swedish subsidiaries has received a remark 
with an administrative fine of SEK 40 million, relating to an investigation focused on the Subsidiary’s 
compliance with anti-money laundering regulations. Such actions by financial supervisory authorities risk 
causing significant reputational damage to Loomis and could ultimately have a material adverse effect on its 
business (if demand for Loomis’ products and services decreases), financial position (if the value of its assets 
decreases) and results of operations (if Loomis’ revenues decrease and/or its costs increase). In addition, the 
operations of these Group entities are dependent on the relevant financial supervisory authorities’ authorisation 
or registration to provide its services, which may ultimately be revoked in the event of serious breaches of, for 
example, applicable anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing regulations. Against this 
background, the extent to which non-compliance with anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing 
regulations (and allegations thereof, whether proven or not) or changes to these regulations could affect Loomis 
is uncertain, but represents a material risk to Loomis’ reputation, business, financial position and results of 
operations. 
Certain Group entities under the supervision by certain financial supervisory authorities are also subject to 
capital adequacy rules designed to strengthen their resilience to financial losses and thereby protect their 
respective clients against losses. Such institutions must at all times maintain a capital base that does not fall 
below a certain amount, calculated in accordance with prescribed methods under the applicable legislation 
(e.g. the Swedish Payment Services Act (2010:751)). The institutions are then obliged to submit data to the 
relevant financial supervisory authority on an ongoing basis in order to calculate their capital requirements. 
The conditions under which Loomis operates are constantly changing and the capital requirements for relevant

--- Page 24 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
24 
 
institutions may develop and change. Against this background, Loomis may need to raise additional capital in 
order to comply with the capital adequacy requirements applicable to these Group entities. There is a risk that 
such capital may not be available to Loomis on attractive terms, or at all. If Loomis seriously or systematically 
deviates from the aforementioned capital adequacy rules, it is likely that the relevant financial supervisory 
authority will consider that the relevant financial service business does not meet the statutory requirements for 
the financial soundness of the institution in question. In such a case, the relevant financial supervisory authority 
may impose sanctions on these Group entities. The extent to which Loomis would be affected by non-
compliance with and/or changes in applicable capital adequacy and liquidity requirements is uncertain, but it 
represents a material risk to Loomis’ operations, solvency and financial position. 
Sustainability – ESG: Environmental, social and governance 
Loomis operates in more than 25 countries around the world and is exposed to a variety of sustainability risks, 
including, among other things, risks related to working conditions, occupational health and safety, ethical 
business standards, environment and risks associated with failing to meet the sustainability requirements of 
clients and investors. As a result, the Group has established various targets and policies, such as a zero vision 
for occupational injuries, reduced carbon emissions and energy consumption, and zero tolerance for unethical 
behaviour. Loomis has a long-term ambition to reduce its dependence on fossil fuels and fossil energy sources, 
and to reduce the Group’s carbon footprint and environmental impact. The focus of Loomis’ environmental 
work is placed on emission reductions within the Group’s own transports, emission reductions in relation to 
energy consumption, and an increased cooperation with suppliers to reduce emissions throughout the value 
chain. If Loomis fails to comply with environmental requirements in the countries in which it operates, this 
could result in damage to Loomis’ brand, loss of clients and difficulties in attracting and retaining staff. 
Since the Group has approximately 25,000 employees, it is required to comply with several employment-
related laws and regulations with various levels of employee protection, for example laws and regulations 
relating to health and safety. The Group’s employees may face exposure to physical risk associated with 
handling cash, valuables and payments, as well as external risks, such as the risk of robbery. To manage risks 
associated with daily work, employees must adhere to strict and robust safety routines that are designed to 
minimise injuries as a result of violence, in traffic or in their work environment in general. If the Group’s 
health and safety procedures (including relevant training, instructions and equipment) are inadequate, or not 
adhered to, there is a risk of employees being injured or falling ill. Furthermore, if Loomis fails to comply with 
employee health and safety requirements in the jurisdictions in which it operates, this could result in damage 
to Loomis’ brand, loss of clients and difficulties in attracting and retaining staff. 
In addition to the safety routines that the employees must follow, Loomis also has a Code of Conduct, an Anti-
Bribery Policy and an Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing Policy in place to prevent 
corruption, bribery and other financial crime. In 2023, 270 cases of suspected unethical behaviour were 
reported by employees through an anonymous whistleblower hotline. All incoming cases were followed up 
and investigated, but none were considered serious enough to be brought to the attention of the CEO or the 
Board. If Loomis fails to comply with its anti-bribery or anti-money laundering policies, the Group risks losing 
relevant licences, or receiving fines or other sanctions from local authorities, resulting in loss of business, 
negative financial impact and damage to its brand.  
The degree to which sustainability risks may affect Loomis is uncertain and there is a risk that Loomis may be 
subject to, among other things, penalties, fines, loss of operating licenses, loss of investors, increased costs of 
financing, lost revenues, reputational harm and difficulties in recruiting staff. Any of these consequences could 
in turn have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business and results of operations. 
Disputes and labour disputes  
As Loomis operates globally, the Group may be involved in disputes or other legal proceedings in a number 
of different jurisdictions. Such disputes may be based on claims from clients that Loomis’ services are 
inadequate and fail to deliver the level of quality, security and reliability that the client expects. There is also

--- Page 25 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
25 
 
a risk that the Group faces disputes with third parties, both after the provision of a service and for other reasons. 
For example, Loomis’ Danish subsidiary has received a claim for DKK 228 million from a competitor for 
alleged misuse of a dominant position, which Loomis has contested. In August 2021, the Danish court issued 
an appealable decision against Loomis in respect of practices applied and agreements entered into between 
2014 and 2016. Loomis appealed against this decision and the Danish Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal 
in March 2024. Loomis has applied for leave of appeal with the Supreme Court.  The Court has in its decision 
not considered the question of damages, which will be addressed in a separate process once the ongoing leave 
of appeal process is concluded, subject to the outcome of such process. On 20 October 2021, Loomis was also 
informed that the Chilean Competition Authority had filed a lawsuit against Loomis’ Chilean subsidiary and 
two of Loomis’ competitors on the Chilean market for illegal cartelisation. The authority has demanded that 
Loomis be fined USD 6.4 million. Proceedings were initiated in 2022 and Loomis will respond to all the 
Chilean Competition Authority’s claims. The process is currently in an evidentiary stage before the Chilean 
Competition Law Court. Furthermore, the Group has approximately 25,000 employees and, as a result, Loomis 
is from time to time involved in various labour-related disputes with current or former employees. There is a 
risk that the outcome of one or more of the disputes to which the Group is a party may be unfavourable to 
Loomis, which would have a negative impact on the Group in terms of liability for damages and/or reputational 
damage, which in turn could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations or financial 
position. 
Financial risks 
Financing and liquidity risk 
Loomis’ liquidity risk is managed by maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves (cash and bank balances, short-
term investments and the unutilised portion of credit facilities), equivalent to a minimum of 5 per cent. of the 
Group’s annual sales. As of 31 December 2023, the short-term liquidity reserve corresponded to 24 per cent. 
of the Group’s annual revenue. However, unforeseen cost increases and/or unforeseen income reductions may 
occur, as well as unforeseen large client payment defaults, which could have significant consequences for the 
Group’s liquidity and therefore its operations and results. 
The Group’s long-term financing risk is managed by ensuring a consistent maturity profile of its debt. Loomis’ 
goal is for no more than 25 per cent. of the Group’s total external borrowing and credit obligations to mature 
within the coming 12-month period, and as of 31 December 2023 this amount was approximately 3 per cent.  
Furthermore, Loomis is dependent on its ability to refinance existing financing and to obtain additional 
financing, for example for acquisitions. If deteriorating conditions in the financial markets make it more 
difficult or more expensive to refinance outstanding loans or to obtain new financing, there is a risk that Loomis 
will not be able to implement its strategy because it will not have access to financing at a given time, which 
could have an adverse effect on the Group’s growth and profitability. 
Credit and counterparty risk 
A large part of Loomis’ sales is based on contracts with well-known, medium-sized or large clients, where the 
relationship is an established and long-term one. Disruptions to these relationships may negatively impact the 
stability of the payment flows that Loomis is dependent on. Various deficiencies in assessing the 
creditworthiness of new clients may result in delayed or non-payment for services provided by Loomis. Such 
disruptions and deficiencies, or the failure of a counterparty to meet its payment obligations to Loomis, could 
have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position and results of operations. 
Interest rate risk 
There is a risk that Loomis’ net income is affected as a result of changes in the general interest rate level. The 
Group has obtained loan financing with variable interest rates mainly in EUR and SEK. Other external 
financing needs may occasionally arise, for example in connection with acquisitions. A permanent increase in 
interest rates on borrowings of 1 per cent. would have an annual net effect on Loomis’ financial expense of

--- Page 26 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
26 
 
SEK -74 million as of 31 December 2023. There is a risk that changes in market interest rates will have a 
negative effect on the Group’s assessments, financial position and results. In addition, changes in inflation 
rates may cause interest rates to change and consequently change the Group’s interest liabilities, which may 
have a negative effect on the Group’s financial position and results. 
Currency risk 
As a result of Loomis having operations in different countries, with different currencies, the Group is exposed 
to currency risks. In addition, the Group is exposed to transaction risk, being the risk that the Group’s net 
income will be affected by changes in the value of commercial flows in foreign currencies due to fluctuating 
exchange rates. Loomis is also exposed to translation risk, being the risk that the SEK value of foreign assets 
and liabilities will fluctuate due to changes in foreign exchange rates. The Group is exposed to translation risk 
arising from the translation of the balance sheets and income statements of foreign subsidiaries. 
As a significant part of Loomis’ operations are outside Sweden, the Group’s balance sheet and income 
statement are exposed to currency fluctuations when translated into SEK. Loomis’ capital employed as of 31 
December 2023 to SEK 22,531 million. If SEK had either weakened or strengthened by 5 per cent. against the 
U.S. dollars (with all other variables being the same), Loomis’ shareholders’ equity would have been affected 
in the amount of SEK 265 million in 2023. The corresponding figures for pounds sterling would have been 
SEK 10 million, for EUR, SEK 158 million and for Swiss francs, SEK 2 million. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and those which might occur 
in relation to certain types of Exempt Notes: 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return.  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate

--- Page 27 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
27 
 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market 
value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including the euro interbank offered rate 
(EURIBOR) and the Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR)) are the subject of national and international 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are 
still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have 
a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark.   
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision 
of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the 
FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR.  The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. On 4 December 2023, the group 
issued its final statement, announcing completion of its mandate.

--- Page 28 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
28 
 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any 
of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that an Original 
Reference Rate (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) and/or any page on which an Original 
Reference Rate may be published (or any other successor service) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event 
otherwise occurs. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest or other amounts 
payable under the Notes could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) determined by an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described more fully 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. If a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (as the case may be) is 
so determined, an Adjustment Spread (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) shall also be 
determined by the relevant Independent Adviser in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
and amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may be made by the relevant Independent Adviser 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to follow market practice in relation to the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or to ensure the proper operation of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. An Adjustment Spread could be 
positive, negative or zero. Investors should note that the relevant Independent Adviser will have discretion to 
determine the applicable Adjustment Spread in the circumstances described in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes, and in any event an Adjustment Spread may not be effective in reducing or eliminating any 
economic prejudice or benefit to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) will 
still result in any Notes referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply 
in its current form. No consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders shall be required in connection with 
effecting any relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments 
and/or amendments described above. 
Any such adjustment or amendment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no 
assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder or Couponholder, any such adjustment 
will be favourable to each Noteholder or Couponholder. 
In certain circumstances (including where, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Independent 
Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to make the necessary determination of a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread), the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation 
of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding 
Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes 
based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. Due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the involvement of an Independent Adviser and the 
potential for further regulatory developments, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any 
of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions 
of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark.

--- Page 29 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
29 
 
Enforceability of judgments 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the UK is not bound by any agreement, treaty or other instrument on 
mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments applicable in relation to the Notes with the EU or Sweden. 
As a result, a final judgment in civil or commercial matters relating to the Notes obtained in the courts of 
England against the Issuer will, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable in Sweden. However, if a 
Noteholder brings a new action in a competent court in Sweden, the final judgement rendered in an English 
court may be submitted to the Swedish court, but will only be regarded as evidence of the outcome of the 
dispute to which it relates, and the Swedish court has full discretion to rehear the dispute ab initio. Any retrial 
on a judgment’s merits could therefore significantly delay or prevent the enforcement by Noteholders of the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with 
sustainability characteristics. 
Although (i) in the case of Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement indicates that the Step Up Option is applicable, the interest rate 
relating to Sustainability-Linked Notes is subject to upward adjustment in certain circumstances, and (ii) in 
the case of Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable 
Pricing Supplement indicates that the Premium Payment Option is applicable, the Issuer may be required to 
pay a Premium Payment Amount in respect of Sustainability-Linked Notes in certain circumstances, all as 
specified in the Terms and Conditions of such Notes, such Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an 
investor’s requirements or any future legal or quasi legal standards for investment in assets with sustainability 
characteristics and no representation is made by the Issuer or the relevant Dealers as to the suitability of the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes to fulfil environmental or sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. 
The Sustainability-Linked Notes will not be marketed as green bonds since the Issuer expects to use the 
relevant net proceeds for general corporate purposes and therefore the Issuer does not intend to allocate the net 
proceeds specifically to projects or business activities meeting environmental or sustainability criteria, or be 
subject to any other limitations associated with green bonds. 
In addition, the interest rate adjustment or, as the case may be, the requirement to make payment of the 
Premium Payment Amount in respect of any Sustainability-Linked Notes depends on definitions of GHG 
Scope 1 Emissions and GHG Scope 2 Emissions (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
that may be inconsistent with investor requirements or expectations or other definitions relevant to greenhouse 
gas emissions.  
Although the Issuer targets decreasing its direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions, there can be no 
assurance of the extent to which it will be successful in doing so or that any future investments it makes in 
furtherance of these targets will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards 
regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its 
own by laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct 
or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact. Adverse environmental or social impacts may occur 
during the design, construction and operation of any investments the Issuer makes in furtherance of this target 
or such investments may become controversial or criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders. Lastly, 
no Event of Default shall occur under the Sustainability-Linked Notes, nor will the Issuer be required to 
repurchase or redeem such Sustainability-Linked Notes, if it fails to satisfy any requirements of the SPT 
Condition. 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer or any relevant Dealer as to the suitability or reliability 
for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion (including the Second Party Opinion), report, certification or 
validation of any third party in connection with the offering of the Sustainability-Linked Notes or the 
sustainability performance targets set to fulfil any green, social, sustainability, sustainability linked and/or 
other criteria.

--- Page 30 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
30 
 
The Second Party Opinion provider and providers of similar opinions, certifications and validations are not 
currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion, certification or 
validation is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, any member of the Group, the 
Dealers, any Second Party Opinion providers, the Assurance Provider or any other person to buy, sell or hold 
Sustainability-Linked Notes. Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the 
provider of any such opinion, certification or validation for the contents of any such opinion, certification or 
validation, which is only current as at the date it was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion, certification or validation and/or the information contained 
therein and/or the provider of such opinion, certification or validation for the purpose of any investment in the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes. Any withdrawal of any such opinion, certification or validation or any such 
opinion, certification or validation attesting that the Group is not complying in whole or in part with any 
matters for which such opinion, certification or validation is opining on or certifying on may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.  Any such opinion, 
report, certification or validation is not, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated in, and/or to form part of, 
this Offering Circular. 
A failure of the Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes to meet investor expectations or requirements for 
investment in assets with sustainability characteristics, the failure to provide, or the withdrawal of, a third party 
opinion, certification or validation, or the Notes ceasing to be listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated 
stock exchange or securities market, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and/or may 
have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in assets with sustainability 
characteristics (which consequences may include the need to sell the Notes as a result of the Notes not falling 
within the investor's investment criteria or mandate). 
The Sustainability-Linked Notes include certain triggers linked to sustainability key performance indicators. 
The Sustainability-Linked Notes include a trigger linked to greenhouse gas emissions (see “Sustainability-
Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability 
characteristics”) which must be complied with by the Issuer. The failure to meet such sustainability 
performance targets for the SPT Reference Year will result in increased interest amounts under such 
Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or a requirement to make payment of a Premium Payment Amount in respect 
of such Sustainability-Linked Notes, which would increase the Group’s total cost of funding and may result in 
a significant negative impact on the reputation of the Group, either of which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations. 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, a Step Up Event and/or a Premium Trigger Event may occur if, 
amongst other things, the Group’s greenhouse gas emissions (GHG Scope 1 Emissions and GHG Scope 2 
Emissions, each as more fully described in Condition 5.3) in respect of the SPT Reference Year specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, applicable Pricing Supplement, do not reduce by 
the SPT Threshold specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, by comparison to the 2019 Baseline. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes permit the 
Issuer to further recalculate the 2019 Baseline  to reflect (i) any changes to the Group’s organisational structure; 
(ii) any change in the methodology set out in the GHG Protocol Standard for the calculation of GHG Scope 1 
Emissions and/or GHG Scope 2 Emissions; and (iii) any significant changes in data due to better data 
accessibility or quality. Accordingly, while the Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework requires that any 
such recalculation must be reported in the annual Sustainability-Linked Financing Report, any recalculation 
may increase or decrease the volume of greenhouse gas emissions comprising the relevant baseline, and 
therefore respectively increase the total volume of greenhouse gas emissions that may be produced by the 
Group while still being able to satisfy the SPT Condition and avoid the occurrence of a Step Up Event and/or 
a Premium Trigger Event, as applicable, or decrease the total volume of reduction in greenhouses gases that 
needs to be achieved by the Group in order to satisfy such conditions and avoid the occurrence of a Step Up 
Event and/or a Premium Trigger Event, as applicable. Capitalised terms in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
31 
 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes  
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Notes, such as Index Linked 
Notes and Dual Currency Notes.  In particular, an investor might receive less interest than expected or no 
interest in respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal amount invested by it. 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in respect of the Notes being determined by 
reference to an index or formula, to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in 
currency exchange rates or other factors (each, a Relevant Factor).  In addition, the Issuer may issue Notes 
with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which 
the Notes are denominated.  Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
the effect of any multiplier or leverage factor that is applied to the Relevant Factor is that the impact 
of any changes in the Relevant Factor on the amounts of principal or interest payable will be 
magnified; and 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, 
the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the 
future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes.  Accordingly, each potential investor 
should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any Notes linked 
to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment of the 
issue price could lose all of their investment. 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment.  Any failure by an 
investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of their Notes could result in such 
investor losing all of their investment. 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or other 
leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities. 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments.  If they are structured to include multipliers or 
other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, 
their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate Notes. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate 
such as EURIBOR or STIBOR.  The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market

--- Page 32 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
32 
 
values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise 
comparable terms).  Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate 
not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, 
which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
investors. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or 
by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests 
generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents.  These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and 
including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice. 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Offering Circular.  No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Offering Circular and any such change could materially adversely 
impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may 
be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed or issued) and 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination 
such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Holders of Notes held through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg must rely on procedures of those 
clearing systems to effect transfers of Notes, receive payments in respect of Notes and vote at meetings of 
Noteholders   
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that may be 
deposited with a common depositary or Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(each as defined under “Form of the Notes”). Except in the circumstances described in each Global Note, 
investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of Euroclear and Clearstream,

--- Page 33 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
33 
 
Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial 
interests in each Global Note held through it. While the Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will 
be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing systems and their respective 
participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under the 
Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global 
Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive payments under 
the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect 
of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so 
represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market.  This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency 
or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, are being issued to a single 
investor or a limited number of investors or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market 
and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.  
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding.  In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.  
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
34 
 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer, or the Notes.  The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  Such general restriction will also apply in the 
case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings 
are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  The 
list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the 
relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being 
taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to 
the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Offering Circular.

--- Page 35 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
35 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated in, and form part of, 
this Offering Circular:  
(a) 
the auditors' report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2023 of the Issuer (which can be found at: 
https://vp274.alertir.com/afw/files/press/loomis/202404035560-1.pdf) including the information set 
out at the following pages in particular: 
Consolidated statement of income 
Page 81 
Consolidated balance sheet 
Page 82 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
Page 83 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
Page 84 
Parent company statement of income 
Page 85 
Parent company balance sheet 
Page 86 
Parent company statement of cash flows 
Page 87 
Parent company statement of changes in equity 
Page 87 
Notes to the financial statements 
Pages 89 to 120 
Auditor’s report 
Pages 122 to 124 
Alternative performance measures and Definitions 
Pages 126 to 129 
(b) 
the auditors' report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022 of the Issuer (which can be found at: 
https://vp274.alertir.com/afw/files/press/loomis/202304023363-1.pdf) including the information set 
out at the following pages in particular: 
Consolidated statement of income 
Page 85 
Consolidated balance sheet 
Page 86 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
Page 87 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
Page 88 
Parent company statement of income 
Page 89 
Parent company balance sheet 
Page 90 
Parent company statement of cash flows 
Page 91 
Parent company statement of changes in equity 
Page 91 
Notes to the financial statements 
Pages 93 to 124

--- Page 36 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
36 
 
Auditor’s report 
Pages 126 to 128 
Alternative performance measures and Definitions 
Pages 130 to 133 
(c) 
the interim consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2024 of the Issuer 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
https://airtools-loomis.prod-mid-euw3.investis.com/sites/airtools-
loomis/files/pr/202407238579-1.pdf) including the information set out at the following pages in 
particular: 
Consolidated income statement 
Page 9 
Consolidated balance sheet 
Page 10 
Change in consolidated shareholders’ equity 
Page 11 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
Page 11 
Consolidated statement of cash flows excluding the IFRS 16 
impact, additional information 
Page 12 
Parent company summary statement of income 
Page 20 
Parent company summary balance sheet 
Page 20 
Contingent liabilities, parent company 
Page 20 
Notes 
Pages 13 to 18 
Key Ratios 
Page 19 
Alternative performance measures and Definitions 
Pages 21 to 23 
Following the publication of this Offering Circular a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to 
the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Offering Circular or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Offering Circular. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular shall not form part of this Offering Circular. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise 
covered elsewhere in this Offering Circular. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Offering Circular which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Offering Circular or publish a new Offering Circular for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
37 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to 
“applicable Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered 
form, without interest coupons attached.  Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) and Registered Notes will be issued  outside the United 
States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a Temporary Bearer Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a 
Bearer Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during 
their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common 
Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been 
received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying 
Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein for interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series against certification of 
beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given.  The holder of a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount 
due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global 
Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note is improperly withheld or refused.

--- Page 38 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
38 
 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of 
the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons 
and talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means 
that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been 
notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the 
Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes 
represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an 
interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may 
also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later 
than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes), receipts 
and interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment 
in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes, 
receipts or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
Registered Global Note). 
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes are to 
be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the NSS), a common safekeeper, as the case may be for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common Depositary of, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled 
or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of 
definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, the 
applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are to be 
so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any

--- Page 39 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
39 
 
time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The 
common safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
6.5) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes.  None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the 
Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or 
deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.5) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner 
provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and 
is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) 
or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, 
no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax 
consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in 
definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an 
Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first 
relevant notice by the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the 
extent applicable.  
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of 
such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code 
and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are 
consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.   
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10.  In such 
circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) 
has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in 
full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then from 8.00

--- Page 40 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
40 
 
p.m. (London time) on such day holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against 
the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on 
and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (such deed of covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 23 August 2024 and executed by the Issuer.  
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event, other than where such Notes are Exempt Notes, a supplement to this 
Offering Circular or a new Offering Circular will be made available which will describe the effect of the 
agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 41 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
41 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme which are not Exempt Notes and which have a denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency) or more. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2  
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
 
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be "Applicable". 
2 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable”. 
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if transaction involves one or more manufacturer(s) subject to MiFID II and following the ICMA 
1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach.

--- Page 42 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
42 
 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018/EUWA] (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]4 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the SFA) - [Insert notice if 
classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA 
or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].]5 
[Date] 
LOOMIS AB (PUBL) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 213800NS2XXVRYS7WP40 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €1,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Offering Circular dated 23 August 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Offering Circular).  This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular in order to obtain all the relevant 
information.  The Offering Circular has been published on the Central Bank of Ireland’s website.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”.  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.]  
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]  
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Loomis AB (publ) 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
 
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if transaction involves one or more manufacturer(s) subject to UK MiFIR and if following the 
"ICMA 1" approach. 
5 Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of 
the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 43 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
43 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph [   ] below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable]  
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof [up to and including [€199,000].  No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000]].”))  
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global 
form or Registered definitive form 
see Conditions):  
[         ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)  
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[         ]  
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.)

--- Page 44 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
44 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in [or nearest to] [specify 
month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[Subject as set out in Condition 5.3 and paragraph 
[17] below,] 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[         ] month [EURIBOR/STIBOR] +/- [         ] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
(see paragraph[s] [14]/[15]/[16]/[17] below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, [and subject to the Premium Payment 
Option described in Condition 7.13,] the Notes will 
be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [         ] per 
cent. of their nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 
15 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Make-Whole Call]  
 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
[(see paragraph[s] [19]/[20]/[21]/[22]/[23] below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[         ]  
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes)  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date[, subject as set out in 
Condition 5.3 and paragraph [17] below] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons)  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) (and in 
relation to Notes in global or 
[Subject to adjustment as a result of the application 
of Condition 5.3 and paragraph [17] below,] [         ] 
per Calculation Amount

--- Page 45 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
45 
 
Registered definitive form see 
Conditions): 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) (and in relation 
to Notes in global or Registered 
definitive form see Conditions): 
[Subject to adjustment as a result of the application 
of Condition 5.3 and paragraph [17] below,] [[         ] 
per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment 
Date 
falling 
[in/on] 
[         ]][Not 
Applicable]  
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[         ] (the Calculation Agent)  
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[         ] month [EURIBOR/STIBOR] 
(ii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[         ] 
 
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR and the second 
Stockholm business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if STIBOR) 
 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a

--- Page 46 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
46 
 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)  
(f) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]  
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[Subject to adjustment as a result of the application 
of Condition 5.3 and paragraph [17] below,] [+/-] 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365]  
17. 
Step Up Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Step Up Margin: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
SPT Reference Year: 
[        ]  
(c) 
SPT Threshold: 
[   ] per cent. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition [7.2]: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 47 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
47 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable, as the Notes are not 
redeemable in part] 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
20. 
Make-Whole Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Make-Whole Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin: 
[[  ] basis points/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Reference Bond: 
[CA Selected Bond/[         ]] 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[5.00 
p.m. 
[Brussels/London/[ 
]] 
time/Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Reference 
Rate 
Determination 
Date: 
[The [         ] Business Day preceding the relevant 
Make-Whole Redemption Date/Not Applicable] 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable, as the Notes are not 
redeemable in part] 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution

--- Page 48 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
48 
 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent) 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
21. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, the 
Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
22. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph) 
Change of Control Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Residual Call Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and

--- Page 49 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
49 
 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
26. 
Premium Payment Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Premium Payment Date: 
[Maturity Date] [         ] 
(b) 
Premium Payment Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
SPT Reference Year: 
[         ] 
(d) 
SPT Threshold: 
[   ] per cent. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer 
Notes: 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon an 
Exchange Event] 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 20056]  
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg.] 
 
6 Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 50 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
50 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
28. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraph 15(c) relates) 
29. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Loomis AB (publ): 
By:  .........................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 51 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
51 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin’s Main Market with effect from 
[         ].] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[         ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].   
 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation).]/[Each 
of 
[defined 
terms] 
 
is 
established in the United Kingdom and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation).] [Note: to be updated once rating 
entities confirmed] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.]  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in

--- Page 52 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
52 
 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there 
are other interests] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Offering Circular under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See 
“Use 
of 
Proceeds” 
in 
the 
Offering 
Circular/Give details]  
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Offering 
Circular – if reasons for offer different from what is 
disclosed in the Offering Circular, give details) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[         ] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[         ]  
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN 
[See/[[include code ], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ]  
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be

--- Page 53 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
53 
 
eligibility:  
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] 
[include this text for Registered Notes which are to 
be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper][include this text for Registered Notes].  
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be 
specified.)

--- Page 54 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
54 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 55 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
55 
 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
EXEMPT NOTES OF ANY DENOMINATION 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes, 
whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); (ii) or a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]7 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]8  
[MIFID II/UK MIFIR product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be 
included]] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the SFA) - [Insert notice if 
classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA 
or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].]9 
 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 FOR 
THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW 
 
7 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be "Applicable". 
8 Legend to be included on the front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should 
be specified to be “Applicable”. 
9 Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of 
the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 56 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
56 
 
[Date] 
LOOMIS AB (PUBL) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 213800NS2XXVRYS7WP40 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €1,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the FSMA or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer.]10 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein.  This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 23 August 2024 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] 
dated [date[s]]] (the Offering Circular).  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Offering Circular.  Copies of the 
Offering Circular may be obtained from [address]. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Offering Circular [dated [original date] [and the supplement dated [date]] which are 
incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”.  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs.  
Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
[must/may need to] be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]  
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Loomis AB (publ) 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph [   ] below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable]  
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] 
 
10 Include relevant legend wording here for the EEA and UK if the "Prohibition of Sales" legend and related selling restriction for that regime are not 
included/not specified to be "Applicable" (because the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, or a key information document will be prepared, 
under that regime).

--- Page 57 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
57 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global 
form or Registered definitive form 
see Conditions):   
[         ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)  
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[         ]  
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes - Interest 
Payment Date falling in [or nearest to] [specify 
month and year]] 
 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[Subject as set out in Condition 5.3 and paragraph 
[19] below,] 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [         ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[Index Linked Interest] 
 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
 
[specify other] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
 
[Partly Paid] 
 
[Instalment] 
 
[Premium Payment Option applies] 
 
[specify other]

--- Page 58 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
58 
 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Notes 
into another Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment 
Basis][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Make-Whole Call] 
 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained 
[         ] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date[, subject as set out in 
Condition 5.3 and paragraph [19] below] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) (and in 
relation to Notes in global or 
Registered definitive form see 
Conditions): 
[Subject to adjustment as a result of the application 
of Condition 5.3 and paragraph [19] below,] [         ] 
per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) (and in relation 
to Notes in global or Registered 
definitive form see Conditions): 
[Subject to adjustment as a result of the application 
of Condition 5.3 and paragraph [19] below,] [[         ] 
per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment 
Date 
falling 
[in/on] 
[         ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other] 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon] 
(g) 
Other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest for Fixed 
[None/Give details]

--- Page 59 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
59 
 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Notes: 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[specify other]] [Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to be 
determined if different from the 
Conditions: 
[Specify]  
(Where different interest provisions are specified, 
consider adjusting or disapplying the Screen Rate 
Determination provisions in Condition 5.2(b) and  
including replacement provisions describing the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount is to be determined)  
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Principal Paying 
Agent): 
[         ] (the Calculation Agent)  
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[         ] month [EURIBOR/STIBOR/specify other 
Reference Rate] (Either EURIBOR, STIBOR or 
other, although additional information is required if 
other, including fallback provisions in the Agency 
Agreement.) 
(ii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[         ] 
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR and the second 
Stockholm business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if STIBOR) 
 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a

--- Page 60 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
60 
 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(g) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]  
(h) 
Margin(s): 
[Subject to adjustment as a result of the application 
of Condition 5.3 and paragraph [19] below,] [+/-] 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
[Other] 
(l) 
Fallback 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating to the method of calculating 
interest on Floating Rate Notes 
which 
are 
Exempt 
Notes, 
if 
different from those set out in the 
Conditions: 
[         ] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[         ] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365]  
17. 
Index Linked Interest Note 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index/Formula: 
[give or annex details]

--- Page 61 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
61 
 
(b) 
Calculation Agent 
[give name] 
(c) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest (if not the 
Calculation Agent) and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[         ]  
(d) 
Provisions for determining Coupon 
where calculation by reference to 
Index and/or Formula is impossible 
or impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market disruption 
or settlement disruption events and adjustment 
provisions] 
(e) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] 
(f) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/specify other] 
(g) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[         ] 
18. 
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate 
of 
Exchange/method 
of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Agent): 
[         ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(c) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate of 
Exchange 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market disruption 
or settlement disruption events and adjustment 
provisions] 
(d) 
Person at whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[         ] 
19. 
Step Up Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Step Up Margin: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
SPT Reference Year: 
[        ]

--- Page 62 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
62 
 
(c) 
SPT Threshold: 
[   ] per cent. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Notice periods for Condition [7.2]: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
21. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount  
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable, as the Notes are not 
redeemable in part] 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
22. 
Make-Whole Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Make-Whole Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin: 
[[  ] basis points/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Reference Bond: 
[CA Selected Bond/[         ]] 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[5.00 
p.m. 
[Brussels/London/[ 
]] 
time/Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Reference 
Rate 
Determination 
Date: 
[The [         ] Business Day preceding the relevant 
Make-Whole Redemption Date/Not Applicable]

--- Page 63 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
63 
 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable, as the Notes are not 
redeemable in part] 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent) 
23. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
24. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph) 
Change of Control Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
25. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 64 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
64 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Residual Call Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
26. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
27. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default and/or the method of calculating 
the same (if required): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
28. 
Premium Payment Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Premium Payment Date: 
[Maturity Date] [         ] 
(b) 
Premium Payment Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
SPT Reference Year: 
[         ] 
(d) 
SPT Threshold: 
[   ] per cent. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
29. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form:  
[Bearer 
Notes: 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon an 
Exchange Event] 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event]

--- Page 65 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
65 
 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005]]  
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]  
30. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraphs 15(c) and 17(g) relate) 
31. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
32. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: amount 
of each payment comprising the Issue Price 
and date on which each payment is to be 
made and consequences (if any) of failure to 
pay, including any right of the Issuer to 
forfeit the Notes and interest due on late 
payment. 
[Not Applicable/give details.  N.B. A new form of 
Temporary Global Note and/or Permanent Global 
Note may be required for Partly Paid issues] 
33. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[give details] 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[give details] 
34. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement.  [[Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.

--- Page 66 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
66 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Loomis AB (publ): 
By:  .........................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 67 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
67 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
listed on [specify market – note this must not be an 
EEA regulated market or the London Stock 
Exchange's main market] with effect from [         ].] 
[Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name 
of the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].  
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the ratings 
of the Notes are different to those stated in the 
Offering Circular)  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers named 
below/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may 
in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests]  
4. 
[USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
[         ]] 
 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]

--- Page 68 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
68 
 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] 
[include this text for Registered Notes which are to 
be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [, and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper] [include this text for 
Registered Notes].  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 69 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
69 
 
(vi) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to be 
relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 70 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
70 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt 
Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent 
with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the 
purpose of such Notes.  The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement (or in either case the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each 
Global Note and definitive Note.  Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” or “Applicable 
Pricing Supplement”, as applicable, for a description of the content of Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Loomis AB (publ) (the Issuer) pursuant to 
the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note;  
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency 
Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Agency Agreement) dated 23 August 2024 and made between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as 
issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall 
include any successor principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying 
agents), Citibank, N.A., London Branch as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include any 
successor registrar) and a transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein (together with the 
Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents).  
The Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms), the 
Registrar, the Paying Agents and the other Transfer Agents together are referred to as the Agents.  
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) or, if 
this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (i) the European Economic Area 
or (ii) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be (an Exempt Note), 
the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement and may 
specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the 
Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note.  References to the applicable Final 
Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached

--- Page 71 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
71 
 
to or endorsed on this Note.  Any reference in the Conditions to applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to 
include a reference to applicable Pricing Supplement where relevant.  The expression Prospectus Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Bearer Notes 
which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (Talons) attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Exempt Notes in definitive bearer 
form which are repayable in instalments have receipts (Receipts) for the payment of the instalments of 
principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue.  Registered Notes and Global Notes do not have 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the 
holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are registered 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below.  Any 
reference herein to Receiptholders shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference herein to 
Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include 
the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or 
terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant 
(such Deed of Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of 
Covenant) dated 23 August 2024 and made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by 
the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection or collection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to 
a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents or the Issuer and provision of proof 
of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be).  
If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the applicable Final 
Terms will be published on the website of the Central Bank of Ireland. If this Note is an Exempt Note, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such 
Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such 
Notes and identity.  The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice 
of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and 
the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions include summaries 
of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 72 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
72 
 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in 
the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the 
denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Notes of 
one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination and 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a 
Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero 
Coupon Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Interest Note or a combination of any 
of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an Instalment 
Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery and 
title to the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement.  The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem 
and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered 
Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in 
the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Agents 
as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer 
of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note 
shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder 
and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 73 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
73 
 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES  
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same series only in the Specified 
Denomination(s) set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement.   
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in Condition 2.3 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in 
the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part 
(in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the applicable Final Terms).  In order to effect any such 
transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer 
of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any 
Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or 
their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other 
certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent 
must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the 
person making the request.  Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the 
Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in 
Schedule 7 to the Agency Agreement).  Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, 
within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the 
city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer 
period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), 
authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the 
transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee 
may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the 
Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred.  In the case of the transfer of 
part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect 
of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the 
risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail 
and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or 
other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration.

--- Page 74 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
74 
 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all 
other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to 
time outstanding. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer will 
not, and the Issuer will procure that none of its Subsidiaries (as defined below) will, create or have 
outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a Security Interest) 
upon, or with respect to, any of its present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including 
any uncalled capital) of the Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries to secure any Relevant Indebtedness 
(as defined below), unless the Issuer, in the case of the creation of a Security Interest, before or at the 
same time and, in any other case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(i) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are secured 
by the Security Interest equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a 
Security Interest) is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders, 
except that the foregoing provision shall not apply to any Security Interest (i) arising by operation of 
law or (ii) created by an entity which becomes a Subsidiary of the Issuer after the date of the creation 
of such Security Interest, which Security Interest was not created in connection with or in 
contemplation of such entity becoming a Subsidiary of the Issuer and does not extend to or cover any 
assets of the Issuer or any of its other Subsidiaries provided that the amount of Relevant Indebtedness 
secured by such Security Interest shall not be increased in contemplation of or after the date such entity 
becomes a Subsidiary of the Issuer. 
4.2 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
(a) 
Relevant Indebtedness means: (i) any present or future indebtedness which has an initial 
maturity of more than 12 months (whether being principal, premium, interest or other 
amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other 
securities which (with the consent of the Issuer) are for the time being or are capable of being 
quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities 
market; and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any such indebtedness; and 
(b) 
Subsidiary means a subsidiary within the meaning of the Swedish Companies Act 
(2005:551).

--- Page 75 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
75 
 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are Bearer Notes in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount 
so specified.   
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Bearer Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of 
any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes (or, in each case, if they 
are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in 
definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of 
any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.   
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is 
a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate 
Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 5.1: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1)

--- Page 76 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
76 
 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In these Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes 
become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 77 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
77 
 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(b) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on 
which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 
or any successor or replacement for that system (T2) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is 
open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified below.  
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or

--- Page 78 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
78 
 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either EURIBOR or 
STIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) 
as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, or Stockholm time in the 
case of a determination of STIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable.  If five or more of such offered quotations are available 
on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the event that the 
Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no such offered quotation appears 
or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the 
time specified in the preceding paragraph.  
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period.   
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of 
interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Notes 
represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes (or, in each case, if they are 
Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount;

--- Page 79 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
79 
 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a multiple 
of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product 
of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any 
further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30;

--- Page 80 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
80 
 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation

--- Page 81 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
81 
 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) shall instruct the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, as to such 
rate, at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate for the purposes of the 
calculation of the applicable rate of interest.  
Designated Maturity means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and 
each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to 
the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being 
listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business 
Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business in London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.2 by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of wilful default, 
bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and 
all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) 
no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in connection with the exercise or non 
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(h) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when these 
Conditions provide for any remaining Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(h)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(h)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 
5.2(h)(iv)).

--- Page 82 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
82 
 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.2(h) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of wilful default or fraud) shall 
have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Agents, any other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest, the 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it 
pursuant to this Condition 5.2(h). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the applicable 
Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 5.2(h)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or 
the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 5.2(h)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 
5.2(h)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) 
for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 5.2(h)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 5.2(h)(ii), 
the Independent Adviser shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as 
a specified quantum, or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment 
Spread (and for the avoidance of doubt an Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or 
zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or 
a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5.2(h) and the Independent Adviser 
determines (A) that amendments to these Conditions (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Day or Relevant Screen Page) 
are necessary to follow market practice or to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(h)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer will notify the Principal Paying Agent, any other party specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest, the Paying Agents and, 
in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative

--- Page 83 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
83 
 
Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined 
under this Condition 5.2(h). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination 
of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, any 
other party specified in the applicable Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders 
as of their effective date. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under the provisions of this Condition 5.2(h), 
the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions referred to in Condition 5.2(b) will 
continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable) or (in either case) applicable Adjustment Spread is determined and 
notified to the Principal Paying Agent or any other party specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest (as applicable), in each case 
pursuant to this Condition 5.2(h), prior to such Interest Determination Date, the Original 
Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest 
on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions referred to in 
Condition 5.2(b) will (if applicable) continue to apply to such determination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5.2(h)(vii) shall apply to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest 
applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5.2(h). 
(viii) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 5.2(h): 
Adjustment Spread means either (A) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or 
(B) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which is to be applied 
to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula 
or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate or (where (A) above does not apply) in the case of 
a Successor Rate, the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged 
as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or

--- Page 84 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
84 
 
(C) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that neither (A) nor (B) above applies) the 
Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate, having regard to the objective, so 
far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of reducing or eliminating any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders, Receiptholders 
and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5.2(h)(ii) above has replaced the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for 
debt securities with a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the 
Notes, or if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as 
the Independent Adviser determines in its sole discretion is most comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.2(h)(iv) above; 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(B) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (II) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred 
to in (B)(I); or 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (II) the date falling 
six months prior to the specified date referred to in (D)(I); or 
(E) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (II) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (E)(I); or 
(F) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, any other party specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest or any Paying Agent 
to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder, Receiptholder or 
Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate; or 
(G) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of its underlying market or may no longer be used; or

--- Page 85 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
85 
 
(H) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will no longer be 
representative or may no longer be used, in each case on or before a specified date 
and (II) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (H)(I); 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital 
markets appointed by the Issuer, at its own expense, under this Condition 5.2(h); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally specified Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms used to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
in respect of any Interest Period(s) (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, 
such originally specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which 
has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a 
Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, 
the term Original Reference Rate shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (I) the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference 
Rate relates, (II) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (III) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (IV) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5.3 
Step up Option for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition 5.3 applies to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms or indicates that 
the Step Up Option is applicable (Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes).  
If a Step Up Event has occurred in relation to a Series of Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes, then 
for any Interest Period commencing on or after the first Interest Payment Date immediately following 
the first Reporting End Date relating to the SPT Reference Year, the Initial Rate of Interest (in the case 
of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) applicable to such Series 
of Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes shall be increased by the Step Up Margin. 
The Issuer will cause:  
(i) 
the occurrence of a Step Up Event; and  
(ii) 
(unless a Step Up Event has previously occurred and been notified to the Principal Paying 
Agent and the Noteholders, the Couponholders and the Receiptholders as required by this 
Condition 5.3) the satisfaction of the SPT Condition in respect of the SPT Reference Year,  
as the case may be, to be notified to the Principal Paying Agent or any other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest (as applicable) and, in

--- Page 86 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
86 
 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders, the Couponholders and the Receiptholders (as the case 
may be) as soon as reasonably practicable after such occurrence or satisfaction (as applicable) and, in 
respect of (ii) only, in no event later than the relevant Reporting End Date. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify, in the case of a notification of the occurrence of a Step Up Event, the 
Step Up Margin and the Step Up Date.  
For the avoidance of doubt, a Step Up Event may only occur once during the term of a Series of 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes. The Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or Margin 
(in the case of Floating Rate Notes) will not decrease to the Initial Rate of Interest or the Initial Margin, 
as applicable, regardless of the Issuer satisfying the SPT Condition for any Reporting Year or the SPT 
Reference Year following the occurrence of a Step Up Event.  
The Principal Paying Agent shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether a Step Up Event 
has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof and it shall be entitled to rely absolutely on any 
notice given to it by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5.3 without further enquiry or liability. 
As used in these Conditions:  
2019 Baseline means, in metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (tCO2e), the sum of GHG Scope 1 
Emissions and GHG Scope 2 Emissions (each term as defined below) for the financial year ended 31 
December 2019 (in respect of GHG Scope 2 Emissions, calculated using the market-based method), 
as initially reported in the Issuer’s Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework and as recalculated and 
restated in the Issuer’s Annual and Sustainability Report 2022, and as may be further recalculated in 
good faith by the Issuer to reflect (i) any changes to the Group’s organisational structure; (ii) any 
change in the methodology set out in the GHG Protocol Standard for the calculation of GHG Scope 1 
Emissions and/or GHG Scope 2 Emissions; and (iii) any significant changes in data due to better data 
accessibility or quality.  
Assurance Provider means Deloitte AB or such other independent, qualified provider of third party 
assurance or attestation services appointed by the Issuer to review the Issuer’s statement of the KPI 
and, if applicable, the Issuer’s recalculation of the 2019 Baseline;  
Assurance Report has the meaning given to it in the definition of Reporting Requirements below; 
GHG Protocol Standard means the document titled “The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, A Corporate 
Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)” published by the World Business Council for 
Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute (as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes);  
Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
Initial Margin means, in respect of any Series of Floating Rate Notes, the Margin specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Initial Rate of Interest means, in respect of any Series of Fixed Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
KPI means, in metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (tCO2e), the sum of: 
(i) 
direct greenhouse gas emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by the Group in 
line with the GHG Protocol Standard (the GHG Scope 1 Emissions); and

--- Page 87 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
87 
 
(ii) 
indirect greenhouse gas emissions from the generation of electricity, steam and heating or 
cooling purchased by the Group and used in its operations, in line with the GHG Protocol 
Standard (the GHG Scope 2 Emissions),  
in each case as calculated in good faith by the Issuer (and, in respect of the GHG Scope 2 Emissions, 
calculated using the market-based method), in respect of a financial year, confirmed by the Assurance 
Provider and reported by the Issuer in the relevant Sustainability-Linked Financing Report; 
Reporting End Date means, in relation to any Reporting Year, the day falling 150 days after the last 
day of the relevant Reporting Year; 
Reporting Requirements means, in respect of each Reporting Year, the requirement that the Issuer 
publish on its website, and in accordance with applicable laws, by no later than the relevant Reporting 
End Date, (i) the then current 2019 Baseline and the details of any further recalculation of the 2019 
Baseline (if applicable), the KPI and the SPT Percentage for the relevant Reporting Year (the 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Report); and (ii) an assurance report issued by the Assurance 
Provider which will be a limited assurance report in accordance with the International Standard for 
Assurance Engagements 3000 (the Assurance Report, which may form part of the Sustainability-
Linked Financing Report) in respect of the KPI provided in the Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Report. 
Reporting Year means, for any Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes, each financial year of the 
Group, commencing with the financial year in which the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such 
Sustainability-Linked Notes falls, up to and including the SPT Reference Year; 
SPT Condition means the condition that:  
(i) 
in relation to each Reporting Year, the Sustainability-Linked Financing Report and the 
Assurance Report relating to such Reporting Year have been published by the Issuer in 
accordance with the applicable Reporting Requirements by no later than the relevant 
Reporting End Date; and 
(ii) 
in relation to the SPT Reference Year, the SPT Percentage, as shown in the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Report referred to in paragraph (a) above, was equal to or 
greater than the SPT Threshold, 
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (i) and/or (ii) are not met, the Issuer shall be deemed to have 
failed to satisfy the SPT Condition in respect of the relevant Reporting Year or the SPT Reference 
Year, as applicable; 
SPT Percentage means, in respect of any financial year, the percentage (rounded to the nearest whole 
number, with 0.5 rounded upwards) by which the KPI for such financial year is a reduction in 
comparison to the 2019 Baseline, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer and published by the Issuer 
in accordance with the applicable Reporting Requirements; 
SPT Reference Year means, for any Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes, the financial year of the 
Group specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the SPT Reference Year; 
SPT Threshold means the threshold (expressed as a percentage) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being the SPT Threshold; 
Step Up Date means the first day of the next Interest Period following the date on which a Step Up 
Event occurs;

--- Page 88 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
88 
 
a Step Up Event occurs if: 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to satisfy the SPT Condition in respect of any Reporting Year or the SPT 
Reference Year, as applicable; and  
(ii) 
no Step Up Event has previously occurred in respect of the Sustainability-Linked Step Up 
Notes;  
Step Up Margin means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Step Up 
Margin;  
Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework means the version of the Group’s sustainability-linked 
finance framework published on the Issuer’s website as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes;  
Sustainability-Linked Financing Report has the meaning given to it in the definition of Reporting 
Requirements above; and 
Sustainability-Linked Notes means a Series of Notes which are Sustainability-Linked Step-up Notes 
and/or Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium Notes (as defined in Condition 7.13). 
5.4 
Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes, if the Reference Rate from time to 
time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than EURIBOR or STIBOR, the 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Exempt Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate Notes 
or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the provisions of 
Condition 5.2 shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if the 
references therein to Floating Rate Notes and to the Agent were references to Index Linked Interest 
Notes and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and provided further that the Calculation Agent will 
notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after 
calculating the same. 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest 
will accrue as aforesaid on the paid up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
5.5 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.

--- Page 89 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
89 
 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, 
in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, 
as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia 
and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) and 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes) and save as provided in Condition 6.4 should be presented for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this 
purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the 
amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) 
will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before 
the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9) or, if later, five 
years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event 
thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form or 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Note in definitive bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured 
Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no

--- Page 90 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
90 
 
payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A 
Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon 
attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided 
that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the 
aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of 
such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in bearer 
form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States.  A record of each payment made, distinguishing between 
any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the 
Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as applicable. 
6.4 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Bearer Notes, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) 
of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph.  Payment of the final instalment 
will be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Bearer Note in 
accordance with the preceding paragraph.  Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant 
instalment together with the definitive Bearer Note to which it appertains.  Receipts presented without 
the definitive Bearer Note to which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer.  
Upon the date on which any definitive Bearer Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts 
(if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. 
6.5 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in respect of 
each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified 
office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents.  Such payments will be made by transfer to the 
Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the 
Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this 
purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the 
relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day

--- Page 91 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
91 
 
(being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified 
office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date.    For these purposes, Designated 
Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non resident of 
Japan, shall be a non resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified 
as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency 
other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in 
euro. 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in 
respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by transfer on the due 
date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered 
Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this 
purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the 
relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day 
(whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the Record Date).  
Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption and the final instalment 
of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered 
Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
6.6 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and

--- Page 92 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
92 
 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.7 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  
For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is:  
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(b) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on 
which T2 is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is 
open. 
6.8 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
the Make-Whole Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; 
(f) 
the Change of Control Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; 
(g) 
the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; 
(h) 
in relation to any Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium Notes, any applicable Premium 
Payment Amount (if the Premium Trigger Event applicable to such Sustainability-Linked 
Redemption Premium Notes has occurred); 
(i) 
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and

--- Page 93 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
93 
 
(j) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8. 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 7.8, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note 
is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8) 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached 
to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such 
change or amendment.  
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 7.8 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable (subject to the satisfaction of any applicable conditions precedent, as described below) and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or (if redemption in part is specified as being

--- Page 94 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
94 
 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date.  If redemption in part is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not 
more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.   
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will (i) in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the 
Selection Date) and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, 
at their discretion).  In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial 
numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption.  No exchange of the relevant global Note will be permitted 
during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 at least 15 days prior to the Selection Date. 
Any such redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.3 may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one 
or more conditions precedent, in which case the notice of redemption shall state the applicable  
condition(s) precedent and that, in the Issuer’s discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be 
delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its 
sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur in the event that any or all such conditions shall 
not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption 
Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed. 
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-Whole Call) 
If Make-Whole Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified 
in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the Make-Whole Redemption Date) 
and any applicable record date), redeem all or (if redemption in part is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms) some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Make-Whole 
Redemption Date and at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date. If redemption in part is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any such redemption must be of a nominal 
amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Redeemed Notes will (i) in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot on a Selection Date not more 
than 30 days prior to the Make-Whole Redemption Date and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion).  In the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be 
published in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 days prior to the Make-Whole Redemption 
Date.  No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and 
including) the Selection Date to (and including) the Make-Whole Redemption Date and notice to that

--- Page 95 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
95 
 
effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 at least 15 days 
prior to the Selection Date. 
In this Condition 7.4, Make-Whole Redemption Amount means (A) the outstanding principal 
amount of the relevant Note or (B) if higher, the sum, as determined by the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent, of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to maturity 
(or, if Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and the Optional 
Redemption Amount is specified as being an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100 per cent. 
of the principal amount of the relevant Note, the remaining scheduled payments of interest to the first 
Optional Redemption Date (assuming the Notes to be redeemed on such date), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) on the Notes to be redeemed (not including any portion of such payments of 
interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the Make-Whole Redemption Date on an 
annual basis at the Reference Rate plus the Make-Whole Redemption Margin specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that: 
(a) 
in relation to Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes only, for the purposes of sub-paragraph (B) 
above, the remaining scheduled payments of interest on a Sustainability-Linked Step Up Note 
for any Interest Period commencing on or after the first Interest Payment Date immediately 
following the Reporting End Date to the Maturity Date shall be deemed to accrue on the basis 
of: 
(i) 
if the Make-Whole Redemption Date falls after the Reporting End Date and no 
applicable Step Up Event has occurred under these Conditions, at the applicable Initial 
Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the applicable Initial Margin; 
(ii) 
if the Make-Whole Redemption Date falls prior to the Reporting End Date, at (x) the 
applicable Initial Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the applicable 
Initial Margin plus (y) any applicable Step Up Margin(s), provided that, if, at the end 
of the Reporting Year preceding the date on which the notice of redemption is 
delivered, the SPT Percentage was equal to or greater than the SPT Threshold, no Step 
Up Margin will be added; and 
(iii) 
if a Step Up Event has occurred under these Conditions on or prior to the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date, (x) the applicable Initial Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating 
Rate Notes, the applicable Initial Margin plus (y) the applicable Step Up Margin(s); 
and 
 
(b) 
in relation to Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium Notes only, for the purposes of sub-
paragraph (B) above, the applicable Redemption Premium Amount(s) shall be deemed to be 
payable unless: 
(i) 
the Make-Whole Redemption Date falls after the Reporting End Date and no 
applicable Premium Trigger Event has occurred under these Conditions; or 
(ii) 
the Make-Whole Redemption Date falls prior to the Reporting End Date and, at the 
end of the Reporting Year preceding the date on which the notice of redemption is 
delivered, the SPT Percentage was equal to or greater than the SPT Threshold. 
As used in this Condition 7.4: 
CA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent as having 
a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilised, at the

--- Page 96 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
96 
 
time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of such Notes; 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent means an independent investment, merchant or commercial bank or 
financial institution selected by the Issuer for the purposes of calculating the Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount, and notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14; 
Reference Bond means (A) if CA Selected Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant CA Selected Bond or (B) if CA Selected Bond is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the security specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent advises the Issuer that, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, the relevant security specified is 
not appropriate for such purpose, the Reference Bond shall be such other central bank or government 
security as the Make-Whole Calculation Agent may, with the advice of Reference Market Makers, 
determine to be appropriate; 
Reference Bond Price means (i) the arithmetic mean of five Reference Market Maker Quotations for 
the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Market 
Maker Quotations, (ii) if the Make-Whole Calculation Agent obtains fewer than five, but more than 
one, such Reference Market Maker Quotations, the arithmetic mean of all such quotations, or (iii) if 
only one such Reference Market Maker Quotation is obtained, the amount of the Reference Market 
Maker Quotation so obtained; 
Reference Market Maker Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Market Maker and any 
Make-Whole Redemption Date, the arithmetic mean, as determined by the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of 
its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Make-Whole Calculation Agent at the Quotation Time 
specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Rate Determination Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Market Makers means five brokers or market makers of securities such as the Reference 
Bond selected by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent or such other five persons operating in the 
market for securities such as the Reference Bond as are selected by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
in consultation with the Issuer; and 
Reference Rate means, with respect to any Make-Whole Redemption Date, the rate per annum equal 
to the equivalent yield to maturity of the Reference Bond, calculated using a price for the Reference 
Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such 
Make-Whole Redemption Date. The Reference Rate will be calculated on the Reference Rate 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the 
expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form

--- Page 97 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
97 
 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount 
thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered 
is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such 
Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2.  If 
this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, 
be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this 
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying Agent 
by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to 
time. 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Change of Control Put) 
(a) 
If Change of Control Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, this Condition 7.6 shall 
apply.  
(b) 
If at any time while any Note remains outstanding: 
(i) 
a Change of Control occurs, and 
(ii) 
within the Change of Control Period (1) if the Notes or the Issuer are rated with the 
agreement of the Issuer, a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control 
occurs, or (2) if none of the Notes or the Issuer are rated, a Negative Rating Event in 
respect of that Change of Control occurs (in either case, a Put Event), 
the holder of each Note will have the option (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice 
referred to below, the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes under Condition 7.2 or 7.3) (the 
Change of Control Put Option) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, 
purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note on the Change of Control Redemption Date 
(as defined below) at the Change of Control Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued 
interest to (but excluding) the Change of Control Redemption Date. 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.6: 
acting in concert means acting together pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether 
formal or informal); 
a Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred if (whether or not approved by the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer) any person (Relevant Person) or persons acting in concert 
or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such person(s), at any time directly or 
indirectly own(s) or acquire(s) such number of the shares in the capital of the Issuer carrying 
more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights normally exercisable at general meetings of the 
Issuer, provided that a Change of Control shall be deemed not to have occurred if all or 
substantially all of the shareholders of the Relevant Person(s) are, or immediately prior to the 
event which would otherwise have constituted a Change of Control were, the shareholders of

--- Page 98 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
98 
 
the Issuer with the same (or substantially the same) pro rata interest in the share capital of the 
Relevant Person(s) as such shareholders have, or as the case may be, had in the share capital 
of the Issuer 
Change of Control Redemption Date means the date which is the seventh day after the last 
day of the Put Period; 
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the earlier of (a) the date of the 
relevant Change of Control and (b) the date of the earliest Relevant Potential Change of 
Control Announcement (if any) and ending 120 days after the public announcement of the 
Change of Control having occurred; 
Investment Grade Rating means a rating of at least BBB- (or equivalent thereof) in the case 
of S&P or the equivalent rating in the case of any other Rating Agency; 
a Negative Rating Event shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) the Issuer does not within 
the Change of Control Period seek, and thereafter use all reasonable endeavours to obtain from 
a Rating Agency, a rating in respect of either the Notes or the Issuer or (ii) if it does so seek 
and use such endeavours, it has not at the expiry of the Change of Control Period and as a 
result of such Change of Control obtained an Investment Grade Rating (neither in respect of 
the Notes nor in respect of the Issuer), provided that the Rating Agency publicly announces or 
publicly confirms in writing that its declining to assign an Investment Grade Rating was the 
result of the applicable Change of Control; 
Rating Agency means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) or any of its successors or 
any other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from time to time by the 
Issuer; 
a Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if 
within the Change of Control Period the rating previously assigned to the Issuer or the Notes 
by any Rating Agency at the invitation of the Issuer is (x) withdrawn and not subsequently 
reinstated within the Change of Control Period or (y) changed from an Investment Grade 
Rating to a non-Investment Grade Rating (for example, from BBB- to BB+ by S&P, or its 
equivalents for the time being, or worse) and not subsequently upgraded to an Investment 
Grade Rating within the Change of Control Period or (z) (if the rating assigned to the Notes 
or the Issuer by any Rating Agency at the invitation of the Issuer shall be below an Investment 
Grade Rating) lowered one full rating category (for example, from BB+ to BB by S&P or such 
similar lower or equivalent rating) and not subsequently upgraded within the Change of 
Control Period, provided that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular 
change in rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of 
Control if the Rating Agency making the change in rating to which this definition would 
otherwise apply does not publicly announce or publicly confirm that the reduction was the 
result of the applicable Change of Control; and 
Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement means any formal public 
announcement or statement by or on behalf of the Issuer or any actual or potential bidder or 
any advisor thereto relating to any potential Change of Control where, within 180 days of the 
date of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs. 
(d) 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give 
notice (a Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 specifying 
the nature of the Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for 
exercising the option contained in this Condition 7.6.

--- Page 99 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
99 
 
(e) 
To exercise the option to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of a Note under 
this Condition 7.6, the holder of that Note must, if this Note is in definitive form and held 
outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any 
time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar 
falling within the period (the Put Period) of 30 days after a Put Event Notice is given, a duly 
completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable 
from the specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a Put 
Option Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to 
be made under this Condition 7.6 and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount 
thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so 
surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the 
balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions 
of Condition 2.2.  If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put Option Notice accompanied 
by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, 
following delivery of the Put Option Notice, be held to its order or under its control, and all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto shall be dealt with as per the 
provisions of Condition 6.2.  
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may 
be, purchase of this Note under this Condition 7.6 the holder of this Note must, within the Put 
Period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice 
being given on their instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common 
depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Principal Paying Agent 
by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from 
time to time. 
Any Put Option Notice or notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 
7.6 shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the Change of Control Redemption Date, an 
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may 
elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.6 and 
instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10. 
(f) 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) each 
Note in respect of which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7.6 at their Change of Control Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together with (or, where purchased, together 
with an amount equal to) accrued interest to (but excluding) the Change of Control 
Redemption Date on the Change of Control Redemption Date. 
7.7 
Issuer Residual Call 
If Issuer Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, at any time, 
the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 25 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Series issued (other than as a result (in whole or in part) of a partial redemption of the 
Notes pursuant to Condition 7.3 and/or 7.4), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note), having given not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and

--- Page 100 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
100 
 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption) at the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount together, 
if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 above and Condition 10:  
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount; 
and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
-actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365).  
7.9 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption Amount 
in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may be specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  For the purposes of 
Condition 7.2, Index Linked Interest Notes and Dual Currency Interest Notes may be redeemed only 
on an Interest Payment Date.   
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount 
of Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
7.10 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case 
of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are

--- Page 101 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
101 
purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise.  Such Notes may be held, reissued, 
resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for 
cancellation.  
7.11 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes 
so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.10 above (together with 
all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal 
Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.12 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7 above or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable 
in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 7.8(b) 
above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which 
such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the 
earlier of: 
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and
(b)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.
7.13 
Premium Payment Option 
This Condition 7.13 applies to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicates that the 
Premium Payment Option is applicable (Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium Notes).  
If a Premium Trigger Event occurs in relation to a Series of Sustainability-Linked Redemption 
Premium Notes, then the Issuer shall pay in respect of each relevant Sustainability-Linked Redemption 
Premium Note an amount equal to the Premium Payment Amount on the Premium Payment Date.  
The Issuer will cause: 
(i)
the occurrence of a Premium Trigger Event; and
(ii)
(unless a Premium Trigger Event has previously occurred and been notified to the Principal
Paying Agent and the Noteholders, the Couponholders and the Receiptholders as required by
this Condition 7.13) the satisfaction of the SPT Condition in respect of the SPT Reference
Year,
as the case may be, to be notified to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, 
the Noteholders, the Couponholders and the Receiptholders (as the case may be) as soon as reasonably 
practicable after such occurrence or satisfaction (as applicable) and, in respect of (ii) only, in no event 
later than the relevant Reporting End Date. Such notice shall be irrevocable.  
The Premium Payment Amount shall be payable on the Premium Payment Date regardless of the 
Issuer satisfying the SPT Condition for any Reporting Year or the SPT Reference Year following the 
occurrence of a Premium Trigger Event.

--- Page 102 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
102 
 
The Principal Paying Agent shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether a Premium Trigger 
Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof and it shall be entitled to rely absolutely on 
any notice given to it by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 7.13 without further enquiry or liability.  
As used in these Conditions:  
Premium Payment Amount means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Premium Payment Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
a Premium Trigger Event occurs if: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to satisfy the SPT Condition in respect of any Reporting Year or the SPT 
Reference Year, as applicable; and 
(b) 
no Premium Trigger Event has previously occurred in respect of the Sustainability-Linked 
Redemption Premium Notes. 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes, Receipts 
or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Sweden; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon 
by reason of the holder having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere 
holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.7).  
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer of 
principal and interest on the Notes become generally subject; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on 
which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.

--- Page 103 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
103 
 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form), Receipts and Coupons will become void unless 
claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of 
principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) 
therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6.2 or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2. 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
10.1 
Events of Default  
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due in 
respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of 14 calendar days 
in either case; or  
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Conditions and 
(except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or 
notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 
days next following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to 
be remedied; or 
(c) 
if (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of the Issuer or any of its 
Principal Subsidiaries becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default 
(however described); (ii) the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries fails to make any 
payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for payment; 
(iii) any security given by the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries for any Indebtedness 
for Borrowed Money becomes enforceable; or (iv) default is made by the Issuer or any of its 
Principal Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity 
given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other person; provided 
that no event described in this Condition 10.1(c) shall constitute an Event of Default unless 
the relevant amount of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money or other relative liability due and 
unpaid, either alone or when aggregated (without duplication) with other amounts of 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money and/or other liabilities due and unpaid relative to all (if 
any) other events specified in (i) to (iv) above which have occurred and are continuing, 
amounts to at least €25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency);  
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, save for any merger, 
reconstruction or amalgamation while solvent where (i) in the case of a Principal Subsidiary, 
the undertaking, business and/or assets of the Principal Subsidiary are transferred to or 
otherwise vested in the Issuer or another of its Subsidiaries; or (ii) in the case of the Issuer, 
the Issuer is the surviving entity, or otherwise for the purposes of reorganisation on terms 
previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement); 
or  
(e) 
if the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the 
whole or substantially the whole of its business, save for the purposes of reorganisation on 
terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution, or the Issuer or any of its Principal

--- Page 104 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
104 
 
Subsidiaries stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, 
its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant 
to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; 
or  
(f) 
if (i) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries under any 
applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an 
application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment of an administrative 
or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other 
receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer 
or any of its Principal Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or a 
substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an encumbrancer takes 
possession of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a 
distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued 
out or put in force against the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any 
of them and (ii) in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged 
within 14 days; or  
(g) 
if the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries initiates or consents to proceedings relating to 
itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other 
similar laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment 
for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors 
generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for 
an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors), 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, declare any 
Note held by it to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and 
payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of 
repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
10.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any present or future indebtedness (whether being 
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (i) moneys borrowed, (ii) liabilities 
under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit or (iii) any notes, bonds, debentures, 
debenture stock, loan stock or other debt securities offered, issued or distributed whether by way of 
public offer, private placing, acquisition consideration or otherwise and whether issued for cash or in 
whole or in part for a consideration other than cash. 
Principal Subsidiary means at any time a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose operating income (earnings before interest and taxes (Operating Income (EBIT)) 
(consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or whose total assets 
(consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) represent in each case 
(or, in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then 
latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries relate, are equal to) not 
less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated Operating Income (EBIT) or, as the case may be, 
consolidated total assets, of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated 
respectively by reference to the then latest audited accounts (consolidated or, as the case may 
be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of 
the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, provided that in the case of a Subsidiary of the Issuer acquired

--- Page 105 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
105 
after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated accounts of 
the Issuer and its Subsidiaries relate, the reference to the then latest audited consolidated 
accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the purposes of the calculation above shall, until 
consolidated accounts for the financial period in which the acquisition is made have been 
prepared and audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such first-mentioned 
accounts as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such accounts by reference to its then latest 
relevant audited accounts, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the Issuer; 
(b)
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a
Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately prior to such transfer is a Principal Subsidiary,
provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a
Principal Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Principal Subsidiary
pursuant to this subparagraph (b) on the date on which the consolidated accounts of the Issuer
and its Subsidiaries for the financial period current at the date of such transfer have been
prepared and audited as aforesaid but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee
Subsidiary may be a Principal Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which such
consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions
of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable
provision of this definition; or
(c)
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking or
assets of the transferee Subsidiary, generated (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary being
acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated
accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries relate, generate Operating Income (EBIT) equal to)
not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated Operating Income (EBIT), or represent (or, in
the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets, of
the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph
(a) above, provided that the transferor Subsidiary (if a Principal Subsidiary) shall upon such
transfer forthwith cease to be a Principal Subsidiary unless immediately following such
transfer its undertaking and assets generate (or, in the case aforesaid, generate Operating
Income (EBIT)  equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated Operating Income
(EBIT), or its assets represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent.
of the consolidated total assets, of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as
calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease
to be a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (c) on the date on which the
consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the financial period current at the
date of such transfer have been prepared and audited but so that such transferor Subsidiary or
such transferee Subsidiary may be a Principal Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on
which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of
the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other
applicable provision of this definition,
all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement. 
A report by two Directors of the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary of the Issuer is or is not or 
was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Principal Subsidiary, shall, 
in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
11.
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Receipts or 
Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and

--- Page 106 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
106 
 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above.  If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with 
any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided 
that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and (in the case of Registered Notes) a 
Registrar;  
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and 
a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as may 
be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer  is incorporated.  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.6.  Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder, Receiptholder or 
Couponholder.  The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9. 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London.  The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange 
or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by which they 
have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority if required by those rules.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on 
the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the 
date of the first publication in all required newspapers.

--- Page 107 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
107 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail 
or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at 
their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by 
those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites or such mailing the delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the 
holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are 
admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by 
those rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes).  Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15.
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the 
Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  Such a meeting may be 
convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders 
holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining 
outstanding.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes, the Receipts or the 
Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of premium 
or interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or 
amending the Deed of Covenant in certain respects), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, 
or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides that 
(i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement
by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a
resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents
through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Principal Paying Agent) by or on
behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being

--- Page 108 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
108 
 
outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders.  An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether 
or not they are present at any meeting, and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all 
Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant 
or the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest 
error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
In addition, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, amend these Conditions to give effect to any Benchmark Amendments in the 
circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 5.2(h). 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders 
and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as 
soon as practicable thereafter. 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the 
same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
18.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, English law.  
18.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 18.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons, 
including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or 
termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons (a

--- Page 109 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
109 
 
Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English 
courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 18.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts 
on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders 
may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with 
jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
18.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Loomis UK Ltd at 6th floor Regus, East West Building 2, Tollhouse 
Hill, Nottingham NG1 5FS as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English 
courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Loomis UK Ltd being unable or 
unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service 
of process in England in respect of any Dispute.  The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to 
notify it of any process will not invalidate service.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process 
in any other manner permitted by law.  
18.4 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of 
the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those 
set out above.

--- Page 110 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
110 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit. If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this 
will be stated in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be.

--- Page 111 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
111 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION 
The Issuer 
The Issuer’s corporate name (and trade name) is Loomis AB (publ). The Issuer’s corporate registration number 
is 556620-8095. The Issuer was incorporated in Sweden and the Board of Directors of the Issuer has its 
registered office in Stockholm, Sweden. The Issuer was established on 29 November 2001 and registered with 
the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on 14 December 2001. The Issuer is a public 
limited liability company (Sw. publikt aktiebolag), established and registered under the Swedish Companies 
Act (2005:551). The Issuer’s LEI code is 213800NS2XXVRYS7WP40. 
Address 
Loomis AB (publ) 
Box 702 
101 33 Stockholm 
Visiting address: Drottninggatan 82, 4th floor, 111 36 Stockholm 
Tel: +46-8-522 920 00 
info@loomis.com 
Website: www.loomis.com 
 
The information on Loomis’ website, as well as other websites referred to in this Offering Circular, has not 
been reviewed or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland and does not form part of this Offering Circular 
unless the information is expressly incorporated into this Offering Circular by reference. 
 
Business concept and strategy  
Loomis offers secure and effective solutions for payments and the distribution, handling and storage of cash 
and other valuables to central banks, financial institutions, retail companies and other customers. In addition, 
Loomis is developing automated solutions to make customers’ daily routines easier, and providing payment 
services that accept all types of payment methods. Loomis is therefore a vital part of the social infrastructure. 
Loomis’ services provide customers with high-quality, cost-effective solutions and reduce the risks for the 
customers’ personnel. 
Loomis’ services are currently divided into seven business lines: cash in transit (CIT), cash management 
services (CMS), Automated Solutions, automated teller machines (ATM), international valuables logistics 
and storage (VIT/VIS), foreign exchange services (FX), and Loomis Pay. The Group’s financial reporting is 
divided into the segments Europe and Latin America, USA and Loomis Pay. Loomis has 170 years of 
experience in cash in transit and has from there gradually expanded its service offerings to what it is as of the 
date of this Offering Circular. Cash in transit and cash management services remain the largest source of 
revenue for Loomis, accounting for 37 per cent. and 18 per cent. respectively of Loomis’ total revenue in 2023. 
However, revenue from Automated Solutions and other business areas are generally growing at a faster rate. 
For example, Automated Solutions had an organic revenue growth of 28 per cent. in 2023. 
In October 2023, Loomis acquired Cima. Cima brings innovation and R&D expertise within cash automation 
and complements Loomis in terms of both product offering and technological solutions that enables Loomis 
to develop new products without being dependent on a third party. The acquisition also provides access to 
Cima’s global sales network. 
Cash in Transit (CIT) 
Secure and optimised transport of cash to and from stores, banks, and ATMs is part of Loomis’ core business. 
It is often an important part of Loomis’ other services as well, such as CMS, SafePoint and Loomis Pay. 
Cash Management Services (CMS) 
Efficient counting, authentication, quality assurance, analysis and forecasting at Loomis’ cash processing 
centres give the customers detailed information on their cash flow. As a result, Loomis’ customers can spend

--- Page 112 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
112 
less time on manual cash handling. Furthermore, Loomis’ also offers outsourcing of vaults and cash storage 
for central and commercial banks. 
Automated Solutions – SafePoint and recyclers 
SafePoint, cash recyclers, front office and other automated solutions make cash management simpler, more 
secure and more cost effective for retailers. Retailers deposit their cash in Loomis’ smart safe, which is often 
installed on the retailer’s store floor, at the cash register or in the back office and Loomis thereafter manages 
the cash through its CIT and CMS processes. The customer’s bank account is credited within 24 hours.  
Automatic teller machines (ATM) 
Loomis’ comprehensive ATM offering includes the entire value chain - from secure cash in transit and cash 
management to forecasting, monitoring, service and maintenance, as well as transaction-related services. 
Under the brand Cash 24/7, Loomis offers its own full-service ATMs, and in Finland, Loomis operates ATMs 
nationwide under the brand Automatia. 
International valuables logistics and storage (VIT/VIS) 
Loomis offers comprehensive solutions for secure transportation, management and storage of cash, precious 
metals and other valuables internationally. The offering includes the collection and coordination of cross-
border transportation including customs clearance, storage and final delivery. 
Foreign exchange services (FX) 
On selected markets, Loomis delivers cash in international currencies to currency exchange bureaus, banks 
and individual customers. Cash 24/7, Loomis’ own ATM, offers withdrawals in multiple currencies. 
Loomis Pay 
Loomis Pay is a payment service that enables processing of all types of payment methods – card, cash and 
digital alternatives – in an integrated system available in four markets. The intention is therefore that retailers 
benefit from more efficient processes and a better financial overview as they have a single, comprehensive 
payment system, with a single contract and support for all types of payments.  
Trends and driving forces 
The ongoing closing of local bank branches has led to an increase in outsourcing of cash management by 
financial institutions and a growing demand for cash management solutions among retail customers. The 
outsourcing trend is resulting in a larger market with high margins for Loomis. Meanwhile, Loomis’ customers 
also benefit from the additional services that Loomis are able to provide, which facilitate their own operations. 
Changing consumer behaviour, such as increased online shopping, are steering payment methods towards more 
digitalised forms, yet cash remains a widely used payment method in many parts of the world. Loomis 
continues to excel in optimising cash flow efficiency in areas with high cash usage. Where digital payments 
are more common, there is a strong marked trend towards outsourcing cash management to entities like 
Loomis. Leveraging these market trends, Loomis has introduced innovative products and services, drawing on 
its local experience and collective knowledge from its markets. 
In the current economic climate, customers request simple, efficient, and secure payment flows, given the 
increasing complexity of cash and payment services and the diversification of payment preferences. 
Automated solutions, such as the utilisation of SafePoint with Loomis Pay, aim to facilitate payment flows 
with a reduced number of manual steps. The integration of additional elements of the cash management cycle 
into a single system enhances the efficiency of counting, reconciliation, verification, transport, and payout 
processes.  
The expansion of digitalisation has highlighted the importance of cash in society. Cash serves as a payment 
method that enables older individuals, people with disabilities, and socially vulnerable groups to participate in 
the economy on equal terms. Furthermore, the availability of cash facilitates resilience in the event of natural 
disasters, conflicts, and other disruptions. A number of countries and regions are introducing legislation 
requiring or encouraging stores and companies to accept cash in order to ensure that all segments of society 
are included in the payment infrastructure.

--- Page 113 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
113 
Cyberattacks, natural disasters, IT crashes, wars, conflicts and other societal disruptions affect payment 
systems, highlighting the vulnerabilities associated with a unilateral dependence on digital payment solutions. 
Loomis’ services enhance society’s preparedness for unforeseen events that disrupt daily life, ensuring that 
critical functions of society can be maintained in the face of external threats. 
Sustainability issues are a high priority in society, particularly within the banking and payment industry. The 
capacity to conduct secure transactions is of central importance to the continued social and economic 
development of numerous countries. Within the European Union, initiatives are being implemented with the 
objective of ensuring that all cash is manufactured from environmentally friendly products and through 
sustainable processes. The industry has a responsibility to drive the green transition forward, and Loomis, as 
a global market player, is committed to being a  sustainable business partner. 
The development of machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI) is advancing rapidly. In the payment 
market, this financial technology is enabling new, innovative solutions. Furthermore, AI enables the 
monitoring of payment patterns and transactions, the identification of potential fraud, and the review and 
forecasting of cash flows in real-time. In order to take advantage of the ongoing technical developments, 
Loomis has developed smart self-ordering kiosks which can be placed in stores and fast food restaurants. 
Selected financial information 
The financial information below is taken from the Group’s annual report for 2023, the Group’s interim report 
for the period January-June 2024 and Loomis’ internal accounting system. This section refers to a number of 
non-IFRS performance measures used to assist both investors and management in analysing the Issuer’s and 
the Group’s operations. However, these alternative performance measures are not necessarily comparable to 
similar measures presented by other companies. Therefore, these alternative performance measures have 
limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial 
measures presented in accordance with IFRS. Descriptions, definitions and reconciliations of the key figures 
can be found on pages 126-128 and 129 of the Group’s annual report for 2023 in the sections headed 
“Alternative performance measures” and “Definitions”, respectively, and on pages 21-22 and page 23 of the 
Group’s interim report for the period 1 January 2024-30 June 2024 in the sections headed “Alternative 
performance measures” and “Definitions”, respectively, which are incorporated by reference into this Offering 
Circular (as set out under the section "Documents incorporated by reference") and should be read as part of 
this Offering Circular. 
Financial targets  
Loomis has set the following financial targets for the Group for the years 2022-2024: 
•
revenue: real growth of 5-8 per cent. annual average growth rate (currency adjusted); and
•
operating margin (EBITA) of 12-15 per cent.
Revenue and operating margin 
The table below shows the development of the Group’s revenue (in SEK billion) and operating margin 
(EBITA%) from the full year 2014 to the full year 2023 (and on a rolling 12-month basis in respect of the year 
2024).

--- Page 114 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
114 
EBITDA and capex 
The table below shows the development of the Group’s EBITDA (excluding effects of IFRS16) from the full 
year 2014 to the full year 2023 (and on a rolling 12-month basis in respect of the year 2024). 
The table below shows the development of the Group’s capital expenditures (excluding effects of IFRS16) as 
a percentage of the Group’s total revenue from the full year 2014 to the full year 2023 (and on a rolling 12-
month basis in respect of the year 2024). 
1.0
1.4
1.1
1.2
1.4
1.6
1.0
1.2
1.4
2.0
1.8
7.6%
8.6%
6.7%
6.7%
7.6%
7.8%
5.2%
5.9%
5.4%
6.8%
6.2%
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
R12
2014 
2015 
2016 
Capex as % of revenue
Covid-19 
impact
Capital Expenditure, excl. IFRS 16 impact (SEKbn)
13.5
16.1
16.8
17.2
19.2
21.0
18.8
19.7
25.3
28.7
29.7
10.1%
10.6%
11.2%
12.1%
11.5%
12.4%
9.4%
9.9%
10.8%
10.7%
10.9%
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024 R12
Covid-19 impact
2.2
2.8
3.0
3.2
3.4
3.8
3.0
3.1
4.0
4.6
4.8
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024 R12
Covid-19 impact
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
EBITDA, excl. IFRS 16 impact (SEKbn)

--- Page 115 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
115 
Cash flow, net debt and income statement by nature of expense 
The table below shows the development of the Group’s cash flow as a percentage of the Group’s operating 
margin (EBITA) from the full year 2014 to the full year 2023 (and on a rolling 12-month basis in respect of 
the year 2024).11 
The table below shows the development of the Group’s net debt and net debt to EBITDA (including/excluding 
the effects from IFRS16 as applicable) from the full year 2014 to the full year 2023 (and on a rolling 12-month 
basis in respect of the year 2024). 
11 Cash conversion is defined as cash flow from operating activities as a percentage of operating income (EBITA). 
1.2
1.3
2.0
1.8
2.0
2.1
2.2
1.6
2.3
3.1
3.6
85%
74%
107%
84%
91%
79%
125%
83%
85%
100%
110%
2014 
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023 
2024 R12
Cash conversion
Covid-19 impact
Adjusted Operating Cash Flow (SEKbn)
0.0x
0.2x
0.4x
0.6x
0.8x
1.0x
1.2x
1.4x
1.6x
1.8x
2.0x
0
1,000
2,000
3,000
4,000
5,000
6,000
7,000
8,000
9,000
10,000
11,000
12,000
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
R12
Lease liabilities and net pension obligations, SEKm
Net Debt to EBITDA, excl IFRS 16 impact
Net debt excl IFRS 16 impact, SEKm
Net Debt to EBITDA
Introduction of 
IFRS 16

--- Page 116 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
116 
The table below shows the Group’s income statement by nature of expense for the full year 2023. 
Segments and countries 
As set out above, Loomis operates globally and the Group’s financial reporting is divided into the segments 
Europe and Latin America, USA and Loomis Pay. 
The chart below shows a sales breakdown by country for the full year 2023. 
Represents countries where Loomis is present only with the 
International business (Valuables in Transit & Valuables in Storage)
52%
13%
6%
6%
4%
3%
16%
USA
France
Switzerland
Spain
UK
Sweden
Others
FY2023
Sales breakdown by country
Represents countries Loomis has operations
28.7
14.7
0.9
2.3
1.6
2.1
1.8
2.3
2.9
Revenue FY 23
Personnel
costs
Risk, claims
and insurance
Vehicle and
fuel expenses
Costs of
premises
Costs of
technical
equipment
Costs for
subcontractors
Other expenses
EBIT
EBIT 
before IAC
FY 23
Group income statement, cost by nature of expense (SEKbn)

--- Page 117 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
117 
The chart below shows the Group’s employees and revenue shares per segment. 
For the segment USA, the revenue for the period January-June 2024 amounted to SEK 7,770 million and the 
organic growth was 5.8 per cent. The operating margin (EBITA) was 15.1 per cent.  
For the segment Europe and Latin America, the revenue for the period January-June 2024 amounted to 
SEK 7,142 million and the organic growth was 7.1 per cent. The operating margin (EBITA) was 9.9 per cent. 
For the segment Loomis Pay, the revenue for the period January-June 2024 amounted to SEK 44 million and 
the organic growth was 87.3 per cent. Transaction volumes reached SEK 3,095 million. 
Debt profile and liquidity 
As of 31 December 2023, Loomis’ granted loan facilities amounted to approximately SEK 11,400 million. 
Unutilised loan facilities amounted to approximately SEK 4,900 million as of 31 December 2023, of which 
SEK 800 million is used as a back-up for outstanding commercial paper. Available cash and cash equivalents 
amounted to approximately SEK 2,500 million. The table below shows the maturity profile of the loan facilities 
granted (in SEK billion). 
The table below shows the Group’s committed financing sources as of 30 June 2024. 
59%
41%
Employees 2023, 
share per segment
48%
52%
Revenue 2023, 
share per segment
Europe and Latin America
USA
Loomis Pay
0.2%
Balanced maturity profile (SEKbn)
0.4
2.4
0.4
0.6
1.8
1.0
3.1
1.7
0.3
2024
2025
2026
2027
2030
Drawn debt
Undrawn revolving credit facility
2028
2029
Sustainability-linked bonds
Committed credit facility

--- Page 118 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
118 
At the end of January 2023, Loomis entered into a three-year agreement for a syndicated revolving credit 
facility totalling EUR 150 million. The facility replaced a revolving credit facility that matured in January 
2024, where Loomis has the option to extend the facility for an additional one plus one year. 
It was also announced on 30 March 2023 that Loomis had entered into an agreement for a syndicated term 
loan facility of EUR 90 million. The facility has a tenor of up to two years and can be used for financing 
working capital, investments and other general corporate purposes. 
Furthermore, in May 2023, Loomis issued an additional SEK 1,000 million of sustainability-linked bonds and 
repurchased SEK 174 million of bonds, which then matured in September 2023. The sustainability-linked 
bonds were issued with a tenor of four years. SEK 650 million of the sustainability-linked bonds have a floating 
interest rate of 3-month STIBOR plus 1.95 percentage points and SEK 350 million have a yearly fixed rate 
coupon at 4.923%. The sustainability-linked bonds are also subject to an adjustment of the nominal amount at 
the redemption of the sustainability-linked bonds if the sustainability targets are not met. The proceeds will be 
used for general corporate purposes and to refinance Loomis’ loans. 
Lastly, in October 2023, Loomis entered into an agreement for a syndicated term loan facility of EUR 115 
million. The facility has a tenor of up to two years and can be used for general corporate purposes of the Group, 
including acquisitions. 
LEGAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
The Group 
The Issuer is the parent company of the Group. The Issuer does not conduct any operational activities but 
consists only of group management and supporting group-wide functions (such as financing, foreign exchange 
management, financial control and work on various acquisition, start-up and policy issues). The Issuer’s 
operations are conducted through its Subsidiaries, therefore the Issuer’s business is dependent on the 
Subsidiaries’ ability to collectively generate a surplus. As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Group 
includes, in addition to the Issuer, the following Group companies that are owned directly by the Issuer. The 
Committed financing sources (SEKbn)
Revolving 
Credit facility
4.8
Sustainability linked Bond 
Loan
0.3
Sustainability 
Linked Bond under 
MTN program
2.5
Bond Loan
1.1
Term loan
2.6
Committed 
credit facility
0.3

--- Page 119 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
119 
Issuer also owns a large number of companies indirectly through the Subsidiaries mentioned below. The Group 
consists, in addition to the Issuer, of a total of 59 entities. 
Share capital and ownership structure 
According to the Issuer’s articles of association, its share capital shall be no less than SEK 200,000,000 and 
no more than SEK 800,000,000, divided into no less than 60,000,000 and no more than 240,000,000 shares. 
The Issuer’s registered share capital as of 31 December 2023 amounted to SEK 376,399,145. The shares in 
the Issuer are issued under Swedish law, fully paid and denominated in SEK. 
The table below shows the Issuer’s ten largest shareholders as of 30 June 2024. 
Shareholder 
Number of shares 
Share capital %. 
Votes %. 
Global Alpha Capital Management 
Ltd. 
3,783,048 
5.03 % 
5.03 % 
Polaris Capital Management 
3,543,012 
4.99 % 
4.99 % 
SEB Fonder 
2,831,715 
3.98 % 
3.98 % 
Vanguard 
2,539,316 
3.58 % 
3.58 % 
American 
Century 
Investment 
Management 
2,504,678 
3.53 % 
3.53 % 
Lannebo Fonder 
2,221,305 
3.13 % 
3.13 % 
Dimensional Fund Advisors 
2,194,911 
3.09 % 
3.09 % 
Handelsbanken Fonder 
1,977,315 
2.78 % 
2.78 % 
Teacher Retirement System of 
Texas 
1,965,766 
2.61 % 
2.61 % 
BlackRock 
1,605,804 
2.26 % 
2.26 % 
The ten largest shareholders 
25,166,870 
34.98 % 
34.98 % 
Other shareholders 
45,833,130 
65.02 % 
65.02 % 
Total 
71,000,000 
100.00 % 
100.00 % 
Source: Monitor by Modular Finance AB. 
Group companies 
Company 
registration 
number 
Registered 
office 
Capital (votes) owned 
by the Issuer, %. 
Loomis Czech Republic a.s. 
26110709  
Czech 
Republic 
100 
Loomis Danmark A/S 
10082366  
Denmark 
100
Loomis Güvenlik Hizmetleri AS 
539774 
Turkey 
98
Loomis Holder Spain SL 
B-83379685
Spain 
100
Loomis Holding France SASU 
498543222 
France 
100
Loomis Norge AS 
983445381 
Norway 
100
Loomis Holding UK Ltd 
2586369 
United 
Kingdom 
100
Loomis Holding US Inc 
47-0946103  
USA 
100
Loomis Reinsurance DAC 
152439 
Ireland 
100
Loomis SK a.s. 
36 394 238 
Slovakia 
100
Loomis Suomi Oy 
1773520-6  
Finland 
100
Loomis Value Solutions Oy 
1811298-3 
Finland 
100 
Loomis Sverige AB 
556191-0679 
Sweden 
100
Loomis UK Finance Company Ltd 
7834722 
United 
Kingdom 
100
Loomis Austria GmbH 
FN 104649x 
Austria 
99
Via Mat Holding AG  
CHE-103.445.244 
Switzerland 
100 
Automatia Pankkiautomaatit Oy 
0974651-1 
Finland 
100 
Loomis eStore AB 
556197-6837 
Sweden 
100 
Loomis Digital Solutions AB 
556961-5312 
Sweden 
100 
Loomis Belgium NV 
0834600965 
Belgium 
100 
Loomis Germany Holding GmbH 
HRB 97274 
Germany 
100

--- Page 120 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
120 
 
The table shows the largest identified shareholders in order by capital and number of votes. Individual larger 
shareholders may be registered as trustees and included among the other shareholders. The principal owners 
of the ten largest shareholders also hold, from time to time, direct or indirect ownership through other 
companies. 
 
At the 2024 general meeting of Loomis, it was resolved to reduce the share capital of the Issuer with SEK 
21,399,145 by way of cancellation of 4,279,829 own shares that were held by the Issuer. Simultaneously, a 
bonus issue was carried out increasing the Issuer’s share capital with the same amount, without the issuance 
of new shares. The Issuer’s restricted equity and share capital therefore remained unchanged after the 
implementation of the bonus issue. Following completion of the reduction of the share capital and the bonus 
issue, the total number of outstanding shares and votes in the company amounts to 71,000,000. 
 
The Issuer has repurchased 702,500 of its own shares through a share buy-back programme that was decided 
and communicated on 6 May 2024. As of 24 June 2024, the Issuer’s total holding of own shares thus amounts 
to 1,331,453, which corresponds to 1.88 per cent. of the outstanding shares in the Issuer. 
 
Shareholders’ agreement 
As far as the Issuer’s Board of Directors is aware, there are no shareholder agreements or similar arrangements 
between shareholders of the Issuer with the purpose of exercising joint influence over the Issuer. Nor is the 
Board of Directors aware of any agreements or similar arrangements that could lead to a change of control of 
the Issuer.

--- Page 121 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
121 
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GROUP MANAGEMENT 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
Name 
Function 
Alf Göransson 
Chair of the Board 
Jeanette Almberg 
Member of the Board 
Cecilia Daun Wennborg 
Member of the Board 
Lars Blecko 
Member of the Board 
Liv Forhaug 
Member of the Board 
Johan Lundberg 
Member of the Board 
Santiago Galaz 
Member of the Board 
Chalanja Henningsson  
Member of the Board, Employee 
representative 
 
ALF GÖRANSSON 
Born in 1957. Chair of the Board since 2009. Member of the Board since 2007. Chairman of the Remuneration 
Committee. 
Education: International Economics at the University of Gothenburg. 
Other current activities outside of the Issuer: Chair of Hexpol AB, NCC AB and Axfast AB. Board member 
of Attendo AB, Sweco AB, Melker Schörling AB, Sandberg Development Group and Anticimex AB. 
JEANETTE ALMBERG  
Born in 1965. Board member since 2020, member of the Remuneration Committee. 
Education: Master of Science in Business and Economics, Linköping University. Studies in psychology, 
Linköping University. 
Other current activities outside of the Issuer: Head of Group & Business Services SEB. 
CECILIA DAUN WENNBORG 
Born in 1963. Board member since 2013. Chairman of the Audit Committee. 
Education: Bachelor of Science in Business and Economics at Stockholm University. 
Other current activities outside of the Issuer: Chair of Almi AB. Board member of Eleda AB, Bravida 
Holding AB, Getinge AB, Atvexa AB, Hotel Diplomat AB, Oncopeptides AB and CDW Konsult AB. Member 
of the Swedish Securities Council. 
LARS BLECKO 
Born in 1957. Board member since 2019. 
Education: Master of Science at Karlstad University. 
Other current activities outside of the Issuer: Chair of Sortera AB. Board member of Ramudden Acquisition 
AB and Axel Johnson Inc. 
LIV FORHAUG 
Born in 1970. Board member since 2021. 
Education: Master of Science in Business at Stockholm School of Economics. 
Other current activities outside of the Issuer: CEO Martin & Servera. Board member of Hufvudstaden AB, 
Svensk Handel and Svenskt Näringsliv. 
JOHAN LUNDBERG 
Born in 1977. Board member since 2019. Member of the Audit Committee. 
Education: Master of Science in Business at Stockholm School of Economics. 
Other current activities outside of the Issuer: Chair of Betson AB. Board member of Ölands Bank AB, 
Svolder and Coinshares. Deputy board member of NFT Ventures AB. 
SANTIAGO GALAZ 
Born in 1959. Board member since 2022. 
Education: Business and Marketing ESIC (Madrid, Spain). 
Other current activities outside of the Issuer: Board member of Grupo Lar and Vesta Capital.

--- Page 122 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
122 
 
CHALANJA HENNINGSSON 
Born 
in 
1977. 
Member 
of 
the 
Board 
since 
2021. 
Employee 
representative. 
Appointed by Swedish Transport Workers’ Union. 
Other current activities outside of the Issuer: None. 
GROUP MANAGEMENT 
 
 
OTHER INFORMATION ABOUT THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GROUP MANAGEMENT 
All members of the Board of Directors and the Group Management can be reached via the Issuer’s postal 
address set out in this Offering Circular in the section titled “Description of the Issuer – Business Description 
- Address”. 
None of the persons mentioned in this Offering Circular in the sections titled "Board of Directors" and "Group 
Management" have, to the knowledge of the Issuer, any current or potential conflict of interest between their 
duties to the Issuer and their private interests and/or other duties. 
 
Name 
Title 
Active since 
Other ongoing activities outside of 
the Issuer 
Aritz Larrea 
President and Chief Executive Officer Loomis 
Group 
2014 
- 
Björn Züger 
President and Chief Executive Officer Loomis 
USA 
2014 
- 
Georges López Periago 
President and Chief Executive Officer Loomis 
Europe and Latin America 
1985 
- 
Mårten Lundberg 
Chief Human Resources Officer and Chief 
Marketing Officer 
2014 
- 
Athina Pehrman 
Chief Risk Officer 
2023 
- 
Erik Åslund 
Chief Legal Officer 
2020 
-

--- Page 123 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
123 
 
TAXATION 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the 
Issuer’s country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the 
Notes. 
KINGDOM OF SWEDEN 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of Notes and is based on the Swedish tax laws in force as of the date of this Offering Circular.  The 
summary does not address all potential aspects of Swedish taxation that may be applicable to a potential 
investor in the Notes and the summary is neither intended to be, nor should be construed as, legal or tax 
advice. A potential investor in the Notes should therefore consult with its own tax advisor as to the Swedish or 
foreign tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of the Notes. Certain categories of 
investors may also be exempt from income tax and/or subject to other specific tax regimes. 
(i) 
Non-resident Holders of Notes 
As used herein, a Non-resident Holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is not a resident 
of Sweden for tax purposes and who has no connection to Sweden other than their investment in the Notes, or 
(b) an entity not organised under the laws of Sweden.  
Under Swedish tax law, payments of principal or interest to a Non-resident Holder of Notes will not be subject 
to Swedish income tax unless such Non-resident Holder of Notes carries on a trade or business through a 
permanent establishment in Sweden to which the payment of principal or interest is attributable. 
Swedish tax law does not impose withholding tax on payments of principal or interest to a Non-resident Holder 
of Notes. 
Under Swedish tax law, a capital gain on a sale of Notes by a Non-resident Holder will not be subject to 
Swedish income tax unless the Non-resident Holder of Notes carries on a trade or business in Sweden through 
a permanent establishment to which the capital gain is attributable. 
Private individuals who are not resident in Sweden for tax purposes may be liable to capital gains taxation in 
Sweden upon disposal or redemption of certain financial instruments, depending on the classification of the 
particular financial instrument for Swedish income tax purposes, if they have been resident in Sweden or have 
lived permanently in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of disposal or redemption or the ten calendar 
years preceding the year of disposal or redemption. This liability may, however, be limited by tax treaties 
between Sweden and other countries. 
(ii) 
Resident Holders of Notes 
As used herein, a Resident Holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is a resident of 
Sweden for tax purposes, or (b) an entity organised under the laws of Sweden. 
In general, payment of any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to a Resident 
Holder of Notes will be subject to Swedish income tax. A Resident Holder of Notes will also be subject to 
Swedish income tax on any capital gain on the sale of Notes. Specific tax consequences may be applicable in 
relation to a capital loss on the Notes and to any currency exchange gains or losses. Redemption of Notes is 
treated as a sale of Notes. Amortisation of principal is not otherwise subject to Swedish income tax. 
Swedish tax law does not impose withholding tax on payments of principal or interest to a Resident Holder of 
Notes. However, preliminary income tax is normally withheld on payments of interest to individuals and 
estates of deceased individuals.

--- Page 124 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
124 
 
FATCA DISCLOSURE 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements.  The issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions 
(including the Kingdom of Sweden) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution 
in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments 
that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which 
are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued 
on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date.  However, if additional Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents 
may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in Notes.   
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States).  However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State.  
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be “established” in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 125 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
125 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 23 August 2024, agreed with the Issuer 
a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes.  Any such agreement 
will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”.  In 
the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules 
apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 126 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
126 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the 
European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in relation thereto to the public in that Member State 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; 
and 
• 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For 
the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 127 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
127 
 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering 
Circular as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in relation 
thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the 
United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
• 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes

--- Page 128 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
128 
 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying 
as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1, 2 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from 
time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and 
will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, 
any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the 
Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Offering Circular has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Offering Circular or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time 
to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA.

--- Page 129 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
129 
 
Sweden 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that no Notes will be offered to the public in Sweden nor admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in Sweden unless and until (A) a prospectus in relation to those Notes has been approved 
by the competent authority in Sweden or, where appropriate, approved in the relevant Member State of the 
European Economic Area and such relevant competent authority has certified to the competent authority in 
Sweden that the prospectus has been approved with respect to the Prospectus Regulation; or (B) an exemption 
from the requirement to prepare a prospectus is available under the Prospectus Regulation or the Act on 
Supplementary Rules to the Prospectus Regulation (Sw. lagen (2019:414) med kompletterande bestämmelser 
till EU:s prospektförordning) or any other Swedish enactment. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Offering Circular and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject 
or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other 
Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 130 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
130 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 23 July 2024. 
Listing and Admission to Trading of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of the Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue 
of one or more Global Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of 
this Offering Circular to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. The approval of 
the Programme in respect of the Notes was granted on or about 23 August 2024. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Offering Circular, copies of the following documents 
will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
from 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.loomis.com/en/investors/bonds:  
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, 
the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons) and the Deed of Covenant; 
(c) 
a copy of this Offering Circular; and 
(d) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms and 
Pricing Supplements (in the case of Exempt Notes) (save that Pricing Supplements will only be 
available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory 
to the Issuer or the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Offering Circular and 
any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative 
clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.   
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 131 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
131 
 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield.   
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or the Group since 
30 June 2024 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer 
or the Group since 31 December 2023. 
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer 
is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are Deloitte AB, who have audited the Issuer's accounts, without qualification in 
accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in Sweden, in accordance with IFRS for each of the 
two financial years ended on 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023.  Deloitte AB is a member of FAR, 
the institute for the accounting profession in Sweden. The auditors of the Issuer have no material interest in 
the Issuer. 
The reports of the auditors of the Issuer are included or incorporated in the form and context in which they are 
included or incorporated, with the consent of the auditors who have authorised the contents of that part of this 
Offering Circular.   
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but 
not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially 
the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments.

--- Page 132 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
132 
 
 
ISSUER 
Loomis AB (publ) 
Drottninggatan 82 
SE-111 36 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Swedish law 
Mannheimer Swartling 
Advokatbyrå AB 
Box 4291 
SE-203 14 Malmö 
Sweden 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
Deloitte AB 
Rehnsgatan 11 
SE 113 79 Stockholm 
Sweden

--- Page 133 ---
0127614-0000164 UKO2: 2008374301.20 
133 
 
 
ARRANGER 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
DEALERS 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
Bernstorffsgade 40  
DK-1577 Copenhagen V  
Denmark  
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki 
Finland 
LISTING AGENT 
Matheson LLP 
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland