--- Page 1 ---
SERIES BASE PROSPECTUS 
LUMINIS FINANCE PLC
(a public limited company incorporated in Ireland with registration number 635696, with a registered office at 32 
Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 54930067RSRCM166RP48
Series 2023-01
Up to 200,000 Index Linked Certificates due 2029 
Goldman Sachs International
The date of this Series Base Prospectus is 03 March 2023

--- Page 2 ---
2
IMPORTANT NOTICE
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY PERSON OR ADDRESS IN THE U.S.
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. This Series Base Prospectus contains information 
relating to the issue of one or more tranches (“Tranches”) of up to 200,000 index linked certificates due 2029 (the 
“Securities” or the “Certificates”). This Series Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with the base 
prospectus dated 08 August 2022 (the “Base Prospectus”) relating to the Limited Recourse Securities Programme for 
the issue of limited recourse securities (the “Programme”) of Luminis Finance Plc (the “Issuer”). This Series Base
Prospectus constitutes a “base prospectus” for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined 
below). Unless otherwise defined, capitalised terms have the same meanings given to them in the Conditions.
The following applies to this Series Base Prospectus, and you are therefore advised to read this carefully before 
reading, accessing or making any other use of this Series Base Prospectus. 
This Series Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation").
This Series Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Series Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Securities that are the 
subject of this Series Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Securities. Such approval relates only to Luminis Finance Plc Series 2023-01 Index Linked Certificates due 
2029 which are to be offered to the public in Italy (a Member State of the European Economic Area).
Application has also been made to Borsa Italiana S.p.A. ("Borsa Italiana") for the Securities to be admitted to trading 
on the multilateral trading facility of securitised derivatives financial instruments, organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana ("SeDeX"). There can be no assurance that any such listing will be maintained.
This Series Base Prospectus has been prepared for the purposes of the offering of the Securities in accordance with 
the applicable laws and regulations and as further described in the section entitled “Subscription and Sale” in the Base
Prospectus. 
This Series Base Prospectus will be valid for 12 months from its date for public offers in Italy (a Member State of 
the European Economic Area) by or with the consent of the Issuer. The obligation to supplement it in the event of 
significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply after 12 months from the date of 
this Series Base Prospectus.
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE 
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY THE SECURITIES OF THE ISSUER. THE FOLLOWING SERIES 
BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSON AND MAY 
NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER, AND IN PARTICULAR, MAY NOT BE 
FORWARDED TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY U.S. ADDRESS. ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION 
OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO 
COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, 
AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS.
Confirmation of your Representation: This series base prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you 
are a person into whose possession this series base prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws 
of the jurisdiction in which you are located. By accessing this series base prospectus, you shall be deemed to have 
represented to us that (a) you have understood and agree to the terms set out herein, (b) you consent to delivery of 
this series base prospectus by electronic transmission, (c) you are not a U.S. person (within the meaning of Regulation

--- Page 3 ---
3
S under the Securities Act) or acting for the account or benefit of a U.S. person and the electronic mail address that 
you have given to us and to which this e-mail has been delivered is not located in the United States, its territories 
and possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the 
Northern Mariana Islands), any State of the United States or the District of Columbia and (d) if you are a person in 
the United Kingdom, then you are a person who (i) is an “investment professional” as defined under Article 19 of 
the Financial and Services Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (ii) is a high net 
worth entity falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order. If you are not such a person, then you should not act 
or rely on this series base prospectus or any of its contents. Any investment or investment activity to which this 
series base prospectus relates is available only to and will only be engaged in with such persons.
This series base prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted 
via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently neither 
Luminis Finance Plc, Goldman Sachs International nor any person who controls it nor any director, officer, employee 
nor agent of it or affiliate of any such person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any 
difference between this series base prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version 
available to you on request from Goldman Sachs International.
The Securities are not rated.
Prospective investors should have regard to the risk factors described and referred to under the section of 
this Series Base Prospectus titled “Risk Factors”.

--- Page 4 ---
4
This Series Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and for the 
purpose of giving necessary information with regard to the Issuer and the Securities which, according to the 
particular nature and circumstances of the Issuer and type of Securities, is material to prospective purchasers for 
making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the 
Issuer, the rights attaching to the Securities and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer.
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Series Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
Issuer’s knowledge, the information contained in this Series Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.
A key information document has been issued in respect of the Securities, pursuant to Regulation (EU) No.1286/2014 
on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products, as may be amended 
from time to time (the "PRIIPs Regulation"), (the "KID"), for the retail investors. EEA retail investors can refer to 
the KID for the relevant Securities for details of, principally, the purposes of the Securities, the summary risk indicator 
performance scenarios, the summary cost indicator and recommended holding period for the relevant Certificates in 
accordance with the PRIIPs Regulation.
The information in this Series Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus (see the 
section titled “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). This Series Base Prospectus includes particulars for 
the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue by the Issuer of the Securities.
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained in 
this Series Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Securities and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or the Dealer (as 
specified in the Issue Terms contained in this Series Base Prospectus). Neither the delivery of this Series Base
Prospectus nor any sale of Securities made in connection therewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date of this Series Base Prospectus or 
the date upon which this Series Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has 
been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date of this Series Base Prospectus or the date 
upon which this Series Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Securities is correct as of any time subsequent to the 
date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.
The language of this Series Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under the 
applicable law.
The information contained on any websites referred to herein does not form part of this Series Base Prospectus unless 
that information is incorporated by reference into this Series Base Prospectus.
The distribution of this Series Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Securities in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Series Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and the 
Dealer to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Securities have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act. Securities may not at any time be offered, sold or, where relevant, delivered within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any person who is (a) a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act); (b) a U.S. person (as defined in the credit risk retention regulations issued under Section 15G 
of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934); or (c) not a Non-United States person (as defined in Rule 4.7 under the 
U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, but excluding for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception to the extent 
that it would apply to persons who are not Non-United States persons).
Any investor in the Securities (including investors following the issue date of such Securities) shall be deemed to 
give the representations, agreements and acknowledgments specified in the Conditions of such Securities, including 
a representation that it is not, nor is it acting for the account or benefit of, a person who is (a) a U.S. person (as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act); (b) a U.S. person (as defined in the credit risk retention regulations issued 
under Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934); or (c) not a Non-United States person (as defined

--- Page 5 ---
5
in Rule 4.7 under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, but excluding for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, 
the exception to the extent that it would apply to persons who are not Non-United States persons).
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Securities and on distribution of this Series Base
Prospectus, see the section headed “Subscription and Sale” in this Series Base Prospectus.
Luminis Finance Plc has not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as 
amended (the “Investment Company Act”).
Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined herein or in the Base Prospectus and the corresponding General 
Definitions Module have the meaning given to them in the Issue Terms contained in this Series Base Prospectus.
DISCLAIMERS
This Series Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealer 
to subscribe for, or purchase, any Securities.
None of the Trustee, the Arranger, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the 
Transfer Agent, the Selling Agent, the Vendor, the Custodian, the Authentication Agent or the Swap Counterparty (the 
"Programme Parties") has or will have independently verified the information contained herein or in this Series Base
Prospectus. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is or will be made and no 
responsibility or liability is or will be accepted by the Programme Parties as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Series Base Prospectus or any other information provided 
by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or the Securities or their distribution.  
Prospective investors of Securities should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk 
Factors” in this Series Base Prospectus. This Series Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment 
in the Securities. Neither this Series Base Prospectus nor any financial statements are intended to provide the basis 
of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer or the Dealer 
that any recipient of this Series Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Securities.
No fiduciary role: None of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Programme Parties or any of their respective 
affiliates is acting as an investment adviser or as an adviser in any other capacity, and none of them (other than the 
Trustee) assumes any fiduciary obligation to any investors of Securities or any other party, including the Issuer.
None of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Programme Parties assumes any responsibility for (i) conducting 
or failing to conduct any investigation into the business, financial condition, prospects, creditworthiness, status and/or 
affairs of any issuer or obligor of the Charged Assets or the terms thereof or of the Swap Counterparty or the terms 
of the Swap Agreement or (ii) monitoring such issuer or obligor of the Charged Assets or Swap Counterparty during 
the term of the Securities.
Investors may not rely on the views of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Programme Parties for any information 
in relation to any person.
No reliance: A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Programme Parties or 
any of their respective affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the 
Securities or as to any of the other matters referred to above.
No representations: None of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Programme Parties makes any representation 
or warranty, express or implied, in respect of any:
(i)
Charged Assets or in respect of any information contained in any documents prepared, provided or filed in 
respect of such Charged Assets with any exchange, governmental, supervisory or self-regulatory authority 
or any other person;
(ii)
issuer or obligor of the Charged Assets or in respect of any information contained in any documents prepared, 
provided or filed by or on behalf of such issuer or obligor with any exchange, governmental, supervisory or 
self-regulatory authority or any other person;

--- Page 6 ---
6
(iii)
Swap Counterparty or in respect of any information contained in any documents prepared, provided or filed 
by or on behalf of such party with any exchange, governmental, supervisory or self-regulatory authority or 
any other person; or
(iv)
Swap Agreement or in respect of any information contained in any documents prepared, provided or filed in 
respect of such agreement with any exchange, governmental, supervisory or self-regulatory authority or any 
other person,
save that this is not intended to limit the responsibility of the Issuer for the information in respect of the Swap 
Counterparty in the section of the Base Prospectus titled “Description of the Swap Counterparty, Repo Counterparty 
and the Calculation Agent”.
None of the Dealer or any of the other Programme Parties makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, 
in respect of the Issuer or in respect of any information contained in any documents prepared, provided or filed by or 
on behalf of the Issuer.
THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR 
WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE 
UNITED STATES. NO PERSON HAS REGISTERED NOR WILL REGISTER AS A COMMODITY POOL 
OPERATOR OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936 AS AMENDED 
AND THE RULES OF THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (“CFTC”) THEREUNDER. 
THE SECURITIES MAY NOT AT ANY TIME BE OFFERED, SOLD OR, WHERE RELEVANT, DELIVERED 
WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS 
DEFINED IN THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED, AND REGULATIONS 
THEREUNDER).
CONSEQUENTLY, THE SECURITIES MAY NOT AT ANY TIME BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (A) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED UNDER 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (“REGULATION S”)) AND (B) TO PERSONS THAT ARE 
(I) NOT U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S), (II) NOT U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN THE 
CREDIT RISK RETENTION REGULATIONS ISSUED UNDER SECTION 15G OF THE U.S. SECURITIES 
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934) AND (III) NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN RULE 4.7 UNDER 
THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, BUT EXCLUDING FOR PURPOSES OF SUBSECTION 
(D) THEREOF, THE EXCEPTION TO THE EXTENT THAT IT WOULD APPLY TO PERSONS WHO ARE NOT 
NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS) (ANY PERSON SATISFYING EACH OF (I) TO (III) IMMEDIATELY 
ABOVE, A “PERMITTED PURCHASER”). IF A PERMITTED PURCHASER ACQUIRING SECURITIES IS 
DOING SO FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF ANOTHER PERSON, SUCH OTHER PERSON MUST 
ALSO BE A PERMITTED PURCHASER.
THIS SERIES BASE PROSPECTUS HAS BEEN PREPARED BY THE ISSUER (A) FOR USE IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES 
TO PERMITTED PURCHASERS IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 
OR 904 OF REGULATION S AND (B) FOR THE LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING OF THE 
SECURITIES ON SEDEX.
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN 
EXAMINATION OF THE ISSUER AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE MERITS AND 
RISKS INVOLVED.
THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY 
OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY IN THE UNITED STATES, NOR HAVE ANY OF THE FOREGOING 
AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE OFFERING OF ANY SECURITIES
PURSUANT TO THIS SERIES BASE PROSPECTUS OR THE ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF THIS 
SERIES BASE PROSPECTUS OR ANY OTHER AUTHORISED OFFERING DOCUMENT.
ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES.

--- Page 7 ---
7
TABLE OF CONTENTS
IMPORTANT NOTICE..................................................................................................................................................... 2
RISK FACTORS................................................................................................................................................................ 8
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................................11
HOW THE VALUE OF THE SECURITIES IS AFFECTED BY THE VALUE OF THE INDEX AND THE INITIAL 
CHARGED ASSETS ........................................................................................................................................................12
ISSUE TERMS .................................................................................................................................................................13
USE OF PROCEEDS........................................................................................................................................................45
GENERAL INFORMATION ...........................................................................................................................................46
THE ISSUER ....................................................................................................................................................................48

--- Page 8 ---
8
RISK FACTORS
The risk factors set out below should be read in addition to those set out in the section headed "Risk Factors" in the Base 
Prospectus (incorporated herein by reference, subject to certain amendments and exclusions; see "Documents Incorporated 
by Reference" above) and, in the event of any inconsistency, the risk factors set out below will prevail. Such risk factors 
are risk factors that are material to the Securities in order to assess the market risk associated with them or which may 
affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under them. None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer is in a position 
to express a view on the likelihood of any contingency highlighted by a risk factor occurring. 
Additional Risks associated with the Index
Terms used below in respect of the risk factors provided under this section entitled “Additional Risks associated with the 
Index” which are not defined herein shall have the meaning given thereto in the Issue Terms and as completed by the Final 
Terms. 
The Index is sensitive to the volatility of the Shares
Due to the in-built volatility control mechanism, the exposure of the Index to the basket of liquid stock (the “Shares”)
varies according to the realised volatility of the Shares. As realised volatility rises, the Index reduces exposure to the Shares
and conversely, as realised volatility falls, the Index’s exposure to the Shares increases. Therefore the Index may 
underperform relative to the Shares where high realised volatility is followed by positive performance of the Shares, or 
where low realised volatility is followed by negative performance of the Share. The volatility of the Index may impact the 
value of the Securities and the return to a potential investor.
Historical or hypothetical performance of the Index is not an indication of future performance
Investors should be aware that the historical or hypothetical performance of the Index should not be taken as an indication 
of the future performance of the Index. The level of the Index may fluctuate significantly. It is impossible to predict whether 
the level, value or price of the Index will fall or rise during the term of the Securities. Past performance is not a guarantee 
or an indication of future returns.
Publication of the Index
The Index is scheduled to be published on a daily basis, but in certain circumstances such publication may be delayed. 
Details of the past performance of the Index may be obtained from Bloomberg and Reuters. The Bloomberg ticker in 
respect of the Index (as at the date of this Series Base Prospectus) is FTSE MIB Index and the Reuters ticker is .FTMIB. 
Notional exposure
The Index is constructed on “notional” investments and there is no actual portfolio of assets to which any person is entitled 
or in respect of which any person has any direct or indirect ownership interest. The Index simply reflects a rules-based 
proprietary trading strategy, the performance of which is used as a reference point for the purposes of calculating the level
of the Index. Investment in Securities linked to the Index will therefore not make an investor a holder of, or give an investor 
a direct investment position in, any shares. The return on your Securities may be less than if you held a direct position in 
the Index or shares, or a different product linked thereto.
Exposure to the Performance of the Index
The Securities represent an investment linked to the performance of the Index and potential investors should note that any 
interest amount payable under the Securities will depend upon the performance of the Index. The price, performance or 
investment return of the Index may be subject to sudden and large unpredictable changes over time and this degree of 
change is known as “volatility”. The volatility of the Index may be affected by national and international financial, political, 
military or economic events, including governmental actions, or by the activities of participants in the relevant markets. 
Any of these events or activities could adversely affect the value of the Securities.

--- Page 9 ---
9
Potential investors in the Securities should be familiar with the behaviour of the Index and thoroughly understand how the 
performance of the Index may affect payments (or any other benefit to be received) under, or the market value of, the 
Securities. The past performance of the Index is not indicative of future performance. The market value of the Securities
may be adversely affected by postponement or alternative provisions for the valuation of the level of the Index.
For certain reasons, including compliance for tax, regulation constraints, or fees extracted at the constituent level, the
performance of any component may not precisely track or replicate the performance of the relevant asset class or the 
underlying of such component.
Potential Conflicts of Interest
Goldman Sachs International (acting as Arranger and Dealer) expects to engage in trading activities related to constituents 
of the Index (including to hedge its obligations under any investments linked to the Index sold by Goldman Sachs 
International) during the course of its normal business for both its proprietary accounts and/or in client related transactions. 
These trading activities may present a conflict between the interests of investors with exposure to the Index and Goldman 
Sachs International’s own interests, and if they have an influence on the share prices or levels (as applicable) of the Index
constituents may have an adverse effect on the performance of the Index.  
Goldman Sachs International may have and in the future may publish research reports with respect to the index constituents 
or asset classes which may express opinions or provide recommendations that either support or are inconsistent with 
investments into the Index. This research should not be viewed as a recommendation or endorsement of the Index in any 
way and investors must make their own independent investigation of the merits of this investment.
With respect to any of the activities described above, Goldman Sachs International does not have any obligation to take 
the needs of any investor in Index products into consideration at any time, and may resolve conflicts of interest in its own 
favour.
Currency Risks
Investors may be exposed to currency risks because (i) components of the Index may be denominated or priced in 
currencies other than the currency in which the Index is denominated, or (ii) the Index and/or such components may be 
denominated in currencies other than the currency of the country in which the investor is resident. The Index may therefore 
increase or decrease as a result of fluctuations in those currencies. Where payments under the components of the Index are 
made in a currency that is different from the currency in which the Securities are denominated, the amount investors 
receive, when converted into the denomination currency, may be less than the corresponding price of the components of 
the Index and investors may lose some or all of their initial investment. In such circumstances investors will receive a 
lower return than if such payment had been made in the currency of the components of the Index due to the foreign 
exchange rate risk.
Risks associated with Equity Indices
The sponsor of the Index and will have no obligation to any investor in investment products linked to the Index. The 
sponsor of an equity index may take any actions in respect of such equity index without regard to the interests of the 
investors (and its impact upon the return on the Securities) in investment products linked to the Index, including but not 
limited to a change in the composition or discontinuance of such equity index, and any of these actions could have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Index.
No assurance can be given that the methodology underlying the Index will be successful in producing positive returns or 
that the Index will out perform any other alternative investment strategy
An investor should be aware that the index sponsor or Goldman Sachs International or any of their respective affiliates do not
make any express or implied representation that the Index will achieve a positive performance, or a higher performance than 
any other index or strategy, or returns independent of the overall direction of the relevant markets, whether managed or not 
managed.
Changes in market structure and/or increased investment in similar products may negatively affect the value of an Index.

--- Page 10 ---
10
As a result of changes in market structure and/or due to increased investment in products using the same or similar investment 
rationale to that of the Index, the underlying market or economic characteristics that the Index attempts to capture, measure or
replicate may change, cease to exist, and/or lead to negative expected returns over any time period. This may have a negative 
impact on the value of the Index and the value of an investment in Securities linked to the Index. The terms of such Securities 
and Index will not be adjusted to take account of any such changes.
Additional Risks related to the Market
The initial market value of the Securities is likely to be lower, and may be significantly lower, than the issue or initial purchase 
price of the Securities as a result of, inter alia, (where permitted by applicable law) amounts with respect to commissions 
relating to the issue, sale and marketing of the Securities. Accordingly, the issue or purchase price of the Securities is likely to 
be more than the initial market value of the Securities, and this could result in a loss if you sell the Securities prior to scheduled 
redemption. Any secondary market prices of the Securities will also likely be lower than the original issue price of the Securities 
because, among other things, (as above) secondary market prices will likely be reduced by selling commissions and marketing 
commissions that are accounted for in the original issue price of the Securities. As a result, the price, if any, at which any person 
would be willing to buy Securities from you in secondary market transactions, if at all, is likely to be lower than the original 
issue price. Any sale by you prior to their scheduled redemption could result in a substantial loss.

--- Page 11 ---
11
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
1.
The Base Prospectus, except for the following sections, shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of, 
this Series Base Prospectus:
a.
Description of the Luxembourg Issuer (pages 126 to 129) inclusive):
b.
Description of the Cayman Islands Issuer (pages 130 to 134 inclusive);
c.
Description of the Repo Agreement (pages 167 to 170 inclusive);
d.
Bearer Securities Base Conditions Module (pages 241 to 256 inclusive);
e.
Basket of Charged Assets Conditions Module (pages 306 to 322 inclusive);
f.
Equity Linked Conditions Module (pages 323 to 358 inclusive);
g.
FX Linked Conditions Module (pages 406 to 424 inclusive);
h.
Credit Linked Conditions Module (pages 425 to 448 inclusive);
i.
Form of Final Terms/Pricing Supplement (pages 449 to 503 inclusive);
j.
Form of Cross Currency Swap Confirmation (pages 518 to 535 inclusive); and 
k.
Form of Credit Default Swap Confirmation (pages 536 to 568 inclusive).
2.
Any statement contained in the Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of 
this Series Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes any earlier 
statement contained in any document incorporated by reference (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). 
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute 
part of this Series Base Prospectus.
Where only certain sections of the Base Prospectus are incorporated by reference into this Series Base Prospectus, 
the parts of the Base Prospectus which are not incorporated by reference are either not relevant for prospective 
investors or are covered elsewhere in this Series Base Prospectus.
Copies of the document incorporated herein by reference will be available free of charge from the registered office 
of the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent (as specified on the last page).
The Base Prospectus has been filed with Euronext Dublin and is available for viewing at the following website:
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202208/48b86891-567c-4c48-898b-
b3bd8c6fbb14.PDF.
3.
The Audited Financial Statements of the Issuer dated 27 December 2021 have been filed with Euronext Dublin 
and are available for viewing at the following website: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202302/f2406470-5d5b-40a3-b39b-321e80093618.pdf.

--- Page 12 ---
12
HOW THE VALUE OF THE SECURITIES IS AFFECTED BY THE VALUE OF THE INDEX AND THE 
INITIAL CHARGED ASSETS
This section of the Series Base Prospectus explains how the value of the Securities is affected by the value of the Index and the 
Initial Charged Assets.
Interest payable on the Securities
Interest is calculated on the Securities (as defined above) by calculating the difference between the Index Level (as defined 
below) on the Scheduled Valuation Date (as defined below) and on the Initial Valuation Date (as defined below). Where the level 
of the Index (as defined below) on the Scheduled Valuation Date is above the level of the Index on the Initial Valuation Date,
interest will be payable. Where this is the case, the amount of interest payable will be determined by reference to the number of 
Securities which an investor holds, and the amount by which the level of the Index has increased (provided that, if specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, any such increase in the level of the Index is subject to a maximum amount). Therefore, the higher the 
increase in the level of the Index (subject to such maximum amount, if applicable), the greater the amount of interest that is 
payable. The dates on which the Index is calculated will be adjusted in certain circumstances, such as where such date is not a 
business day or where the level of the Index has not been published on that day.
Where the level of the Index on the Scheduled Valuation Date is below the level of the Index on the Initial Valuation Date, no 
interest will be payable under the Securities.
Early redemption of the Securities
The Securities will be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date (which is scheduled to be 19 June 2029) at 100 per cent. of their 
unit value, unless certain events occur prior to such date. Where it is determined that an Early Redemption Event (as defined 
below) has occurred, the Securities may be redeemed early in an amount which is related to the value of the Initial Charged 
Assets (as defined below), and this may be less than 100 per cent. of their unit value. If the Securities are subject to an Early 
Redemption Event, then no interest shall be payable on the Securities.
Accordingly, the potential return to investors, and the corresponding value of the Securities at a particular time, will be impacted 
by the level of the Index at such time, the likelihood of an Early Redemption Event occurring and the value of the Initial Charged 
Assets.

--- Page 13 ---
13
ISSUE TERMS
The terms and conditions of the Securities shall consist of the terms and conditions set out in the Base Prospectus (as 
incorporated by reference into this Series Base Prospectus) as amended below by these Issue Terms and as completed by 
the final terms, a form of which is provided in Schedule 1 (Form of Final Terms) (the “Final Terms”). Where the terms 
and conditions set out in the Base Prospectus refer to certain information being specified in the “Final Terms”, such 
references shall be deemed to be to the information specified under the sections titled “Contractual Terms” and “Other 
Information” below as completed by the relevant Final Terms.
PART A
CONTRACTUAL TERMS
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely for the 
purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Securities has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, 
each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities 
are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non‑advised sales and pure execution services. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer's target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. 
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Securities may only do so:
(a)
in those Public Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph (iv) of Paragraph 7 of Part B below, provided such 
person is a Dealer or Authorised Offeror (as such term is defined in the Base Prospectus (as defined below)) and 
that the offer is made during the Offer Period specified in that paragraph and that any conditions relevant to the use 
of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or

--- Page 14 ---
14
(b)
otherwise pursuant to an Exempt Offer in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Securities in any other 
circumstances.
The Securities have the terms as set out in these issue terms (the "Issue Terms"), which will complete the Registered 
Securities Base Conditions Module, August 2022 Edition (the "Registered Securities Base Conditions Module"), the 
General Definitions Module, August 2022 Edition (the "General Definitions Module") and the Index Conditions Module, 
August 2022 Edition (the "Index Linked Conditions Module") (together, the "Conditions").  
The Registered Securities Base Conditions Module, the General Definitions Module and the Index Linked Conditions 
Module are set out in the Base Prospectus dated 08 August 2022 (together, the “Base Prospectus”). This document 
constitutes the Issue Terms of the Securities described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus
and the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Tranche. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Issue Terms, the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Tranche, the 
Registered Securities Base Conditions Module, the Index Linked Conditions Module, the General Definitions Module and 
the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at www.live.euronext.com and during normal business 
hours copies may be obtained from The Bank of New York Mellon, 160 Queen Victoria Street, London, EC4V 4LA, 
United Kingdom.
The purchase of Securities involves substantial risks and is suitable only for investors who have the knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the risks and the merits of an 
investment in the Securities. Before making an investment decision, prospective purchasers of Securities should 
ensure that they understand the nature of the Securities and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they 
consider carefully, in the light of their own financial circumstances, financial condition and investment objectives, 
all the information set forth in the Base Prospectus (including "Risk Factors" on pages 28 to 71 of the Base 
Prospectus), this Series Base Prospectus (including “Risk Factors” on pages 9 to 11 of this Series Base Prospectus)
and these Issue Terms.
1.
Issuer:
LUMINIS FINANCE PLC
2.
Name of compartment:
Not Applicable
3.
(a)
Series Number:
2023-01
(b)
Class Number:
Not Applicable
(c)
Tranche Number:
As specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(d)
Date on which the Securities will be 
consolidated and form a single Series:
As specified in the relevant Final Terms.
4.
Type of Securities:
Certificates
5.
Currency of Issue:
Euro (“EUR”)
6.
Number of Units:
(a)
Series:
As specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that (i) 
the Number of Units shall increase by an amount equal to 
the Number of Units in respect of any Further Fungible 
Securities issued and (ii) the Number of Units in respect of 
this Series of Securities shall not exceed 200,000.

--- Page 15 ---
15
(b)
Class:
Not Applicable
(c)
Tranche:
As specified in the relevant Final Terms.
7.
Issue Price:
As specified in the relevant Final Terms.
8.
(a)
Unit Value:
EUR 1,000
9.
(a)
Issue Date:
As specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(b)
Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
(if 
different from Issue Date):
Not Applicable
(c)
Trade Date:
As specified in the relevant Final Terms.
10.
Maturity Date:
The date which falls ten Business Days following the Final 
Valuation Date (the “Scheduled Maturity Date”), subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.
11.
Type of Securities:
Index Linked
12.
Interest Basis:
As per the further particulars specified in items 19 and 20 
below
13.
Change of Interest Basis:
Not Applicable
14.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Redemption at Par
15.
Put/Call Options:
Not Applicable
16.
Status of the Securities:
Secured limited recourse obligations of the Issuer 
17.
Method of distribution:
Non-syndicated
18.
Instructing Creditor:
Not Applicable
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
19.
Interest Provisions:
Applicable
(a)
Interest Payment Date(s):
The Maturity Date.
(b)
Business Day Convention:
Modified Following Business Day Convention
(c)
Additional Business Centre(s):
London, TARGET2
(d)
Day Count Fraction:
Not Applicable
(e)
Principal Determination Date:
The first day of each Interest Period
(f)
Interest Calculation Date:
The Final Valuation Date
20.
Fixed Rate Security Provisions:
Applicable

--- Page 16 ---
16
(a)
Interest Amount:
Condition 7.6 (Determination of Interest Amounts) shall be 
deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
“The interest amount payable to a Holder shall be payable 
where, on the Final Valuation Date, the Index Level is 
above the Interest Barrier Percentage multiplied by the 
Reference Price (Initial), and in such case, shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent using the following 
formula:
A x B/C
Where,
“A” means the product of the Participation Rate and the 
Performance Amount.
“B” means the Number of Units held by such Holder. 
“C” means the total Number of Units of this Series. 
“Averaging Date” means the Final Valuation Date. 
“Exchange” means FTSE International Limited.  
“Final Valuation Date” means the Scheduled Valuation 
Date, provided that if such day is not an Index Valuation 
Day, the next following Index Valuation Day.    
“Index” means FTSE MIB Index (and shall be a “Unitary 
Index” for the purposes of the Index Linked Conditions).  
“Index Sponsor” means FTSE International Limited. 
“Initial Valuation Date” means the Issue Date of Tranche 
1 of the Securities, provided that if such day is not an Index 
Valuation Day, the next following Index Valuation Day.
“Interest Barrier Percentage” means 100%.  
“Interest Valuation Date” means the Final Valuation 
Date
“Participation Rate” means 100%.
“Performance Amount” means either (i) Reference Price 
(Final) / Reference Price (Initial) -100% or (ii) max (100%, 
Reference Price (Final) / Reference Price (Initial) -100%), 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
“Reference Price (Final)” means the Final Index Level.
“Reference Price (Initial)” means the Index Level on the 
Initial Valuation Date.  
“Related Exchange” means All Exchanges.  
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means 05 June 2029, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.
“Valuation Date” means the Final Valuation Date.

--- Page 17 ---
17
(b)
Index Level Conditions
For the purposes of Condition 2 of the Index Linked 
Conditions, the Securities relate to a single Index and 
“Single Index and Reference Dates” apply.
For the purposes of Condition 2 of the Index Linked 
Conditions, Postponement and No Adjustment shall apply. 
(i)
Dividend Amount Conditions:
Not Applicable
(ii)
Index-Linked Derivatives Contract 
Condition:
Not Applicable
For the purposes of Condition 4.2 of the Index Linked 
Conditions, Calculation Agent Adjustment shall apply.
(iii)
Correction of Index Level:
Applicable
(iv)
Index Disclaimer:
Applicable
21.
Floating Rate Security Provisions:
Not Applicable
22.
Interest Rate Payout Securities:
Not Applicable
23.
Zero Coupon Security Provisions:  
Not Applicable
24.
FX Linked Securities:
Not Applicable
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
25.
Issuer Call:
Not Applicable
26.
Investor Put:
Not Applicable
27.
Final Redemption Amount:
EUR 1,000 per Certificate. 
28.
Early Redemption Amount and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required):
As per the definition of Early Redemption Amount in the 
General Definitions Module.
Loss Waterfall: Not Applicable
29.
Instalment Securities:
Not Applicable
30.
Physical Delivery Securities:
Not Applicable
31.
Optional Amendment Events:
(a)
Initial Charged Assets Amendment 
Event:
Applicable
(b)
Euro Dissolution Event:
Applicable
(c)
Margin Shortfall Event:
Not Applicable

--- Page 18 ---
18
(d)
MTM Trigger Event:
Not Applicable
(e)
Swap Regulatory Treatment Event:
Applicable
32.
Optional Early Redemption Events relating to 
Initial Charged Assets:
(a)
Initial Charged Assets Non-Repayment 
Event:
Not Applicable
(b)
Initial Charged Assets Non-Delivery 
Event:
Not Applicable
33.
Optional Early Redemption Events relating to 
Swap Agreement and/or Repo Agreements:
(a)
Margin Shortfall Event:
Not Applicable
(b)
MTM Trigger Event:
Not Applicable
34.
Optional Early Redemption Events relating to 
programme parties:
(a)
Arranger Insolvency Event:
Applicable
(b)
Custodian/Principal 
Paying 
Agent 
Event:
Applicable
35.
Optional Early Redemption Events relating to 
regulatory changes:
(a)
Illegality Event:
Applicable
(b)
Change in Law Event:
Applicable
(c)
Regulatory Treatment Event:
Applicable
Limb (a) of the definition of “Regulatory Treatment 
Event” shall be deleted in its entirely and replaced with the 
following:
“(a) Any governmental, legal or regulatory body 
determines that the Issuer is an alternative fund 
within the meaning of Article 4(1)(a) of AIFMD, or 
a fine or a sanction of any nature that is validly 
imposed, or formal legal proceedings are instituted 
(and not dismissed within 30 days), by any 
governmental, legal, regulatory body or by the Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A on or against the Issuer;”
(d)
Swap Regulatory Treatment Event:
Applicable
(e)
Euro Dissolution Event:
Applicable
(f)
Benchmark Fallback Failure Event:
Not Applicable

--- Page 19 ---
19
36.
Optional Early Redemption Events relating to 
taxation:
Adjusted Adverse Tax Event:
Not Applicable. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SECURITY
37.
Initial Charged Assets:
The Initial Charged Assets shall comprise the Initial 
Charged Assets specified below, together with any Further 
Charged Assets in respect of any Further Fungible 
Securities. 
As at the Issue Date in respect of Tranche 1, the Initial 
Charged Assets shall comprise EUR 20,000,000 in 
principal amount of an issue by the Republic of Italy of 2.8
per cent. per annum senior unsecured bonds due 15 June 
2029 identified below:
Initial Charged Assets issuer: The Republic of Italy 
Address: Via Venti Settembre, 97, 00187 Roma RM, Italy
Country of Establishment: Italy
Business activities: Sovereign
Listed on the following stock exchanges/admitted to 
trading on the following regulated market, or equivalent 
third market or SME Growth Market: Borsa Italiana 
MOT
Borrowed Money Obligation: Not Applicable
Callable Charged Assets: Not Applicable
Initial Charged Assets Repudiation/Moratorium: Not 
Applicable
Initial Charged Assets Governmental Intervention: 
Applicable

--- Page 20 ---
20
Asset:
ISIN: IT0005495731
Asset Principal Amount: EUR 20,000,000
Coupon: 2.80% per annum, payable semi-annually on 15
June and December
each
year, with the interest 
commencement date being 16 May 2022.
Asset Maturity: 15 June 2029
Currency: EUR
Governing Law: Italian law
Bloomberg Ticker: BTPS 2.8 06/15/29
Status: Senior unsecured
Listing on the following stock exchanges: Gettex, Börse 
Dusseldorf, Börse Frankfurt, Börse Munich, Börse 
Stuttgart, EuroTLX, HI-MTF and MOT.
(a)
Amount of the Initial Charged Assets:
EUR 20,000,000 as at the Issue Date in respect of Tranche 
1.
(b)
Price:
Not Applicable
(c)
Initial Delivery Cut-Off Date:
As per the General Definitions Module
(d)
Realisation Period End Date:
10 Business Days. 
(e)
Realisation Cut-Off Date:
Not Applicable
(f)
Self Purchase:
Applicable
38.
Substitution of Charged Assets:
(a)
At the direction of the Counterparty or 
Repo 
Counterparty 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
4.5(a)
(Charged 
Asset 
Substitution):
Not Applicable
(b)
At the direction of a Requesting Holder 
pursuant to Condition 4.5(b) (Charged 
Asset Substitution):
Not Applicable
39.
Swap Agreements:
(a)
Swap Agreement(s):
A 2002 ISDA Master Agreement and Schedule thereto (in 
the form of the Swap Schedule Terms Module, August
2022 Edition), as supplemented by a confirmation with an 
effective date of the Issue Date comprising a swap 
transaction (the "Swap Transaction") between the Issuer 
and the Swap Counterparty (together, the "Swap 
Agreement").

--- Page 21 ---
21
(b)
Swap Counterparty:
Goldman Sachs International
(c)
Swap Agreement Confirmation Terms:
Transaction type:
Interest Rate Swap
See Part C
(d)
Credit Support Annex:
Applicable
Two Way
(e)
Credit Support Annex – Terms:
See Part D
(f)
Net Settlement:
Applicable
(g)
Eligible Transferee Credit Rating:
Not Applicable
(h)
Collateral Redelivery:
Applicable
40.
Repo Agreements:
Not Applicable
41.
Custodian Account details:
Pledged Accounts: 
Securities Account No. 437692 (LUMINIS FINANCE 
PLC 2023-01) linked to Euroclear 27017 or such other 
account as may be advised by the Custodian from time to 
time. 
Linked to CAD Cash Account No. 437693
Linked EUR Cash Account No. 4376939780
Linked GBP Cash Account No. 4376938260
Linked JPY Cash Account No. 4376933920
Linked USD Cash Account No. 4376938400
Linked CHF Cash Account No. 4376937560
or such other account as may be advised by the Custodian 
from time to time
42.
Swap Counterparty Account details:
EUR
Reference: Luminis Finance Plc 2023-01
Intermediary Details
ROUTING CODE: CHASDEFX
NAME: J.P.MORGAN AG
LOCATION: FRANKFURT AM MAIN
Final Beneficiary Details
ROUTING CODE: GSILGB2X
NAME: GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL
ACCOUNT: DE57501108006231605921

--- Page 22 ---
22
43.
Additional Charging Document: 
Not Applicable
44.
FX Linked Securities:
Not Applicable
45.
Credit Linked Securities:
Not Applicable
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES
46.
Non-Representative Trigger Event:
Not Applicable
47.
Whether the Issuer is able to purchase any of the 
Securities pursuant to Condition 9 (Purchase):
Yes
48.
Form of Securities:
(a)
Form:
Registered Securities:
Global Security (20,000 units, subject to the issuance of 
any Further Fungible Securities), registered in the name of 
a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg exchangeable for Definitive 
Securities upon an Exchange Event.
(b)
New Global Note:
No
49.
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to Payment Days:
London and TARGET2
50.
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Securities: 
No
51.
Details relating to Partly Paid Securities: amount 
of each payment comprising the Issue Price and 
date on which each payment is to be made and 
consequences (if any) of failure to pay, including 
any rights of the Issuer to forfeit the Securities 
and interest due on late payment:
Not Applicable
AGENTS AND OTHER PARTIES AND DISTRIBUTION
52.
Arranger:
Goldman Sachs International
Plumtree Court
25 Shoe Lane
London
EC4A 4AU
53.
Trustee:
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street
London
EC4V 4LA
United Kingdom
54.
Principal Paying Agent
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch
160 Queen Victoria Street
London 
EC4V 4LA
United Kingdom

--- Page 23 ---
23
55.
Custodian:
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 Rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
56.
Calculation Agent:
Goldman Sachs International
Plumtree Court
25 Shoe Lane
London
EC4A 4AU
57.
Selling Agent:
Goldman Sachs International
Plumtree Court
25 Shoe Lane
London
EC4A 4AU
58.
Vendor:
Goldman Sachs International
Plumtree Court
25 Shoe Lane
London
EC4A 4AU
59.
Issuer's Process Agent:
Goldman Sachs International
Plumtree Court
25 Shoe Lane
London
EC4A 4AU
60.
Registrar:
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 Rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
61.
Transfer Agent:
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 Rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
62.
Authentication Agent:
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 Rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
63.
Additional Agent(s):
Not Applicable
64.
(a)
If syndicated, names of Managers:
Not Applicable
(b)
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any)
Not Applicable

--- Page 24 ---
24
65.
If Non-syndicated, name of any Dealer(s):
Not Applicable
66.
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
Regulation S; TEFRA Not Applicable
67.
United States Tax Considerations:
The Swap Agreement is not subject to a 30 per cent. 
withholding tax under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986.
68.
Other Provisions:
Condition 5 (Application of Secured Property) shall be 
deleted and the following substituted thereafter: 
“5.1 Prior to the security created by the Trust Instrument 
becoming enforceable, the Issuer shall apply the 
Realisation Amount plus the Swap Termination 
Amount payable to the Issuer (if any) as set out in (a) 
to (g) below: 
(a) FIRST, in payment or satisfaction of all amounts 
then due and unpaid under the Transaction 
Documents to the Trustee and/or any Appointee 
(including any Taxes required to be paid, the costs 
of realising any security and the Trustee's 
remuneration);
(b) SECONDLY (without duplication), in payment or 
satisfaction of all amounts then due and unpaid to 
any Agent under the Agency Agreement and to the 
Custodian 
under 
the 
Custody 
Agreement 
(including any Taxes required to be paid and the 
Agents' and the Custodian's remuneration);
(c) THIRDLY, if an Arranger Insolvency Event has 
occurred and is continuing, in payment or 
satisfaction of any fees payable by the Issuer in 
connection with the maintenance of its corporate 
existence, including any audit fees, taxes, legal fees, 
anticipated winding up fees, (in the case of the Irish 
Issuer) the Irish Issuer Profit Amount, corporate 
benefit fees, governmental and other regulatory fees 
and fees and expenses payable to the administrator 
of the Issuer under the relevant agreement(s) 
appointing such administrator and any ancillary 
agreements relating to the Issuer's corporate 
existence (such amounts to be communicated to the 
Trustee and apportioned pro rata among all 
outstanding Series of the Issuer);
(d) FOURTHLY, in meeting the claims of the Swap 
Counterparty under the Swap Agreement (if any);
(e) FIFTHLY, in meeting the claims of Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A pursuant to a Regulatory Treatment Event; 
(f) SIXTHLY, in meeting the claims of the Holders 
under the Securities on a pari passu and pro rata 
basis; and

--- Page 25 ---
25
(g) SEVENTHLY, in payment or delivery, as 
applicable, of the balance (if any) to the Issuer 
(without prejudice to, or liability in respect of, any 
question as to how such payment or delivery to the 
Issuer shall be dealt with as between the Issuer and 
any other person).
For the avoidance of doubt, the Swap Counterparty 
(if any) shall not have any claim in respect of the 
Issuer's Rights under the Swap Agreement (including 
any Credit Support Annex).
5.2 Following the security becoming enforceable in 
accordance with the terms of the Security Documents, 
the Trustee will hold the Realisation Amount plus the 
Swap Termination Amount (if any) on trust to apply 
such amount as set out in (a) to (f) below:
(a) FIRST, in payment or satisfaction of all amounts 
then due and unpaid under the Transaction 
Documents to the Trustee and/or any Appointee 
(including any Taxes required to be paid, the costs 
of realising any security and the Trustee's 
remuneration);
(b) SECONDLY (without duplication), in payment or 
satisfaction of all amounts then due and unpaid to 
any Agent under the Agency Agreement and to the 
Custodian 
under 
the 
Custody 
Agreement 
(including any Taxes required to be paid and the 
Agents' and the Custodian's remuneration);
(c) THIRDLY, if an Arranger Insolvency Event has 
occurred and is continuing, in payment or 
satisfaction of any fees payable by the Issuer in 
connection with the maintenance of its corporate 
existence, including any audit fees, taxes, legal fees, 
anticipated winding up fees, (in the case of the Irish 
Issuer) the Irish Issuer Profit Amount, corporate 
benefit fees, governmental and other regulatory fees 
and fees and expenses payable to the administrator 
of the Issuer under the relevant agreement(s) 
appointing such administrator and any ancillary 
agreements relating to the
Issuer's corporate 
existence (such amounts to be communicated to the 
Trustee and apportioned pro rata among all 
outstanding Series of the Issuer);
(d) FOURTHLY, in meeting the claims of the Swap 
Counterparty under the Swap Agreement (if any);
(e) FIFTHLY, in meeting the claims of the Holders 
under the Securities on a pari passu and pro rata 
basis; and

--- Page 26 ---
26
(f) SIXTHLY, in payment or delivery, as applicable, 
of the balance (if any) to the Issuer (without 
prejudice to, or liability in respect of, any question
as to how such payment or delivery to the Issuer 
shall be dealt with as between the Issuer and any 
other person).
For the avoidance of doubt, the Swap Counterparty shall 
not have any claim in respect of the Issuer's Rights under 
the Swap Agreement (including any Credit Support 
Annex).”
Signed on behalf of LUMINIS FINANCE PLC
By: ..............................................................................
Duly authorised signatory

--- Page 27 ---
27
PART B
OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Listing and admission to trading:
Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for Tranche 1 of the Securities to be admitted to trading on 
the SeDeX market, a multilateral trading facility of 
securitised derivatives financial instruments, organised 
and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. ("SeDeX"). The 
admission to trading of a Tranche of the Securities is 
expected to be on or around the Issue Date of such 
Tranche.
No assurances can be given that such application for 
admission to trading will be granted (or, if granted will be 
granted on the Issue Date of such Tranche).
The Issuer has no duty to maintain the listing (if any) of 
the Securities on the relevant stock exchange(s) over their 
entire lifetime. The Securities may be suspended from 
trading and/or de-listed at any time in accordance with 
applicable rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange(s).
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
€4,500
2.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
As far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Securities has an interest material to the offer. The 
Issuer will pay third parties to carry out advertising activities. Please see section “Distribution – Offer Period” below.
3.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES
(i)
Reasons for the offer:
The net proceeds from Tranche 1 of the Securities will be 
applied by the Issuer to purchase the Initial Charged 
Assets applicable to the Series and/or to fund any initial 
payment obligations under
the
Swap Agreement 
(including the Credit Support Annex) and/or in meeting 
certain expenses and fees payable in connection with the 
operations of the Issuer and the issue of the Securities.
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds:
EUR 20,000,000 (in respect of the issuance of Tranche 1
of the Securities on the Issue Date of such Tranche).
(iii)
Estimated total expenses:
Not Applicable
4.
YIELD (Fixed Rate Securities only)
Indication of yield:
Not Applicable
5.
PERFORMANCE OF RATES OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
INDEX ASSET

--- Page 28 ---
28
Information relating to the Index can be found on the website of the Index Sponsor, at
https://research.ftserussell.com/products/downloads/FTSE_MIB_Index__English_.pdf
The interest amount payable on the Securities is linked to the value or performance of the Index as of the Final 
Valuation Date.
Therefore, the market price or the value of the Securities at any time is expected to be affected by changes in 
the value of the Index to which the Securities are linked.
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(i)
ISIN:
XS2576261304
(ii)
Common Code:
257626130
(iii)
CFI:
DAVNFR
(iv)
FISN:
LUMINIS FINANCE/VARASST BKD 2029061
(v)
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s):
Not Applicable
(vi)
Delivery:
Delivery free of payment
(vii)
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:
No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Issue Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Securities 
are capable of meeting them the Securities may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Securities will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
at any time during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.
7.
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
Not Applicable
(ii)
Name and address of Dealer:
Goldman Sachs International
Plumtree Court
25 Shoe Lane
London
EC4A 4AU
Dealer Securities Depositary Account Details: EC 94589
(iii)
Total commission, concession and/or 
fees:
The Issuer will pay third parties to carry out advertising 
activities. Please see “Offer Period” below.
(iv)
Non-exempt Offer:
As specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 29 ---
29
(v)
Public Offer Jurisdictions:
As specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(vi)
Offer Period:
As specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(vii)
Financial 
intermediaries 
granted 
specific consent to use the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with the 
Conditions in it:
The Dealer.
(viii)
Other Authorised Offeror Terms:
Not Applicable
(ix)
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
Applicable
(x)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:
Not Applicable
(xi)
Swiss withdrawal right pursuant to 
article 63 para 5 FinSO:
Applicable
8.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER
Offer Price:
The Securities will be offered at the market price which 
will be determined by the Dealer on a continuous basis in 
accordance with the market conditions then prevailing.
Depending on market conditions, the offer price shall be 
equal, higher or lower than the Issue Price of the 
Securities.
Method Investments & Advisory Ltd (in its capacity as 
appointed specialist under the SeDeX rules) (the 
"Specialist") will publish offer prices (and bid prices) at 
which the Specialist is prepared to sell (and purchase) the 
Securities on the SeDeX.
Conditions to which the offer is subject:
Not Applicable
Description of the application process:
Securities
may 
be 
purchased 
from 
any 
market 
intermediary approved and admitted to trading on the 
SeDeX by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (each, an "Authorised 
Intermediary"), and purchase and settlement of the 
Securities shall be in accordance with the usual rules of the 
SeDeX.
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of 
application:
The maximum amount of application: Not Applicable.
The minimum amount of application: Unit value (as 
specified in paragraph 8 of the Contractual Terms).
Description of possibility to reduce subscriptions and 
manner for refunding excess amount paid by applicants:
Not Applicable
Details of the method and time limits for paying up and 
delivering the Securities:
Each Tranche of the Securities will be issued by the Issuer 
on the corresponding Issue Date of such Tranche and held 
by it in inventory. Investors may purchase the Securities
on SeDeX by payment of the purchase price to an

--- Page 30 ---
30
Authorised Intermediary. Purchase and sale contracts 
concluded on the SeDeX market shall be settled on the 
second day following their conclusion, subject to and in 
accordance with the applicable SeDeX rules.
Manner in and date on which results of the offer are to be 
made public:
Not Applicable.
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-emption, 
negotiability of subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised:
Not Applicable.
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for certain 
countries:
Not Applicable.
Process for notification to applicants of the amount 
allotted and the indication whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made:
Not Applicable.
No dealings in Securities may take place prior to the first 
day of trading of the Securities on SeDeX.
Amount of any expenses and taxes specifically charged to 
the subscriber or purchaser:
The Entry Costs (as described in Commission Delegated 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2017/653, 
which 
supplements 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014) contained in the price of 
the Securities as of the date of this Series Base Prospectus
are EUR 46.00 per Certificate. Such Entry Costs may 
change during the Offer Period and over the term of the 
Securities. For the amount of the Entry Costs at the time 
of purchase, please refer to the cost disclosure under 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014.
There are no expenses specifically charged by the Issuer 
or Dealer to the subscriber or purchaser other than as 
specified in this paragraph.
Please refer to "Irish Taxation" in the section entitled 
"Taxation" in the Base Prospectus.
Expenses, taxes and other fees may be charged by the 
Authorised 
Intermediary: 
potential 
purchasers 
of 
Certificates should check with the relevant Authorised 
Intermediary.
Conditions attached to the consent:
The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus and 
this Series Base Prospectus in connection with the making 
of an offer of the Securities to the public requiring the prior 
publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation (a "Non-exempt Offer") by the Dealer (the 
"Authorised Offeror") in the Public Offer Jurisdiction.
The Authorised Offeror (i) has the Issuer's consent to use 
the Base Prospectus and this Series Base Prospectus in 
respect of offers of the Securities made in the Public Offer 
Jurisdiction provided that it complies with all applicable 
laws and regulations, and (ii) has the Issuer's consent to 
use the Base Prospectus and this Series Base Prospectus in 
respect of private placements of the Securities that do not 
subject the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer to any

--- Page 31 ---
31
additional obligation to make any filing, registration, 
reporting or similar requirement with any financial 
regulator or other governmental or quasi-governmental 
authority or body or securities exchange, or subject any 
officer, director or employee of the Issuer or any affiliate 
of the Issuer to personal liability, where such private 
placements are conducted in compliance with the 
applicable laws of the relevant jurisdictions thereof.
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent known to the Issuer, 
of the placers in the various countries where the offer takes 
place.
The Dealer.
Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and 
description of the main terms of their commitment:
Method Investments & Advisory Ltd
40 New Bond Street 
London
W1S 2RX
United Kingdom
9.
BENCHMARK REGULATION
Benchmark Regulation: Article 29(2) statement on 
benchmarks:
Applicable.
Amounts payable under the Securities are calculated by 
reference to FTSE MIB Index, which is provided by FTSE 
International Limited.
As at the date of this Series Base Prospectus, FTSE 
International Limited is not included in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
"BMR").
10.
POST ISSUANCE REPORTING
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post issuance 
information in relation to the Securities or in relation to the 
Charged Assets, unless required to do so by applicable 
law.
11.
BOARD APPROVAL
The issue of Tranche 1 of the Securities has been 
authorised by the Board on 27 January 2023. With respect 
to each other relevant Tranche of Securities, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.
12.
REPLACEMENT AND TERMINATION OF 
CALCULATION AGENT
Not Applicable
13.
RATINGS
Not Applicable
14.
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
Not Applicable
15.
OPINIONS
The Securities are not covered by the Irish law Master 
Opinion and English law Master Opinion.

--- Page 32 ---
32
INDEX DISCLAIMER
FTSE MIB Index
The Securities are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by FTSE International Limited (“FTSE”) or the 
London Stock Exchange Group companies (“LSEG”) (together the “Licensor Parties”) and none of the Licensor Parties 
make any claim, prediction, warranty or representation whatsoever, expressly or impliedly, either as to (i) the results to be 
obtained from the use of FTSE MIB Index (upon which the Securities are based), (ii) the figure at which FTSE MIB Index 
is said to stand at any particular time on any particular day or otherwise, or (iii) the suitability of the Index for the purpose 
to which it is being put in connection with the Securities. None of the Licensor Parties have provided or will provide any 
financial or investment advice or recommendation in relation to the Index to the Issuer or to its clients. FTSE MIB Index 
is calculated by FTSE or its agent. None of the Licensor Parties shall be (a) liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to 
any person for any error in the Index or (b) under any obligation to advise any person of any error therein. All rights in the 
Index vest in FTSE. “FTSE®” is a trade mark of LSEG and is used by FTSE under licence.

--- Page 33 ---
33
SCHEDULE 1 TO THE ISSUE TERMS:
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche of the Securities, subject only to the 
deletion of non-applicable provisions, is set out below. Prospective investors in each Tranche of the Securities 
should read the Summary provided in Schedule 1 (Summary) to these Final Terms.
[date]
LUMINIS FINANCE PLC
(a public limited company incorporated in Ireland with registration number 635696, with a registered office at 32 
Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 54930067RSRCM166RP48
(the "Issuer")
FINAL TERMS
Issue of
Series 2023-01
Up to 200,000 Index Linked Certificates due 2029
(the "Certificates" or the "Securities")
under the Limited Recourse Securities Programme
Arranger and Dealer
Goldman Sachs International
The Securities have the terms as set out in the Issue Terms dated 03 March 2023 as completed by these final terms (the 
"Final Terms"), which will complete the Registered Securities Base Conditions Module, August 2022 Edition (the 
"Registered Securities Base Conditions Module"), the General Definitions Module, August 2022 Edition (the "General 
Definitions Module") and the Index Conditions Module, August 2022 Edition (the "Index Linked Conditions Module") 
(together, the "Conditions").  
The Registered Securities Base Conditions Module, the General Definitions Module and the Index Linked Conditions 
Module are set out in the Base Prospectus dated 08 August 2022 (together, the “Base Prospectus”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus
and the series base prospectus dated 03 March 2023 (the “Series Base Prospectus”). Full information on the Issuer and 
the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Issue Terms, the Series 
Base Prospectus, the Registered Securities Base Conditions Module, the Index Linked Conditions Module, the General 
Definitions Module and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at www.live.euronext.com and 
during normal business hours copies may be obtained from The Bank of New York Mellon, 160 Queen Victoria Street, 
London, EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom.
1.
Tranche Number:
[●]

--- Page 34 ---
34
2.
Date on which the Securities will be consolidated 
and form a single Series:
[●] 
3.
Issue Date:
[●] 
4.
Trade Date:
[●] 
5.
Aggregate Number of Certificates in the Series:
[●] (including the Certificates issued in this Tranche), 
provided that the Number of Units shall not exceed 
200,000.
6.
Aggregate Number of Certificates
in the 
Tranche:
[●] 
7.
Issue Price:
EUR [●] per Certificate
8.
Listing and admission to trading:
Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for Tranche [Tranche Number to be specified] of the 
Securities to be admitted to trading on the SeDeX market, 
a multilateral trading facility of securitised derivatives 
financial instruments, organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. ("SeDeX"). The admission to trading of
Tranche [Tranche Number to be specified] of the 
Securities is expected to be on or around the Issue Date of 
such Tranche.
No assurances can be given that such application for 
admission to trading will be granted (or, if granted will be 
granted on the Issue Date of such Tranche).
The Issuer has no duty to maintain the listing (if any) of 
the Securities on the relevant stock exchange(s) over their 
entire lifetime. The Securities may be suspended from 
trading and/or de-listed at any time in accordance with 
applicable rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange(s).
9.
Public Offer Jurisdictions: 
Italy
10.
Non-exempt Offer:
An offer of the Securities of this Tranche may be made by 
the Dealer other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation in the Republic of Italy (the "Public 
Offer Jurisdiction") during the period commencing on 
(and including) the day on which the Securities of this 
Tranche are admitted to trading on the SeDeX and ending 
on (and including) the date on which the Dealer ceases to 
carry on active marketing activities in respect of the 
Securities of such Tranche in the Public Offer Jurisdiction, 
which date is expected to fall on or around [●] (the "Offer 
Period"). 
11.
Offer Period:
As specified under Non-exempt Offer above.
The Issuer will pay third parties to carry out advertising 
activities.

--- Page 35 ---
35
The Offer Period is subject to adjustment by or on behalf 
of the Issuer in accordance with the applicable regulations 
and any adjustments to such period will be set out in one 
or 
more 
notices 
to 
be 
made 
available 
on 
https://www.goldman-sachs.it/
The offer of the Securities of this Tranche may be 
withdrawn in whole or in part at any time at the discretion 
of the Issuer or the Dealer and any such withdrawal will be 
set out in one or more notices to be made available on 
https://www.goldman-sachs.it/
12.
Performance Amount:
[specify][Reference Price (Final) / Reference Price (Initial) 
-100%] / [Max (100%, Reference Price (Final) / Reference 
Price (Initial) -100%)]
13.
Board Approval:
[●]
Responsibility
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.
These Final Terms are hereby executed by or on behalf of the Issuer.
For and on behalf of 
LUMINIS FINANCE PLC
By………………………………………

--- Page 36 ---
36
SCHEDULE 1 TO THE FINAL TERMS:
SUMMARY
[Summary to be appended to a completed Final Terms in respect of each issue of a Tranche]

--- Page 37 ---
37
PART C
SWAP AGREEMENT TERMS
INDEX LINKED INTEREST RATE SWAP CONFIRMATION

--- Page 38 ---
38
INDEX LINKED INTEREST RATE SWAP CONFIRMATION
Date:
[●]
To:
LUMINIS FINANCE PLC (the "Issuer")
From:
Goldman Sachs International (the "Swap Counterparty")
Re:
Index Linked Interest Rate Swap Transaction relating to Index Linked Certificates due 2029 (the 
"Securities")
Swap reference number: [●]
Dear Sir or Madam:
The purpose of this letter (this "Confirmation") is to confirm the terms and conditions of the Index Linked Interest Rate 
Swap Transaction entered into between us on the Trade Date specified below (the "Transaction"). This Confirmation 
constitutes a "Confirmation" as referred to in the ISDA Master Agreement specified below.
The definitions and provisions contained in the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (the "Definitions"), as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., are incorporated into this Confirmation. In the 
event of any inconsistency between the Definitions and this Confirmation, this Confirmation will govern. References 
herein to a "Transaction" shall be deemed to be references to a "Swap Transaction" for the purposes of the Definitions.
This Confirmation supplements, forms a part of, and is subject to, the ISDA Master Agreement dated as of the Issue Date 
of the Securities, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Agreement"), entered into between you and us 
by our execution of the Trust Instrument (as the same may be amended, modified and/or supplemented from time to time) 
dated [●], (the “Trust Instrument”) between us and certain other persons for purposes including constituting the 
Securities. All provisions contained in the Agreement govern this Confirmation except as expressly modified below. Words 
and expressions defined in the Series Base Prospectus dated 03 March 2023 relating to the Securities (as the same may be 
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, the "Series Base Prospectus") will bear the same meanings in this 
Confirmation and, except as otherwise provided herein, in the event of any inconsistency between words and meanings 
defined in the Series Base Prospectus and words and expressions defined in this Confirmation, this Confirmation will 
govern.
1.
General Terms
Trade Date:
[●]
Effective Date:
Issue Date of the Securities
Termination Date:
One Business Day prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date of the 
Securities, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention, and subject as provided below.
Notional Amount:
The product of the (a) Number of Units (subject to (x) any 
increase pursuant to the issuance of any Further Fungible 
Securities and (y) any decrease pursuant to a redemption of the 
Securities) and (b) the Unit Value. 
Business Days:
London and TARGET2
Business Day Convention:
Modified Following Business Day Convention
Calculation Agent:
Swap Counterparty
Initial Exchange:

--- Page 39 ---
39
Initial Exchange Date:
Each Issue Date in respect of a Tranche of the Securities
Swap 
Counterparty 
Initial 
Exchange 
Amount:
(a) EUR [●] in respect of the Initial Exchange Date falling on 
the Issue Date of Tranche 1, and 
(b) such amount as notified by the Swap Counterparty to the 
Issuer in respect of each other Initial Exchange Date.
Issuer Initial Exchange Amount:
The Issue Price multiplied by the Notional Amount on the Issue 
Date.
Fixed Amount I Payments:
Fixed Amount Payer I:
Issuer 
Fixed Amount I Payment Dates:
Each date falling one Business Day after the date on which a 
scheduled payment of an interest amount is due to a holder of 
the Initial Charged Assets.
For the purposes of determining a Fixed Amount I Payment 
Date and the corresponding Fixed Amount I, whether a payment 
date or amount is “scheduled” is to be determined by reference 
to the terms of relevant Initial Charged Assets as at the Trade 
Date and disregarding any terms allowing for non-payment, 
deferral or adjustments to any scheduled payments and any 
notice or grace period in respect thereof.
Fixed Amount I:
In respect of the Fixed Amount I Payment Date, an amount that 
is equal to the aggregate scheduled interest amounts due in 
respect of the Initial Charged Assets that the Issuer has agreed 
to purchase on or around the Issue Date in respect of the 
Securities, in each case assuming no deduction for or on account 
of any withholding tax, back-up withholding or other tax, duties 
or charges of whatever nature imposed by any authority of any 
jurisdiction.
Fixed Amount II Payments: 
Fixed Amount Payer II:
Swap Counterparty
Fixed Amount II Payment Date:
One Business Day preceding the Maturity Date, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention.
Fixed Amount II:
The Interest Amount due and payable under the Securities on 
such corresponding Fixed Amount II Payment Date.
Final Exchange:
Swap Counterparty Final Exchange Date:
Termination Date, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention.
Swap 
Counterparty 
Final 
Exchange 
Amount:
An amount that is equal to the aggregate of all Final Redemption 
Amounts that are payable by the Issuer in respect of the 
Securities on the Scheduled Maturity Date of the Securities.

--- Page 40 ---
40
Issuer Final Exchange Date:
One Business Day following the scheduled maturity date of the 
Initial Charged Assets, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention.
Issuer Final Exchange Amount:
An amount that is equal to the aggregate scheduled principal 
amounts due on the Initial Charged Assets that the Issuer has 
agreed to purchase on or around each Issue Date in respect of 
each Tranche of the Securities, in each case assuming no 
deduction for or on account of any withholding tax, back-up 
withholding or other tax, duties or charges of whatever nature 
imposed by any authority of any jurisdiction.
2.
Additional Provisions:
(a)
Early Redemption Event Trigger
If the Securities fall to be redeemed pursuant to Condition 8.4 (Early Redemption Events), as specified in Part 
1(n) of the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, the relevant Early Redemption Trigger Date shall be deemed 
to be an Early Termination Date in respect of the Transaction, and in respect of such termination, (i) the Issuer is 
the sole Affected Party, (ii) all Transactions are Affected Transactions and (iii) in respect of this Transaction and 
for the purposes of determining the Close-out Amount, no cashflows shall be deemed to have been payable under 
this Transaction for the Realisation Period.
(b)
Determination of Early Termination Amount
For the purpose of determining an Early Termination Amount under Section 6(e) of the Agreement (including in 
the determination of an amount payable from one party to another pursuant to Part 1(p)(i)(C)(aa), Part 
1(p)(i)(D)(aa) or Part 1(q)(i) of the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement), the Close-out Amount in respect 
of the Transaction shall be determined as if the Securities have not been redeemed or cancelled prior to their 
Scheduled Maturity Date.
(c)
Payment of Early Termination Amount
Where an Early Termination Amount is determined in accordance with Section 6(e) of the Agreement as a result 
of an early redemption of the Securities in accordance with Condition 8.4 (Early Redemption Events) thereof, and 
such Early Termination Amount is due from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty, notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in the Agreement, such amount shall only be payable on the Early Redemption Payment Date in 
accordance with Condition 5 (Application of Secured Property) of the Securities.
3.
Representations:
Each party will be deemed, as of the Trade Date:
(a)
to represent to the other party that it is entering into the Transaction for investment, financial 
intermediation, hedging or other commercial purposes; and
(b)
to agree with the other party that, so long as either party has or may have any obligation to the other 
party under the Transaction:
(i)
Non-reliance
It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into the 
Transaction and as to whether the Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own 
judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary.  It is not relying on 
any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a 
recommendation to enter into the Transaction; it being understood that information and 
explanations related to the terms and conditions of the Transaction will not be considered

--- Page 41 ---
41
investment advice or a recommendation to enter into the Transaction.  It has not received from 
the other party any assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of the Transaction.
(ii)
Evaluation and understanding
It is capable of evaluating and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent 
professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of the 
Transaction.  It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the financial and other risks of the 
Transaction.
(iii)
Hedging
Each party may hedge its obligations under the Transaction by entering into another swap or 
similar transaction with the other party or with a third party.
(iv)
Status of parties
The other party is not acting as a fiduciary or an advisor for it in respect of Transaction.
4.
Notice and Account Details:
Notice and Account Details for payments to Swap 
Counterparty:
Notice Details:
Address: 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court
25 Shoe Lane
London
EC4A 4AU
United Kingdom
Telephone no.:  +44 (0) 2070513984
Email Address: 
gs-ldn-sps@gs.com;
gs-spv-origination@ny.email.gs.com; 
GSSPV-NewIssuanceProgram- Legal@ny.email.gs.com
Account Details:
Intermediary Details
Routing Code: CHASDEFX
Name: J.P.Morgan AG
Location:  Frankfurt Am Main
Final Beneficiary Details
Routing Code: GSILGB2X
Name: Goldman Sachs International
Account: DE57501108006231605921
Reference: Luminis Finance Plc 2023-01 - XS2576261304
Notice and Account Details for payments to Issuer:
Notice Details:
Address:
Luminis Finance Plc
32 Molesworth Street
Dublin 2

--- Page 42 ---
42
D02 Y512
Ireland
Telephone no: +353 1697 3200
Email Address: MFDUBLIN@MAPLES.COM
Account Details:
Correspondent Bank: BNY Mellon, Frankfurt
SWIFT: IRVTDEFX 
Account: DE84503303004672009710
Beneficiary: The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch
SWIFT: IRVTGB2X
Reference: Luminis Finance Plc Series 2023-01 -
XS2576261304
Please confirm your agreement to be bound by the terms of the foregoing by executing a copy of this Confirmation and 
returning it to us at the contact information listed above.
Yours sincerely,
____________________________
For and on behalf of
GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL
Confirmed as of the 
date first above written:
LUMINIS FINANCE PLC
by: 
_____________________
Authorised Signature
Name:
Title:

--- Page 43 ---
43
PART D – CSA TERMS
Set out below are the relevant elections in respect of Paragraph 11 of the Credit Support Annex, insofar as 
they deviate from the CSA Terms Module.
Paragraph 11.  Elections and Variables
(a)
Base Currency and Eligible Currency.
(i)
"Base Currency" means Euro ("EUR"). 
(ii)
"Eligible Currency" means the Base Currency and, if different, U.S. dollars ("USD"), Euro 
("EUR"), pounds sterling ("GBP"), Canadian dollars (“CAD”), Japanese Yen ("JPY") and 
Swiss Francs ("CHF").
(b)
Credit Support Obligations.
Delivery Amount, Return Amount and Credit Support Amount.
(A)
"Delivery Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 2(a) provided, however, 
that:
(I)
Party A and Party B hereby agree that the demand for transfer to be made by 
the Transferee on or promptly following a Valuation Date, shall be deemed to 
have been made by the Transferee and received by the Transferor upon the 
Transferee's receipt of the notification made by the Valuation Agent under 
Paragraph 3(b); and 
(II)
where Party B is the Transferor, its obligation to transfer Eligible Credit 
Support shall at no time exceed the Value (determined as if such assets were 
comprised in a Credit Support Balance) of the Charged Assets that are then 
held by or on behalf of Party B and comprise Eligible Credit Support.
(B)
"Return Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 2(b) as amended in 
Paragraph 11(h)(i) of this Annex.
(C)
"Credit Support Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 10.
(ii)
Eligible Credit Support.  The following items will qualify as Eligible Credit Support for the 
party specified: 
Party A
Party B
Valuation 
Percentage
(A)
cash in an Eligible Currency
Applicable
Not 
Applicable
100%
(B)
Government or agency bonds in an Eligible 
Currency issued by a government or a 
government agency (as the case may be) in an 
Eligible Country.
Applicable
Not 
Applicable
99%

--- Page 44 ---
44
(C)
Government or agency bonds in an Eligible 
Currency issued by a government or a 
government agency (as the case may be) in an 
Additional Country, with a rating from S&P, 
Moody’s or Fitch greater than the Asset 
Rating or corporate bonds in an Eligible 
Currency issued by an issuer in an Eligible 
Country or an Additional Country, with a 
rating from S&P, Moody’s or Fitch greater 
than the Asset  Rating.
Applicable
Not 
Applicable
99%
(D)
Government or agency bonds in an Eligible 
Currency issued by a government or a 
government agency (as the case may be) in an 
Additional Country, with a rating from S&P, 
Moody’s or Fitch equal to the Asset Rating or 
corporate bonds in an Eligible Currency 
issued by an issuer in an Eligible Country or 
an Additional Country, with a rating from 
S&P, Moody’s or Fitch equal to the Asset 
Rating.
Applicable
Not 
Applicable
99%
(E)
The Initial Charged Assets and any assets 
substituted for such Initial Charged Assets in 
accordance with this Annex and Condition 4.5 
(Charged Asset Substitution), in each case to 
the extent not captured in the definitions 
above.
Applicable
Applicable
99%
For the purposes of this Paragraph 11(b)(ii): 
"Eligible Country" means Austria, Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, 
Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States. 
"Additional Country" means none.
"Asset Rating" means the rating assigned to the Initial Charged Assets as of the Trade Date by the 
relevant rating agency.
(iii)
Thresholds.
(A)
"Minimum Transfer Amount" means, with respect to Party A and Party B, 250,000 
units of the Base Currency, provided that if an Event of Default or Potential Event of 
Default under this Agreement has occurred and is continuing with respect to a party or 
an Additional Termination Event under this Agreement has occurred with respect to 
which a party is the sole Affected Party, the Minimum Transfer Amount with respect 
to such party shall be zero.
(c)
Valuation and Timing.
(i)
"Valuation Date" means each Local Business Day from and including the Issue Date in respect 
of Tranche 1 of the Securities to but excluding the Maturity Date.

--- Page 45 ---
45
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds of the issuance of the Series will be used by the Issuer to acquire the Initial Charged Assets.

--- Page 46 ---
46
GENERAL INFORMATION
1.
The issue of Tranche 1 of the Securities was authorised pursuant to a resolution passed by the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer on 27 January 2023.
2.
The base prospectus dated 08 August 2022
is available on the following website:
www.live.euronext.com. 
3.
The Securities have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
under Common Code 257626130. The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) is
XS2576261304.
4.
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information regarding, where applicable, 
performance of the Initial Charged Assets.
5.
Any websites included in the Base Prospectus or this Series Base Prospectus are for information 
purposes only and do not form part of the Base Prospectus or this Series Base Prospectus.
6.
The Issuer has appointed Goldman Sachs International as the Process Agent to receive, for it and on its 
behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England.
7.
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Series Base Prospectus, copies of the following
documents 
are 
available 
for 
inspection 
at 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin):
a.
copies of the up-to-date constitutional documents of the Issuer; and
b.
the Trust Terms Module (which includes the forms of the Global Securities and the Securities in 
definitive form and details of the terms and conditions on which the Trustee, as representative of 
the Holders, has been appointed).
8.
For as long as the Securities are admitted to trading on SeDeX, copies of the following documents will, 
when published (to the extent applicable), be available for inspection and/or collection in physical form 
during normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the 
registered office of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Principal Paying Agent in respect of 
such Securities:
(a) copies of the constitutional documents of the Issuer;
(b) the Trust Terms Module (which includes the forms of the Global Securities and the Securities in 
definitive form and details of the terms and conditions on which the Trustee, as representative 
of the Holders has been appointed), the Agency Terms Module, the Sale Terms Module, the 
Dealer Terms Module, the BNYM Custody Terms Module, the Swap Schedule Terms Module,
the Japanese Law Pledge Agreement Terms Module, the CSA Terms Module and the Index 
Linked Conditions Module;
(c) the Trust Instrument relating to this Series (and the documents incorporated therein, including, 
inter alia, the Agency Agreement, the Dealer Agreement, the Sale Agreement and the Custody 
Agreement), the Swap Agreement (including the Credit Support Annex), the Issue Terms in 
respect of the Securities and the Final Terms; and
(d) a copy of this Series Base Prospectus.

--- Page 47 ---
47
9.
The Issuer has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the relevant Issuer is aware) in the 12 
months preceding the date of this Series Base Prospectus which may have or have in such period had a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer.
10.
David McGuinness replaced Kate Macken as Director of the Issuer on 30 November 2022. His position 
within the Issuer is director and his business address is 32 Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland.
11.
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since the 
date of its most recently published audited annual financial statements.

--- Page 48 ---
48
THE ISSUER
Luminis Finance Plc
32 Molesworth Street
Dublin 2
Ireland
THE TRUSTEE
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee 
Services Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street
London
EC4V 4LA
United Kingdom
THE DEALER
Goldman Sachs 
International
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London 
EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom
THE CUSTODIAN, THE 
REGISTRAR AND THE 
TRANSFER AGENT
The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 Rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
THE VALUATION AGENT, THE 
SELLING AGENT AND
THE CALCULATION AGENT
Goldman Sachs International
Plumtree Court
25 Shoe Lane
London
EC4A 4AU
THE PRINCIPAL PAYING 
AGENT
The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street
London
EC4V 4LA
United Kingdom
LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE 
DEALER
Simmons & Simmons LLP
As to English Law
One Ropemaker Street
London
EC2Y 9SS
United Kingdom
As to Italian Law
Via Tommaso Grossi 2
20121 Milan
Italy

--- Page 49 ---
49
LISTING AGENT
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP
75 St Stephen’s Green
Dublin 2
Ireland
LEGAL ADVISOR TO THE ISSUER 
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP
75 St Stephen’s Green
Dublin 2
Ireland