--- Page 1 ---
10227697736-v33
70-41032654
 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the Base 
Prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") following this page, and you are therefore required to read this 
carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use of the Base Prospectus. In accessing the 
Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any 
modifications to them any time you receive any information from us as a result of such access. 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED OTHER THAN AS 
PROVIDED BELOW AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS MAY ONLY BE DISTRIBUTED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES 
TO PERSONS THAT ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE 
U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED ("THE SECURITIES ACT"). ANY 
FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS IN 
WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE 
MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS 
OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR 
THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION. 
THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL 
NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS. 
Confirmation of your Representation: In order to be eligible to view the Base Prospectus or make an 
investment decision with respect to the securities described in the Base Prospectus, you must be a 
person other than a U.S. person (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act) who 
is outside the United States. By accepting the email and accessing the Base Prospectus, you shall be 
deemed to represent that you are not, and that any customer represented by you is not, a U.S. person; 
the electronic mail address that you have given to us and to which this e-mail has been delivered is 
not located in the U.S., its territories and possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands), any State of the United 
States or the District of Columbia; and that you consent to delivery of the Base Prospectus by 
electronic transmission. 
You are reminded that the Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a 
person into whose possession the Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the 
laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located, and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver 
the Base Prospectus to any other person. 
Any materials relating to the potential offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection 
with, an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a 
jurisdiction requires that the potential offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and any 
underwriter or any affiliate of any underwriter is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, any 
offering shall be deemed to be made by the underwriter or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in 
such jurisdiction. 
Under no circumstances shall the Base Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an 
offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction. The Base Prospectus may only be communicated to 
persons in the United Kingdom in circumstances where section 21(1) of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 does not apply. 
The Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission 
and consequently no responsibility whatsoever will be accepted in respect of any difference between 
the Base Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and a hard copy version that may be 
made available to you.

--- Page 2 ---
10227697736-v33
70-41032654
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
LUMINOR BANK AS 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Estonia) 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note and Covered Bond Programme 
Under this EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note and Covered Bond Programme (the "Programme"), Luminor Bank AS 
("Luminor" or the "Issuer") may from time to time issue notes ("Notes") which may be unsubordinated ("Senior Preferred Notes" 
which may either be restricted senior preferred notes "Restricted Senior Preferred Notes" or unrestricted senior preferred notes 
"Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes" ) senior non-preferred ("Senior Non-Preferred Notes"), subordinated ("Subordinated 
Notes") or covered bonds (as defined in the Estonian Covered Bond Act; the "ECBA") (the "Covered Bonds"). Notes may be issued 
in bearer and/or registered form (respectively "Bearer Notes" and "Registered Notes") each denominated in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the Dealers (as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "CBI"), which is the Irish competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"), as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of notes ("Notes") issued under the Euro Medium Term Note 
and Covered Bond Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months after the 
date hereof. The CBI has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer 
nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of the Base Prospectus. Such approval relates only to the Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU ("EU MiFID II") and/or which 
are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months 
after the date hereof. Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for 
Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") 
and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the 
purposes of EU MiFID II. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or 
further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event 
of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Senior Preferred Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated by Moody's Investors Service Limited ("Moody's"). 
Moody's is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). Moody's appears on 
the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 23 February 2022) published by the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority ("FCA"). The rating which Moody's may give to the Senior Preferred Notes to be issued under the Programme may be 
endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH, which is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").  
In addition, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be rated. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks. Details of the 
administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, each such administrator's 
name appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") are set out in the 
section entitled "EU Benchmarks Regulation" on page 227 of this Base Prospectus. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Arranger 
Nordea 
Dealers 
Citigroup
Commerzbank
DNB
J.P. Morgan
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg
Luminor Bank AS, Lithuanian branch
Morgan Stanley
Nordea
UniCredit
Base Prospectus dated 28 April 2022

--- Page 3 ---
10227697736-v33
- i -
70-41032654
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms 
and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and/or Covered 
Bonds will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the 
"Conditions") as completed by a document specific to each such Tranche called final terms (the "Final 
Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described 
under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses". Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed 
on 
the 
Euronext 
Dublin 
will 
be 
published on 
the 
website 
of 
the Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).  
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche 
of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the 
context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" that this Base Prospectus 
contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) 
material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any 
material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made 
and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material 
fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the 
Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all 
proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
The Issuer confirms that any information sourced from third parties contained in this Base Prospectus has 
been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given 
or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the 
acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the 
issue and offering of the Notes. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the 
offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event 
reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial position or performance of 
the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any

--- Page 4 ---
10227697736-v33
- ii -
70-41032654
 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to 
the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") and Bearer Notes are subject 
to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or to U.S. persons. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. The Dealers have not 
provided any financial or taxation advice in connection with the Programme or Notes issued thereunder. 
Product Governance under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II") 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
EU MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID

--- Page 5 ---
10227697736-v33
- iii -
70-41032654
 
II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
Notice to investors in Canada: The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. 
Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or 
territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base 
Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for 
rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities 
legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions 
of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult 
with a legal advisor. Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the 
government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting 
Conflicts ("NI 33-105"), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-
105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with the offerings of the Notes contemplated 
in this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, 
subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription 
and Sale". 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area. 
References to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States dollars, references to "EUR", "€" 
or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction 
of the euro, as amended and references to "NOK" are to Norwegian kroner. 
References to the " Phase One Merger" describe the process by which the Issuer, formerly Aktsiaselts 
DNB Bank, acquired the assets and liabilities of Nordea Bank AB Estonia Branch, along with its shares in 
its leasing and pension companies and two real estate asset management companies. Reference to the

--- Page 6 ---
10227697736-v33
- iv -
70-41032654
 
"Phase Two Merger" described the subsequent cross-border merger of Luminor Estonia, Luminor Latvia 
and Luminor Lithuania, which was completed on 2 January 2019, when the Issuer acquired all the assets, 
rights and liabilities of Luminor Latvia and Luminor Lithuania. References to the "Luminor Group" or 
the "Group" are to Luminor Bank AS (together with its branches in Latvia and Lithuania) and its 
consolidated subsidiaries. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law 
is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Language 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to 
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes 
will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed 
in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate 
whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer 
does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price 
of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may 
cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 7 ---
10227697736-v33
- v -
70-41032654
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
References in this Base Prospectus to the financial statements for 2020 and 2021 of Luminor or the Luminor 
Group, are to the audited consolidated financial statements of Luminor Bank AS for the year ended 31 
December 2020 ("2020 Financial Statements") and to the audited consolidated financial statements of 
Luminor Bank AS for the year ended 31 December 2021 ("2021 Financial Statements") respectively, each 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Such financial statements have been prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union ("IFRS"). 
Unless stated otherwise, financial information presented in the Base Prospectus is derived from the 2020 
Financial Statements and the 2021 Financial Statements. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus contains certain financial measures that are not defined or recognised under IFRS and 
which are considered to be "alternative performance measures" as defined in the "ESMA Guidelines on 
Alternative Performance Measures" issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 October 
2015 (the "Alternative Performance Measures" or "APMs"). Such APMs are described in detail in "Key 
Financial Ratios and Alternative Performance Measures of the Luminor Group". 
Key Factors Affecting Comparability 
Certain Presentation Changes in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for 
the year ended 31 December 2021  
In connection with the preparation of the 2021 Financial Statements, the Group changed the presentation 
of certain items in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. In particular, 
certain positions related to other net income from Luminor's financial assets/liabilities have been 
consolidated into "Net other financial income".  
In relation to the presentation change discussed above, comparative data for 2020 was revised accordingly. 
The effect of the changes in presentation of comparative data is summarised in the following table. 
1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 
As restated 
Change 
As 
previously 
reported 
million EUR
Net other financial income 
13.2
13.2
-
Net gain on debt securities at fair value through profit or loss
-
(8.4)
8.4
Net gain on financial assets and liabilities held for trading
-
(4.8)
4.8
 
Certain Presentation Changes in the Statement of Financial Position as at 31 December 2021 
In connection with the preparation of the 2021 Financial Statements, the Group changed the presentation 
of certain items in the consolidated statement of financial position. The major changes were related to: 
Luminor’s investments in debt and equity securities were previously presented on the face of Statement of 
Financial Position based on the accounting treatment as Financial assets held for trading, Financial assets 
at fair value through profit or loss and Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. 
This changed to presentation by type of investment (Debt securities and Equity securities). 
In relation to the presentation change discussed above, comparative data as of 31 December 2020 was 
revised accordingly. The effect of the changes in presentation of comparative data is summarised in the 
following table. 
31 December 2020 
As restated 
Change 
As 
previously 
reported 
 
million EUR
Debt Securities
284.3
284.3
-

--- Page 8 ---
10227697736-v33
- vi -
70-41032654
 
31 December 2020 
As restated 
Change 
As 
previously 
reported 
 
million EUR
Equity instruments 
2.8
2.8
-
Financial assets held for trading
-
(2.9)
2.9
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
-
(284.1)
284.1
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
-
(0.1)
0.1
Share capital and premium
1,447.1
1,447.1
-
Issued capital
-
(34.9)
34.9
Share premium
-
(1,412.2)
1,412.2
 
The information presented in this Base Prospectus has been provided on the revised presentation basis, 
where applicable. 
The changes described above have been introduced in order to present the Group's activities in a better and 
more transparent way. More details can be found in the explanatory notes to the 2021 Financial Statements.

--- Page 9 ---
10227697736-v33
70-41032654
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 10 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 51 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................ 52 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 53 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 59 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES ......................................................................................... 106 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............. 123 
KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS AND ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES OF THE 
LUMINOR GROUP ................................................................................................................................. 125 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 127 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER........................................................................................................... 128 
MARKET ENVIRONMENT ................................................................................................................... 149 
THE ESTONIAN HOUSING MORTGAGE MARKET ......................................................................... 152 
THE LATVIAN HOUSING MORTGAGE MARKET ........................................................................... 161 
THE LITHUANIAN HOUSING MORTGAGE MARKET .................................................................... 171 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE QUALIFYING COVER POOL ............................................................ 178 
OVERVIEW OF ESTONIAN REGULATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS ............................. 182 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION ..................................................................................................... 202 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 203 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 205 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 209

--- Page 10 ---
10227697736-v33
- 1 -
70-41032654
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base 
Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus 
as a whole and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980.  
Issuer: 
Luminor Bank AS 
Programme Amount: 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one 
time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Arranger: 
Nordea Bank Abp (the "Arranger") 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note and Covered Bond Programme 
Dealers: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, DNB Bank ASA, J.P. 
Morgan SE, Landesbank Baden-Württemberg, Luminor Bank AS, 
represented within the Republic of Lithuania by Luminor Bank AS 
Lithuanian branch, Morgan Stanley Europe SE and UniCredit Bank 
AG  
 
(together with the Arranger, the "Dealers") 
Fiscal Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch (the "Fiscal Agent") 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe Plc (the "Registrar") 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in Euros or in any other currency or 
currencies, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Method of Issue: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will 
all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and the 
amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect of 
different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to 
identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes 
of different denominations. 
Denominations: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements), save that the minimum denomination of each Note will 
be €100,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency). 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued 
under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to trading 
on its regulated market.

--- Page 11 ---
10227697736-v33
- 2 -
70-41032654
 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued as Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes or Covered 
Bonds, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be. 
The rights of holders of Notes shall be subject to any present or future 
Estonian laws or regulations relating to the insolvency, recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms in Estonia which 
are or will be applicable to the Notes only as a result of the operation 
of such laws or regulations. 
 
Senior Preferred Notes 
The 
Senior 
Preferred 
Notes 
constitute 
senior, 
unsecured, 
unsubordinated, direct, general and unconditional obligations of the 
Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and 
at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred 
by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application. 
Senior Preferred Notes may be Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or 
Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves. 
 
In the event of the winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, 
the rights and claims (if any) of holders of any Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes to payments of the outstanding principal amount and any other 
amounts in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including any 
accrued but unpaid interest amount or damages or other payments 
awarded for breach of any obligations under the Conditions, if any are 
payable) shall: 
(i) 
be subordinated to the claims of all depositors and other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer which are accepted in 
the relevant proceedings, provided that in each case such 
claims are not by mandatory provisions of law ranked, or by 
their terms expressed to rank, pari passu with the claims of 
holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
 
(ii) 
rank at least pari passu with the claims of all other creditors 
of the Issuer which in each case by law rank, or by their terms 
are expressed to rank, pari passu with the claims of holders 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
 
(iii) 
rank senior to any Junior Securities of the Issuer. 
 
Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Capital and obligations 
in relation to any related Coupons resulting therefrom constitute direct 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu without 
any preference among themselves. The Subordinated Notes that do 
not qualify as Tier 2 Capital and obligations in relation to any related 
Coupons resulting therefrom constitute direct and unsecured

--- Page 12 ---
10227697736-v33
- 3 -
70-41032654
 
obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves. 
In the event of the winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, 
the rights and claims (if any) of the holders of Subordinated Notes to 
payments of the outstanding principal amount and any other amounts 
in respect of the Subordinated Notes (including any accrued but 
unpaid interest amount or damages or other payments awarded for 
breach of any obligations under the Conditions (if payable)) shall: 
(i) 
be subordinated to the claims of all Senior Creditors; 
(ii) 
rank at least pari passu with the claims of all subordinated 
creditors of the Issuer which in each case by law rank, or by 
their terms are expressed to rank (to the extent such ranking 
is recognised by applicable law), pari passu with the 
Subordinated Notes; and 
(iii) 
rank senior to any obligations of the Issuer which in each 
case by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank (to 
the extent such ranking is recognised by applicable law), 
junior to the Subordinated Notes. 
 
Covered Bonds 
The European Central Bank has granted to the Issuer an additional 
licence to issue covered bonds in accordance with the Estonian 
Covered Bond Act, "ECBA", which is effective as of 19 December 
2019. The Covered Bonds are issued as covered bonds under the 
ECBA and constitute direct and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. The Covered Bonds are covered by a cover pool comprising of 
the claims of the Issuer arising from Mortgage Loans (as defined in 
the Conditions) and certain other types of assets which qualify as 
substitute cover assets under the ECBA and are registered in the cover 
register maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the ECBA 
("Cover Pool"). The Covered Bonds rank pari passu among 
themselves and with Derivative Instruments (as defined in the 
Conditions) registered in the cover register in accordance with the 
ECBA. On declaration of the Issuer's bankruptcy and in certain other 
events stipulated in the ECBA the Covered Bonds together with the 
Cover Pool and the Derivative Instruments ("Covered Bond 
Portfolio") will be separated from other assets and liabilities of the 
Issuer and form an independent pool of designated assets to be 
managed in accordance with the ECBA and to be used solely to satisfy 
the claims of Covered Bondholders and of the counterparties to the 
Derivative Instrument and to cover the expenses related to the 
management of the Covered Bond Portfolio. Pursuant to Estonian law, 
the separation of the Covered Bonds Portfolio will not affect the 
liability of the Issuer for the claims arising from the Covered Bonds. 
Furthermore, the payment obligations arising from the Covered Bonds 
are not subject to automatic acceleration upon the separation of the 
Covered Bond Portfolio, except as otherwise provided by the ECBA. 
If the Covered Bond Portfolio becomes insolvent, to the extent that 
claims of the Covered Bondholders in relation to the Covered Bonds 
are not satisfied in the course of the bankruptcy proceedings of the 
Covered Bond Portfolio, the residual claims of the Covered 
Bondholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer save for such obligations as 
may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application.

--- Page 13 ---
10227697736-v33
- 4 -
70-41032654
 
The statutory cover conferred on holders of the Covered Bonds by the 
ECBA extends to Mortgage Loans owned by the Issuer and certain 
other types of assets which qualify as substitute cover assets under the 
ECBA that are included in the Cover Pool (jointly "Eligible Assets"). 
The composition of the portfolio of Mortgage Loans and other Eligible 
Assets may change from time to time due to, for example, the 
inclusion and removal of Mortgage Loans and other Eligible Assets to 
and from the Cover Pool from time to time by the Issuer, subject to 
the fulfilment of the requirements of the ECBA. Claims of the 
Covered Bondholders will not be backed by assets of the Issuer which 
do not qualify for this purpose or which are not included in the Cover 
Pool, nor will any security be taken over the Issuer's rights under any 
agreements entered into by the Issuer in relation to the Programme or 
Notes issued thereunder. 
Waiver of Set-Off: 
Senior Preferred Notes  
No holder of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes shall be entitled to 
exercise any right of set off or counterclaim against moneys owed by 
the Issuer in respect of such Restricted Senior Preferred Notes. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes 
No holder of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes shall 
be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against 
moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Subordinated Notes. 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either: (1) pursuant 
to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (2) pursuant to 
a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be the Conditions as completed by 
the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, as supplemented, 
amended and/or replaced by the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price. The price and amount of Notes to 
be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and may vary during the 
lifetime of the relevant series. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or in registered 
form ("Registered Notes"). Bearer Notes will not be exchangeable for 
Registered Notes and Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for 
Bearer Notes. No single Series or Tranche may comprise both Bearer 
Notes and Registered Notes. 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary Global Note") or a 
permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note"), in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms (each a "Global Note"). Each 
Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new global note 
form ("NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which 
is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a

--- Page 14 ---
10227697736-v33
- 5 -
70-41032654
 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for 
Definitive Notes. Certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
will be a condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a 
Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest in 
respect of a Temporary Global Note. 
 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-
bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further 
Coupons. 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by either 
Individual Note Certificates or a Global Registered Note, in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Registered Note 
which is not intended to be held under the new safekeeping structure 
("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, will be registered in the name of a common depositary 
(or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global 
Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the 
common depositary. Each Global Registered Note intended to be held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, will be registered in the name of a common safekeeper 
(or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global 
Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, Notes will 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable) on the 
Maturity Date. 
Optional Redemption: 
Subject to certain Conditions, Notes may be redeemed before the 
Maturity Date at the option of the Issuer (as described in Condition 
9(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer)) or at the option of the Noteholders (as described in Condition 
9(f) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders)), to the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable.  
No redemption at the option of the Noteholders is permitted for 
Covered Bonds. 
 
There are additional restrictions on the optional redemption of 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes, as mentioned in Condition 9(m) (Redemption 
and Purchase - Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase). 
Early Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above (and subject to 
certain conditions), early redemption will only be permitted for tax 
reasons, as described in Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption for tax reasons). 
 
In relation to Subordinated Notes, if specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, early redemption in whole (but not in part) is 
permitted as a result of a Capital Event as described in Condition 9(h) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Early Redemption of Subordinated Notes 
as a result of a Capital Event), or as a result of a Withholding Tax

--- Page 15 ---
10227697736-v33
- 6 -
70-41032654
 
Event or, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a Tax 
Event, each as described in Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase 
– Redemption for tax reasons), or if specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, following the MREL Disqualification Event 
Effective Date, an MREL Disqualification Event. 
 
In relation to Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, redemption is permitted as a result of an MREL 
Disqualification Event (if specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms), a Tax Event (if specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms), a Withholding Tax Event or at the option of the Issuer, in each 
case subject to the Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 
9(m) (Redemption and Purchase - Conditions to Redemption or 
Repurchase), to the extent applicable. Early redemption will 
otherwise be permitted only to the extent specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Notes denominated in Pounds Sterling may not be 
redeemed prior to one year and one day from the date of issue.  
 
There are additional restrictions on the early redemption of Restricted 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes, as mentioned in Condition 9(m) (Redemption and Purchase - 
Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase). 
Extended Maturity Date: 
The relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be, may provide that an Extended Maturity Date applies to the 
Covered Bonds. 
 
If: 
(a) 
an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(b) 
a bankruptcy, compulsory dissolution or another event 
described in Condition 9(n)(i)(B) (Redemption and Purchase 
– Extension of maturity to Extended Maturity Date) has 
occurred in respect of the Issuer: and 
(c) 
as a result of such an event, the Covered Bonds are not 
redeemed in full on the Maturity Date at their Final 
Redemption Amount or within three Business Days 
thereafter, 
the maturity of the Covered Bonds and the date on which such 
Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for the purposes of the 
Terms and Conditions will be automatically extended to the Extended 
Maturity Date, subject as otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. In that event, the Issuer shall redeem the outstanding principal 
amount of such Covered Bonds at their Final Redemption Amount on 
the Extended Maturity Date. In addition, all or any part of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds may be redeemed on any 
Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to and 
including the Extended Maturity Date or as otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable). In each 
of the above scenarios, the Issuer shall give notice to the Covered 
Bondholders and to the Paying Agents in accordance with Condition 
9(n)(i)(C) (Redemption and Purchase – Extension of maturity to 
Extended Maturity Date). 
 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable) and, as a result of any of the 
events specified in Condition 9(n) (Redemption and Purchase –

--- Page 16 ---
10227697736-v33
- 7 -
70-41032654
 
Extension of maturity to Extended Maturity Date) the Covered Bonds 
are not redeemed in full on the Maturity Date at their Final 
Redemption Amount or within three Business Days thereafter, the 
Covered Bonds will bear interest on the principal amount outstanding 
of such Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed and 
will be payable in arrear or as otherwise provided for in the relevant 
Final Terms on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date at 
the rate specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
In the case of Covered Bonds with an Extended Maturity Date, those 
Covered Bonds may be issued as fixed rate, floating rate, or zero 
coupon in respect of the period from (and including) the Issue Date to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date and issued as fixed rate or floating 
rate in respect of the period from (and including) the Maturity Date to 
(but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are non-interest bearing to the 
Maturity Date and for which an Extended Maturity Date applies, the 
initial outstanding principal amount on the Maturity Date for the 
above purposes will be the total amount otherwise payable by the 
Issuer but unpaid on the applicable Covered Bonds on the Maturity 
Date. 
Asset Monitor:  
KPMG Baltics OÜ has been appointed pursuant to the Asset Monitor 
Agreement as an independent monitor to perform the tasks of an asset 
monitor which are provided in the ECBA (including carry out required 
tests in respect of the Covered Bond Portfolio). 
Substitution and Variation: 
The Issuer may substitute or vary the terms of all (but not some only) 
of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or the Subordinated Notes as provided in Condition 23 (Substitution 
and Variation) (including changing the governing law of Condition 
25 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)) if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders. 
Taxation: 
All payments (in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes: of interest only; and 
in the case of Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes or Covered Bonds: 
of principal and/or interest) in respect of the Notes and the Coupons 
by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf 
of the Republic of Estonia or any political subdivision therein or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or 
governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall 
pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the 
Noteholders and the Coupon holders after such withholding or 
deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had 
no such withholding or deduction been required, subject to certain 
exceptions as described in Condition 12 (Taxation). 
Events of Default and Cross 
Acceleration: 
The Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes contain events of default 
entitling Noteholders to demand immediate redemption and provide 
for a cross-acceleration provision.

--- Page 17 ---
10227697736-v33
- 8 -
70-41032654
 
The Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and the Subordinated Notes provide for events of default in 
certain circumstances, but do not contain a cross-default or cross-
acceleration provision. 
The Covered Bonds do not provide for events of default entitling 
Covered Bondholders to demand immediate redemption and will not 
provide for a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg" and together with Euroclear, the 
"ICSDs") and/or, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, any other 
clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. 
The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to 
fulfil its respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under 
"Risk Factors" below. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes shall be governed by English law except for:   
(a) 
Condition 4(b) (Status - Status of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes), Condition 4(c) (Status - Status of the Subordinated 
Notes) and 4(d) (Status - Status of the Covered Bonds), and the 
provisions relating to coverage of the Covered Bonds and the 
Coupons pursuant to the ECBA;  
(b) 
Condition 25 (Acknowledgement 
of Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers); and 
(c) 
other provisions relating to the Covered Bonds where 
provisions of Estonian laws mandatorily apply to covered 
bonds issued by an issuer incorporated in Estonia,  
which shall be governed by Estonian law. 
Ratings: 
The Senior Preferred Notes issued under the Programme may be rated 
by Moody's. Moody's is established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation. 
The rating which Moody's may give to the Senior Preferred Notes to 
be issued under the Programme may be endorsed by Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH, which is established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation. 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using 
a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation

--- Page 18 ---
10227697736-v33
- 9 -
70-41032654
 
or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
In addition, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Subordinated Notes 
and the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be rated. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United 
States of America, the European Economic Area, the United 
Kingdom, Japan and the Republic of Italy, see "Subscription and Sale" 
below. 
Use of Proceeds: 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net 
proceeds of the issue of each Series of Notes will be used for the 
general corporate purposes of the Issuer.

--- Page 19 ---
10227697736-v33
- 10 -
70-41032654
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective 
investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business 
of the Issuer and the industry(ies) in which it operates together with all other information contained in this 
Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined 
in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same 
meanings in this section. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Notes and should be used as guidance only. The below disclosure of risks only includes 
the risks the Issuer deems specific to the Issuer and to the Notes within the Programme, and which the 
Issuer believes to be the most essential for taking an informed investment decision. Additional risks and 
uncertainties relating to the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that are currently deemed 
immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, 
results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of 
the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider 
carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base 
Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
Unless otherwise specified, the risks relating to the Issuer as discussed in this section below, apply to the 
Issuer together with its branches and subsidiaries operating in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. 
Risks relating to the Issuer 
Risks associated with credit portfolio 
The quality of the assets in the Issuer's loan portfolio is affected by changes in the creditworthiness of its 
customers, their ability to repay loans on time and the Issuer's ability to enforce its security interests on 
customers' collateral. Should the customers fail to repay their loans and the value of the relevant collateral 
proves to be insufficient for covering the full amount of the outstanding liabilities, the Issuer’s financial 
position, the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and the value of the Notes may be 
adversely affected. 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk of borrowers, its subsidiary leasing companies and other counterparties in 
financial agreements being unable to meet their obligations in accordance with agreed terms and conditions 
and to the risk that collateral provided proves to be insufficient, in which case the Issuer can suffer loan 
losses. Under certain circumstances, there is also a risk that customers or counterparties may exceed, or 
abuse, agreed loan facilities. The largest source of the Issuer's credit risk and income is related to receivables 
from lending. 
Any future write-downs in the Issuer's loan portfolio attributed to loan losses may ultimately be due to 
many factors, such as the general economic situation, including as a result of economic downturn caused 
by the impact of COVID-19, higher interest rates, negative changes in the credit rating of customers or 
counterparties, customers' servicing of loans and ability to pay, a reduction in property values, structural 
and technological changes in different sectors and external factors such as rules laid down in legislation 
and relevant regulations. The Issuer's level of credit risk is sensitive to changes in real GDP, domestic 
employment and real estate prices. Due to the Issuer's credit policy the credit portfolio is well secured by 
residential and commercial real estate collaterals. In times of economic crisis the customer credit solvency 
and collateral value decrease may occur simultaneously and cause losses to the Issuer. 
As at 31 December 2021, loans to individual customers comprised 56.7 per cent. of the Issuer's net credit 
portfolio and loans to business customers 39.4 per cent. The Issuer’s share of the lending market in the 
Baltics decreased from 17.2 per cent. to 16.8 per cent. during 2021, calculated on the basis of public data 
published by the central banks of the Baltic states, Finance Latvia Association and Lithuanian Banking 
Association. During 2021, the overall quality of the Issuer’s credit portfolio improved despite the ongoing 
COVID-19 pandemic, which has mostly impacted certain industries and customers, while others have so 
far remained almost unaffected. The continued incidence of COVID-19 means that the outlook for loan 
losses may remain uncertain.

--- Page 20 ---
10227697736-v33
- 11 -
70-41032654
 
The Issuer's overall loan portfolio continues to perform well despite the modifications made to a number 
of loans due to the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting government policies and economic conditions, and 
almost all contracts are back to the original repayment schedules. Short-term overdues (more than 5-days) 
are higher for the portfolio of loans for which modifications have been granted than for the portfolio of 
unmodified loans (4.3% vs 1.7%), however the difference in overdues more than 30-days is lower (2.0% 
vs 1.0%). The outstanding balance of loans subject to approved modifications was EUR 14 million at the 
end of the year, or 0.1% of Loans to customers. 
The assessment and pricing of credit risks, the real value and realisation times for collateral, the granting 
of lending powers and the following up of loan decisions are associated with uncertainty, which means that 
any value impairments realised in the loan portfolio could weaken the profitability of the Issuer's business 
operations and its financial position. There are no guarantees that any provisions made will be sufficient to 
cover the amount of loan losses as they occur. A significant increase in the size of the Issuer's allowance 
for loan losses and loan losses not covered by allowances would have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks associated with the implementation of IT systems  
The availability, integrity, reliability and operational performance of the Issuer’s information technology 
("IT") systems are critical to the Issuer’s operations. The Issuer’s business relies on the efficient and 
uninterrupted operation of numerous systems, including computer hardware and software systems, data 
centres, third party telecommunications networks and the systems of third parties. Luminor’s priority is to 
ensure IT stability as it improves its services, products and performance as well as to focus on strengthening 
the product and software development capabilities and teams, increasing quality assurance, and utilising 
more fully the capabilities of its partners. 
To execute the technology transformation plan, the Issuer has established partnerships with several IT 
partners in the areas of payments, AML compliance, core system and channels. The selection of these 
vendors has been based on their ability to deliver industry standard solutions and provide support in 
implementation and integration. In January 2021 it was announced that the Issuer has entered into a five-
year IT-functions material outsourcing agreement of IT systems with IBM LIETUVA, UAB ("IBM"), 
under which IBM will support Luminor in its digital transformation. IBM will manage Luminor’s IT 
operations and transform its core banking and integration platform with an AI-driven delivery model and 
provide Luminor with cloud, AI and security tools. This agreement became effective on 1 March 2021 and 
185 people from Luminor's Technology Division were transferred to IBM. In November 2021, IBM's 
managed infrastructure services business was spun-off as a separate company and named Kyndryl. Kyndryl 
is now Luminor's main IT contractor, and will fulfil the obligations previously borne by IBM. 
Luminor continues to focus on digital transformation in cooperation with its strategic partner Kyndryl to 
ensure smooth banking services for customers and to strengthen further the security and regulatory 
compliance processes. Luminor has also signed a five-year contract with Worldline, the European leader in 
the payments and transactional services industry, under which Worldline will unify and upgrade Luminor's 
ATM network. 
Luminor digital development continued with the preparation and rollout of new functionalities and 
products, including launching new e-commerce acquiring capabilities and introducing new payment 
methods, instant payments, and mobile wallets. 
Luminor ATMs were switched to the new network, managed and owned by Worldline, by year end of 2021. 
Use of third-party vendors brings about the risk of vendor dependency, which the Issuer aims to manage 
by implementing a modular architecture approach, whereby interfaces between systems are built based on 
industry standard message exchange systems, implementation of widely used industry standard software 
solutions, and supported by long-term support contracts. Nonetheless, regardless of such risk mitigating 
measures, it is possible that third-party contractors may fail to deliver the specific products and services on 
time and on the terms agreed with the Issuer. 
Execution of the outsourcing agreement with Kyndryl involves significant operational risks, including the 
risk of disruption to the business during the period of transfer and the risk of losing data.  The process may 
also be more costly and/or time-consuming than planned.  Any change in supplier in the future, or any 
termination of the outsourcing of the IT function and re-establishing the in-house IT function, would

--- Page 21 ---
10227697736-v33
- 12 -
70-41032654
 
involve these same risks, any of which could adversely affect the Issuer’s business operations, performance 
or financial position. 
Risks associated with regulatory requirements and the Issuer's legal obligations 
The Issuer's business operations are subject to a large number of laws and regulations concerning banking 
operations and financial services and the Issuer is subject to stringent, constantly increasing and changing 
regulation and supervision, which means that the Issuer may be subject to intervention from the regulatory 
authorities and there is no assurance that the Issuer will be found fully compliant with all applicable laws 
and regulations. 
In recent years, the regulation of banking operations and the financial sector in general has undergone 
extensive changes in Estonia, in the European Union and internationally. Regulatory changes are also 
foreseen for 2022, both known and currently undetermined. The regulation applicable to banks and in the 
financial sector generally has been constantly tightening and the powers of the regulators have been 
widening since the economic crises of 2008-2009. These changes can have an impact on capital and 
liquidity requirements for banking operations, for example, and can lead to further costs and obligations 
for the Issuer. Changes may also be imposed on rules governing how the Issuer runs its business. New 
regulation may force the Issuer to reduce its level of risk, its volume of business and the lending ratio in 
some operations. New regulation also generally increases the administrative burden, resulting in increased 
costs and lower profitability. 
There have been recent regulatory changes focussing on environmental, social and governance ("ESG") 
factors. Given the complexity of new ESG-related regulations, and as they have been introduced only 
recently, there is a risk that the Issuer may fail to comply with all such ESG-related regulatory requirements 
on time. Failure to comply with such ESG requirements may have an adverse impact on the Issuer through 
the imposition of fines and other regulatory sanctions as well as through reputational damage. 
Measures taken by the authorities or unfavourable decisions in disputes with the authorities could also result 
in fines or restrictions and limits being imposed on the Issuer's business operations and give cause for 
negative publicity. Breaches against competition laws can also result in severe monetary sanctions. 
Retail banking being a significant business segment of the Issuer, any tightening of consumer protection 
laws or the interpretation thereof by courts or other competent authorities could result in lower profitability 
of certain of its products and services, which may impair its ability to offer certain products and services or 
to enforce certain clauses and thus have an adverse effect on the results of operations. 
Likewise, limitations imposed by, and the cost of compliance with the rules imposed by MiFID II and 
related legislation may result in further limitations, increased cost and lower profitability of the Issuer's 
retail banking business involving financial instruments. This may have a negative impact on the ability of 
the Issuer to fulfil its obligations in relation to Notes issued under this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore, banking activities are largely dependent on contractual relationships. Customers and 
counterparties to agreements that any member of the Issuer has entered into may submit claims against the 
Issuer or its subsidiaries that can lead to disputes and legal action. Such demands may, for example, concern 
liability towards customers with regard to the sale of unsuitable products or with regard to incorrect advice. 
If the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries is deemed to have neglected its duties, it may be liable to pay damages. 
Any legal action against any member of the Issuer can also have a negative impact on the Issuer's reputation, 
which in turn could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
If any of the risks set out above were realised, this could have a significant adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business operations, its performance or its financial position. 
Risks associated with abuse of the financial system 
The regulations applicable to the financial sector on the prevention of money laundering, corruption and 
the financing of terrorism as well as international sanctions have been and are subject to ongoing tightening. 
In global terms, the risk that banks may become the subject of or be exploited for the purposes of money 
laundering or the financing of terrorism has increased. The risk of future incidents involving money 
laundering or financing of terrorism is always on the agenda for financial institutions. Any breach of the

--- Page 22 ---
10227697736-v33
- 13 -
70-41032654
 
rules that aim to prevent the illegal exploitation of the financial system or even the suspicion of such 
infringements could have grave legal consequences for the Issuer and its reputation, which, in turn, could 
have a significant adverse effect on the Issuer. 
Regardless of the risk mitigation measures that the Issuer is taking, there can be no assurance that the AML, 
CFT and sanctions measures of the Issuer are and have in the past been at all times sufficient and there will 
be no proceedings, investigations or allegations involving the Issuer. 
The Issuer is committed to continuously applying sufficient enhancement and maintenance operations on 
supporting systems. However, there is a risk that the Issuer's screening and monitoring approach, supporting 
processes and systems may not fully prevent the execution or facilitation of transaction(s) which have 
exposure to money laundering, sanctions and/or terrorism financing offences. 
The Issuer monitors transactions according to predefined scenarios and thresholds, however, there is a risk 
that the Issuer may not be able to detect all the patterns and occurrences in a customer's behaviour which 
indicate breaches of AML or sanctions laws on the part of the customer. 
The Issuer has developed a regular reporting routine and has defined additional need-based escalation topics 
to Management containing both qualitative and quantitative components. Nevertheless, risks may arise 
where the Issuer has not sufficiently defined the content of reporting principles. The occurrence and 
realisation of the above-mentioned risks could have a severely negative impact on the Issuer, its financial 
standing, reputation and business due to the enforcement activities of state supervisory authorities and 
adverse public opinion. 
Risks associated with the Issuer's human resources 
The Issuer's performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. The 
employees have a high workload and complex planning of resources is required with a need to prioritise 
both business-driven development and regulatory-driven development while simultaneously managing day-
to-day operations. Increased staff-related risks could materially adversely affect the Issuer's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer's continued ability to compete effectively in its businesses depends on the Issuer's ability to 
attract qualified employees and to retain and motivate its existing employees. Competition from within the 
financial services industry and from businesses outside the financial services industry for qualified 
employees is intense. The need for higher cost efficiency could also result in a lower rate of wage increases 
in the coming years, which may also impact the Issuer's ability to retain or recruit employees. This may 
impact the Issuer's ability to take advantage of business opportunities, potential efficiencies, or profitably 
manage its existing or new assets. 
This risk may be more significant than average due to the changes in the Issuer both in the recent past and 
in the future due to mergers, the new operating model, changes in management and changes to the respective 
shareholdings of the Issuer’s shareholders. 
Further to the above, lockouts, strikes and other labour disputes within the Issuer or in sectors associated 
with the Issuer's business operations can have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business operations. 
Publication of such disputes may further induce reputational and staffing risks. 
Increased staff-related risks could materially adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
Operational risks associated with business activities 
During the course of its operations, the Issuer is exposed to unexpected losses caused by the operational 
risk of inadequacy or failure of internal procedures, employees or systems or due to external risks including 
legal risk and reputational risk. This encompasses (i) internal risks including theft and fraud by employees, 
development and process failures, business interruptions or break-downs in information systems, 
particularly in the course of the technology transformation that the Issuer is undergoing, and (ii) external 
risk factors such as property damage and fraud by customers. 
The Issuer makes every reasonable effort to maintain the lowest possible risk level.

--- Page 23 ---
10227697736-v33
- 14 -
70-41032654
 
The Issuer’s business operations may be interrupted as a result of sudden and unforeseen events or 
vandalism, such as denial-of-service attacks against the bank's internet service, interruptions in the 
electricity supply and data communication systems, or fire and water damage. This may lead to 
interruptions in business operations that could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business operations, 
its performance or its financial position. 
Furthermore, in the context of COVID-19, lockdown measures have necessitated the implementation of 
remote working arrangements, as the vast majority of the Issuer’s staff work from home. This could lead 
to new types of operational incidents or increase the risk of cyber-attacks faced by the Issuer. 
Any inadequate or failed internal or external risk-related processes may affect the Issuer's strategy, its 
growth potential, its fees and commissions, and profit margins and, consequently, could have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks associated with interest rates sensitivity 
Interest rate risk is the risk of loss or reduction of future net income following changes in interest rates, 
including the price risk connected to the sale of assets or closing of positions. In the normal course of 
business, the interest rate risk arises due to timing differences in the maturity (for fixed rate) and repricing 
(for floating rate) of the Issuer's assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items. 
Due to differences between the Issuer's borrowing and deposits interest rates, the Issuer may face 
considerable interest rate risk, as changes in interest rates, yield curves and credit margins can affect the 
interest rate margin realised between borrowing and deposits. Changes in interest rates can also affect the 
Issuer as such changes can have a disproportionate or unexpected impact on the return on interest-bearing 
assets or the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, or otherwise have a negative effect on the Issuer's financing 
costs. An increase in interest rates can also affect demand for housing loans and other loan products as 
customers incur increased loan costs. The Issuer is also exposed to the risk that the fair value of instruments 
in its liquidity portfolio may be affected due to changes in credit spreads. 
The Issuer endeavours to protect itself against interest rate risk by entering into interest rate derivative 
contracts for hedging purposes or by making deposits with an interest and maturity structure that decreases 
the interest risk. It is difficult to anticipate changes in the market situation and to predict the impact that 
these changes could have. In order to reduce the volatility in net interest income, the Issuer limits structural 
interest rate risk (which occurs as a result of the imbalance between interest rate obligations and the re-
pricing of assets and liabilities), with asset and liability management principles and interest rate risk 
management activities carried out by its Treasury unit. A material change in interest rates and the Issuer's 
inability to maintain interest rate margins may result in lower net income and could have a material adverse 
effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 
Risks associated with liquidity and dependence on external sources 
The Issuer's business is reliant on its ability to finance its current operations at reasonable terms and meet 
its obligations as these arise. The Issuer's loan portfolio has, on average, a longer maturity than the Issuer's 
funding base. The Issuer considers that it has an appropriate funding structure to meet short-term and long-
term requirements for liquidity management set by regulators. 
Access to, and the cost of, financing raised by the Issuer through money and capital markets are affected, 
among other things, by general interest rate levels, the situation on the financial markets, or a downturn in 
the performance of market participants and the Issuer's own capital adequacy and credit ratings. 
The Issuer relies on deposits from retail and corporate customers in order to service some of its liquidity 
needs. The volume of such liquidity is, however, dependent on factors that are beyond the Issuer's control, 
such as changes in household savings ratios, the propensity to save by making bank deposits and changes 
in the tax regime applicable to bank deposits. The Issuer's liquidity position may also be affected negatively 
by a large unexpected outflow of deposits. The Issuer implements and maintains a short-term and long-
term liquidity risk management strategy to maintain a low liquidity risk profile. However, failure to 
refinance maturing wholesale funding on sufficiently favourable terms may have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business operations, its performance or its financial position. 
The liquidity and funding plan of the Issuer is based on assumptions about client behaviour (the deposit 
base and durations of such deposits), especially with regard to the trend of short-term deposits. Even in

--- Page 24 ---
10227697736-v33
- 15 -
70-41032654
 
critical, exceptional situations there is a risk that the relevant behavioural assumptions used for the 
simulation scenarios prove to be incorrect, resulting in considerable unplanned liquidity outflows. 
Any downgrade in the current credit rating of the Issuer may also increase its funding costs and limit the 
access to the money and/ or capital markets. This could lead to a deterioration in the Issuer's liquidity and 
make it more difficult for the Issuer to access refinancing and to comply with the liquidity requirements set 
out in applicable laws. Therefore, a reduction in a credit rating could adversely affect the Issuer's 
competitive position and, thus, have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
Risks associated with the credit ratings of the Issuer 
The Issuer's credit ratings do not always mirror the risk related to individual Notes under the Programme. 
Currently, the Issuer has a rating from Moody's. Any credit rating agency may lower its ratings or withdraw 
the rating if, in the sole judgement of the credit rating agency, the credit quality of the Issuer has declined 
or is in question. In addition, at any time a credit rating agency may revise its relevant rating methodology 
with the result that, among other things, any rating assigned to the Issuer may be lowered. If any of the 
ratings assigned to the Issuer is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Notes may be reduced. 
Furthermore, such ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, 
and other factors that may affect the financial standing of the Issuer. Accordingly, a credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at 
any time. The Issuer's ratings may also decline if any of the sovereign credit ratings of Estonia, Latvia or 
Lithuania is downgraded regardless of any direct correlation with the Issuer's activities. 
The Issuer can at any time choose to stop cooperating with the relevant credit rating agency, which would 
result in the Notes no longer being rated, unless the Issuer chooses to be rated by one or several other credit 
rating agencies. A decline in the rating of the Issuer or withdrawal of the rating by a rating agency may 
have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 
Risk associated with regulatory capital requirements 
The Issuer is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank through the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism ("SSM"), which provides for minimum levels of regulatory capital, which are comparable with 
those of other significant banks in the European Union. If the Issuer were to fail to maintain its ratios, this 
may result in administrative actions or sanctions against it which may impact the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. 
The final versions of the Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (as amended from time to time including by 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019, the "CRR") 
and the Directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms (as amended from time to time, including by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019, the "CRD") adopted in June 2013 entered 
into force on 1 January 2014, with Estonian implementation as of 19 May 2014. Each of the CRR and the 
CRD (together with any CRD implementing measures, the "CRD Package") covers a wide range of prudent 
requirements for banks across EU member states, including capital requirements, stricter and aligned 
definitions of capital, risk exposure, leverage ratio, large exposure framework and liquidity and funding 
requirements. The CRD Package covers the overall supervisory framework for banks (including the 
individual risk assessment) and other measures such as the combined capital buffer requirement, 
governance and remuneration requirements. 
The CRD has been implemented in the Estonian Credit Institutions Act, as may be amended from time to 
time (the "Estonian Credit Institutions Act"), whereas the CRR applies directly without implementation 
in national law. The phase-in of the capital requirements has followed and is expected to continue to follow 
the path set out in the CRR and the CRD, the latter by implementation through the Estonian Credit 
Institutions Act, as may be amended from time to time. The EBA is also expected to continue to publish 
detailed rules through binding technical standards for many areas including, inter alia, liquidity 
requirements and certain aspects of capital requirements.

--- Page 25 ---
10227697736-v33
- 16 -
70-41032654
 
Credit institutions are required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital equal to 8 per cent. of Risk 
Exposure Amounts, which may consist of: 
 
Common Equity Tier 1: 4.5 per cent., 
 
Additional Tier 1: 1.5 per cent. and 
 
Tier 2: 2 per cent. 
In addition to these so-called minimum own funds Pillar 1 requirements (the "minimum own funds 
requirement"), the CRD (including, but not limited to, Article 128) also introduces capital buffer 
requirements, which must be met with Common Equity Tier 1 capital. For the Issuer, the capital buffer 
requirement is comprised of two elements (referred to collectively as the "combined buffer"): (i) the capital 
conservation buffer; and (ii) the institution-specific countercyclical buffer. In addition, where a firm is 
deemed systemically important either globally or in its domestic jurisdiction, articles 131 and 133 of the 
CRD permit national competent authorities to set additional buffers, like systemic risk buffer, Globally 
Systemically Important Institution (G-SII) or Other Systemically Important Institution (O-SII) buffer. 
In addition to the minimum own funds requirements described above, the CRD (including, but not limited 
to, Article 104(1)(a)) contemplates that competent authorities may require additional "Pillar 2" capital to 
be maintained by a credit institution relating to elements of risks which are not fully captured by the 
minimum own funds requirements (the "additional own funds requirements") or to address macro-
prudential requirements. 
The EBA published guidelines on 19 December 2014 addressed to national supervisors on common 
procedures and methodologies for the supervisory review and evaluation process ("SREP") which 
contained guidelines proposing a common approach to determining the amount and composition of 
additional own funds requirements and which became effective by 1 January 2016. Under these guidelines, 
national supervisors should set a composition requirement for the additional own funds requirements to 
cover certain risks, of at least 56 per cent. Common Equity Tier 1 capital and at least 75 per cent. of Tier 1 
capital. Typically, the ECB has mandated that all SSM-supervised firms must meet the additional capital 
requirements (known as the "Pillar 2 requirement" or "P2R") entirely through the use of CET1 resources. 
However, in a press release dated 12 March 2020 in light of the COVID-19 pandemic (see Risks associated 
with COVID-19) titled "ECB Banking Supervision provides temporary capital and operational relief in 
reaction to coronavirus", the European Central Bank stated that Pillar 2 Requirements could also be met by 
partial use of capital instruments that do not qualify as CET1, for example Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 
instruments.  
The most notable SREP development during 2016 has been the introduction of the so-called Pillar 2 
guidance (that should be covered from CET1). The capital demand resulting from the SREP since then 
consists of two parts: 
 
Pillar 2 requirement or P2R, which covers risks underestimated or not covered by Pillar 1. 
 
Pillar 2 guidance or P2G, which indicates to banks the adequate level of capital to be maintained 
in order to have sufficient capital as a buffer to withstand stressed situations, in particular as 
assessed on the basis of the adverse scenario in the supervisory stress tests. 
While P2R are binding and breaches can have direct legal consequences for banks, P2G is not legally 
binding, Nevertheless, ECB expects banks to comply with P2G as well. 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms to further 
strengthen the resilience of EU banks (the "EU Banking Reforms") which proposals included, among 
others, reform of the CRR and the CRD (together the "CRR II and CRD V Package"). The CRR II and 
CRD V Package introduced, among other things, (i) a draft amending directive to facilitate the creation of 
a new asset class of "non-preferred" senior debt (the "Creditor Hierarchy Directive") and (ii) phase-in 
arrangements for the regulatory capital impact of IFRS 9 and the ongoing interaction of IFRS 9 with the 
regulatory framework, which were subsequently updated with final compromise texts published by the 
European Commission. The banking package covers multiple areas, including the pillar 2 framework, the 
leverage ratio, mandatory restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own funds and eligible 
liabilities and macro-prudential tools, the framework for MREL and the integration of the TLAC standard

--- Page 26 ---
10227697736-v33
- 17 -
70-41032654
 
into EU legislation. The CRR II and CRD V Package was published in the Official Journal on 7 June 2019 
and the initial elements entered into force on 27 June 2019. The requirements introduced by the Directive 
(EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019, forming part of the CRR II 
and CRD V Package, were transposed into Estonian law in May 2021. The Creditor Hierarchy Directive 
created a new category of "non-preferred" senior debt and has been implemented as a matter of domestic 
law in Estonia through the Estonian Credit Institutions Act that took effect as of 20 January 2019 and 14 
December 2019 and that regulates, among others, the ranking of "non-preferred" senior debt in the 
bankruptcy of a credit institution. 
Any failure by the Issuer to satisfy the regulatory capital requirements, liquidity requirements and other 
requirements applied to the Issuer, and any further increases in such requirements, could result in regulatory 
intervention or sanctions or significant reputation harm, which may have material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's financial condition, results of operation and prospects. 
Risks associated with business development initiatives and digital innovation  
The Issuer is constantly exploring ways to develop and streamline its operations, meet its customers' 
demands, stay up-to-date with market developments, make its operations more efficient and improve its 
financial performance and position. Of the development and streamlining initiatives currently being 
implemented, most important are the IT systems integration (please see "IT Systems and integration" under 
"Description of the Issuer" below). During 2019 the Baltic transformation plan for the Issuer's customer 
service network was implemented. As a part of this transformation plan, the overall number of physical 
customer service locations was reduced by 5 during 2020 and 5 during 2021. During this transformation a 
new concept for customer service centres and a new form of service location, the meet-up point, were 
introduced. The customer service model was revised, the Issuer’s digital service offer was strengthened, 
and customers were introduced to cashless platforms and payment systems. 
The rise of digital banking is changing customer expectations of the availability of banking services. As 
digital changes make transactions easier and more convenient, the Issuer expects customers to transact 
more, and in many different ways. The Issuer may not be able to manage service provision ahead of rising 
customer expectations or may have competitors who are more successful in meeting demand for digital 
banking services, which could affect its ability to attract and retain customers. 
As business development is a constant process, the Issuer will continue exploring and implementing other 
business development initiatives, in parallel and in addition to the ones described above. 
With any business development initiatives and changes to the operating model, there is a risk that the 
initiative or change may, regardless of the Issuer's efforts, not bring the desired benefits. Moreover, there 
is a risk that such initiatives and changes may result in inefficiencies, stoppages or delays in the Issuer's 
operations, negatively affect the Issuer's customers' satisfaction (potentially leading to loss of clients), 
reputation and awareness of the Issuer's brand. The occurrence of any such effect could have a material 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 
Risks associated with the counterparty credit risk and presence of derivatives in the portfolio 
Counterparty credit risk is the risk of loss arising from a failure of a counterparty to meet the terms of any 
contract with any member of the Issuer, or otherwise to fail to perform as agreed. 
In order to reduce the volatility in net interest income, the Issuer limits structural interest rate risk (which 
occurs as a result of imbalance between interest rate ties and the re-pricing of assets and liabilities), 
primarily through hedging derivative instruments. The Issuer seeks to limit most of the counterparty risk 
that occurs in derivative contracts through mutual pledging agreements. 
There is, however, no guarantee that the Issuer will succeed in correctly estimating the risk that occurs in 
relation to derivative contracts, which may mean that the security arrangements entered into between the 
Issuer and its counterparties to hedge against counterparty risk are insufficient. Errors can also occur in 
relation to valuation of transactions and the managing of collateral arrangements, which can lead to the 
outcome of the arrangement being different than intended. If these risks are realised, this could have a 
significant adverse effect on the Issuer's business operations, its performance or its financial position. 
The Issuer also provides to its customers market risk hedging instruments (FX and IR derivative 
instruments). Market risk hedging instruments enable corporate clients to manage their foreign exchange

--- Page 27 ---
10227697736-v33
- 18 -
70-41032654
 
and interest rate risk. As a consequence of the Issuer's transactions in financial instruments, including 
foreign exchange rate and derivative contracts, it is also exposed to settlement risk and transfer risk. 
Settlement risk is the risk of losing the principal on a financial contract due to default by the counterparty 
after the Issuer has given irrevocable instructions for a transfer of a principal amount or security, but before 
receipt of the corresponding payment or security has been finally confirmed. The fair value of these 
derivatives depends upon both the valuation and the perceived credit risk of the instrument insured and the 
credit quality of the transaction counterparty. Currently the Issuer uses mostly shareholders for such 
transactions and therefore the counterparty credit risk is considered low. 
Any failure in the future by a material counterparty could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 
Litigation and disputes 
In the ordinary course of its business, the Issuer is exposed to a significant risk of claims, disputes and legal 
proceedings. In many cases, the Issuer will be the plaintiff, typically seeking to recover money advanced 
and it may not always be successful in this endeavour and, even where it is successful, the costs involved 
in the litigation will reduce its recoveries. In cases where the Issuer is a defendant, in addition to the cost 
of defending the claim the Issuer may be required to pay significant damages and the dispute could also 
negatively affect the Issuer's reputation. Any such damages or reputational harm, or any associated fines or 
other penalties, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business and financial position.  
Risks associated with possible company or portfolio acquisitions 
It is possible that the Issuer will acquire or merge with companies or their portfolios in the future, in order 
to expand its business operations, for example, or to have new resources at its disposal. Growth built on 
company or portfolio acquisitions is associated with certain risks, such as assessing the feasibility of 
planned investments and the integration of the business operations and new employees acquired. If the 
Issuer does not succeed in implementing such measures, future company acquisitions may have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer's business operations, its performance or its financial position. 
Risks associated with the tax regulation  
The Issuer is exposed to tax risks associated with changes in tax rates or tax legislation or the incorrect 
interpretation of the rules and regulations in force. If tax risks are realised, this could lead to an increase in 
taxes or penalties which, in turn, could cause financial losses for the Issuer. 
In Estonia the updated income tax regime entered into force in 2018. Under the new regime the system of 
the taxation of profits of credit institutions has changed significantly, resulting in profits being taxed 
quarterly at a rate of 14 per cent.. This measure will only affect financial institutions that are profitable and 
the advance payment of corporate income tax will be taken into account when calculating an institution's 
tax liability arising from dividend distributions. The implementation of global minimum corporate taxation 
(potentially from the year 2023) may also have an impact on the Issuer should the Issuer qualify for the 
respective regime. 
In Latvia the tax environment has entered a stable period after the new tax regime introduced in 2018, and 
no further significant tax changes are expected in Latvia in the coming years. In 2019 new compliance 
requirements came into force with regard to transfer pricing documentation which impose an administrative 
burden on large taxpayers. In the future, the Issuer's Latvian branch might be exposed to limited risks if the 
Latvian legislator adopts the Estonian approach of taxing credit institutions on an advance basis, even if 
such plans have not been announced so far. 
In Lithuania, from 1 January 2020 until 31 December 2022, an increased corporate income tax rate of 20 
per cent. will be applied on taxable profits of banks, exceeding the threshold of EUR 2 million. Application 
of the increased corporate income tax rate may be extended for future tax periods, however, there are 
currently no registered amendments to the provisions of the Law on Corporate Income Tax. 
Changes in taxation regulations which increase the level of the tax payable by the Issuer will affect the 
financial results of the Issuer and, consequently, could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 28 ---
10227697736-v33
- 19 -
70-41032654
 
Foreign exchange rate risk 
Foreign exchange risk means that the Issuer might suffer potential loss from unexpected unbeneficial 
changes in exchange rates. Foreign exchange rates may be affected by complex political and economic 
factors, including relative rates of inflation, interest rate levels, balance of payments between countries, the 
extent of any governmental surplus or deficit, and the monetary, fiscal and trade policies pursued by the 
governments of the relevant currencies. 
The Issuer's business is reliant on the value of financial assets, for example shares, credit collaterals and 
interest-bearing assets. The majority of the Issuer's business is denominated in EUR, but there are also 
assets (and liabilities) in different currencies the value of which is affected by the fluctuation of currency 
exchange rates. The Issuer does not have a large portfolio of assets with marked-to-market values, but 
unfavourable changes in asset values may still have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business operations, 
its performance or its financial position. Furthermore, foreign exchange rate risk may have an adverse effect 
on the Issuer's operations, financial condition and results of operations in the future during the maturity of 
the issued Notes. 
Risk associated with information security and risk of cybercrime attacks 
The Issuer's operations rely on the correct and secure processing and communication of large amounts of 
information, which is often of a confidential nature. As part of its business operations, the Issuer records 
personal and banking details that it receives from its customers. Significant costs may be incurred if 
information security risks, such as illegal access to or distortion of information, are realised. Costs may also 
be incurred by the Issuer in protecting itself against breaches of data protection rules and in solving 
problems that have been caused as a result of such breaches. 
The Issuer is also subject to EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"). If any member of the Issuer 
or any of their third-party service providers fails to store or transmit customer information in a secure 
manner, or if any loss or wrongful processing of personal customer data were otherwise to occur, the Issuer 
could be subject to investigative and enforcement action by relevant regulatory authorities and could be 
subject to claims or complaints from the person to whom the data relates, or could face liability under data 
protection laws. Should some or all of these risks materialise, this may have an adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 
As for all major financial institutions, the Issuer's activities have been, and could continue to be, subject to 
an increasing risk of cyber-attacks, the nature of which is continually evolving. Digital transformation can 
make it a potential target for cybercrime attempts and that is primarily related to the Issuer's internet bank 
users and includes physical identity theft, unauthorised access to privileged and sensitive customer 
information, including internet bank credentials as well as payment and credit card information. The Issuer 
also expects to face regulatory requirements going forward in relation to cybersecurity. 
The Issuer has continued to invest in building systems and defences to address threats from cyber-attacks. 
However, the Issuer could continue to experience security breaches or unexpected disruptions to its systems 
and services in the future. Such security breaches and unexpected disruptions could in turn result in liability 
towards the Issuer's customers and/or third parties and consequently have an adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
Solving such problems can cause interruptions or delays in the Issuer's customer service, which in turn 
could damage the Issuer's reputation, discourage customers from using the Issuer's services or cause 
customers to bring claims for compensation against the Issuer. Any of these situations could have a 
significant adverse effect on the Issuer's business operations, its performance or its financial position. 
Certain rights of the Noteholders under the conditions of the Notes would not be enforceable upon 
commencement of resolution proceedings or declaration of a moratorium 
The provision of the conditions of the Notes allowing the Notes to be declared immediately due and payable 
on the grounds of commencement of resolution proceedings and declaration of a moratorium would not be 
effective and enforceable pursuant to Estonian law. Pursuant to the FCPRA, the fact of taking a crisis 
prevention measure or a crisis management measure, suspending certain obligations or making a decision 
on the commencement of resolution proceedings shall not under a contract entered into by a credit 
institution be deemed to be an enforcement event or initiation of insolvency proceedings. Furthermore, the

--- Page 29 ---
10227697736-v33
- 20 -
70-41032654
 
FCPRA provides that where the obligations under the contract, including payment and delivery obligations, 
and provision of collateral, continue to be performed by a credit institution under resolution proceedings, a 
decision on the application of a crisis prevention measure, the suspension of certain obligations or the 
commencement of the resolution proceedings or the occurrence of any event directly linked to such 
application shall not serve as basis for exercising any termination, suspension, modification or set off or 
close out netting rights. 
In addition, pursuant to the Estonian Credit Institutions Act during a moratorium, a credit institution may 
not perform financial and other proprietary obligations assumed before establishment of the moratorium 
and the obligation of the Issuer to pay a debt pursuant to a principal or accessory financial obligation shall 
be suspended from the date of establishment of a moratorium until termination thereof. Payment of debts 
may be resumed immediately after termination of the moratorium if the Issuer has restored its solvency. 
Fines and interest on arrears shall not be imposed, calculated or paid during a moratorium. However, 
calculation of interest may continue but the payment thereof shall be commenced pursuant to contracts, on 
the date following the date of termination of the moratorium. 
Therefore, in order to be effective pursuant to Estonian law, a declaration of an Event of Default and 
demand for payment under the conditions of the Notes would have to (i) be made before commencement 
of resolution proceedings and declaration of a moratorium in respect of the Issuer, or (ii) otherwise be an 
Event of Default that is not triggered, as of itself, by commencement of resolution proceedings or upon 
declaration of a moratorium (such as non-payment). 
The exercise of any power under the resolution legislation or declaration of a moratorium in respect of the 
Issuer could materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in 
any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. Further, Directive (EU) 
2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the "BRRD II") that was 
transposed into Estonian law in May 2021, introduced the additional power of the resolution authorities to 
suspend, for a limited time period, certain contractual obligations of a credit institution in the circumstances 
where the credit institution is failing or likely to fail, if applicable private sector measures that would 
prevent the failure of the credit institution are not immediately available, the suspension is necessary to 
avoid further deterioration of the credit institution or an entity belonging to the consolidation group of the 
credit institution and the suspension measure is necessary due to public interest or for the purposes of 
determination of appropriate resolution measures or the effective application of resolution measures by the 
relevant resolution authority. Such right of suspension introduced by the BRRD II has also been transposed 
into the FCPRA. The scope and time limit (which may not, however, exceed two business days pursuant to 
the FCPRA) shall be determined by the Relevant Resolution Authority (please see the risk factor "The 
Issuer may be subject to statutory resolution" below) on a case-by-case basis, and the right of suspension 
may be exercised prior to the adoption of a resolution decision by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Therefore, the exercise of the right to suspend contractual obligations of the Issuer could affect the rights 
of Noteholders prior to the official initiation of resolution proceedings with respect to the Issuer. 
Concurrently with the transposition of BRRD II into the FCPRA, certain changes to the provisions 
regarding moratoriums of Estonian credit institutions were introduced to the Credit Institutions Act to avoid 
conflict with the amended provisions of the FCPRA. 
Risks associated with the market environment and macroeconomic conditions 
Risks associated with the reputation of the Baltic countries 
Being a pan-Baltic bank, the Issuer is impacted by the international reputation and perception of the Baltics 
and how companies (especially financial institutions) from Baltic countries are generally perceived in other 
regions. 
In recent years, Baltic countries, and Baltic financial institutions specifically, have received attention due 
to the emergence of several money laundering allegations. Specifically, since 2018 allegations related to 
money laundering have been raised against several credit institutions in the Baltic states and, based on 
publicly available information, various proceedings have been initiated by authorities in Estonia and abroad 
to investigate such allegations. 
In 2018 the Committee of Experts on the Evaluation of Anti-Money Laundering Measures and the 
Financing of Terrorism ("MONEYVAL") in its Fifth Round Mutual Evaluation Report regarding Latvia

--- Page 30 ---
10227697736-v33
- 21 -
70-41032654
 
identified that large financial flows passing through Latvia as a regional financial centre pose a significant 
threat of money laundering and terrorist financing. 
On 22 January 2020, MONEYVAL issued the 1st Enhanced Follow-up Report on Latvia’s AML/CFT 
measures which highlighted progress in addressing various deficiencies. MONEYVAL decided that Latvia 
will remain in enhanced follow-up and will continue to report back to MONEYVAL on further progress to 
strengthen its implementation of AML/CFT measures. 
On 21 February 2020, the Financial Action Task Force ("FATF"), which is an inter-governmental body 
having a significant impact on policy making, noted the progress that Latvia had made in setting up a strong 
and robust financial crime prevention system and concluded that Latvia will not be subject to enhanced 
surveillance. Pursuant to MONEYVAL’s earlier decision, Latvia will remain in enhanced follow-up and 
will continue to report back to MONEYVAL on further progress to strengthen its implementation of 
AML/CFT measures. Latvia was expected to report back to the MONEYVAL plenary, MONEYVAL's 
decision taking body, at its 61st meeting in April 2021. On 30 April 2021, the MONEYVAL secretariat 
informed the 61st plenary meeting that the follow-up report on Latvia would be presented as an information 
agenda item at the 62nd plenary meeting, noting that it had determined that Latvia was in compliance with 
each of the FATF 40 Recommendations. The FATF 40 Recommendations are a set of international 
standards on combating money laundering and the financing of terrorism and proliferation published by the 
FATF. During the 62nd MONEYVAL plenary meeting held from 15 to 17 December 2021, MONEYVAL 
presented the follow-up report on Latvia without compliance re-rating. 
In early 2019 MONEYVAL issued a similar evaluation report on Lithuania. This report highlighted certain 
threats related to money laundering, including increased corruption, a significant shadow economy, 
evidence of organised crime and widespread use of cash. No elevated risks related to the financing of 
terrorism were identified. In June 2020, MONEYVAL issued the first follow-up report where 
MONEYVAL stated that Lithuania would remain in the enhanced follow-up process and continue to report 
back on further progress to strengthen its implementation of AML/CFT measures. On 30 November 2021 
MONEYVAL published its second follow-up report which stated that although Lithuania had improved its 
anti-money laundering framework, further efforts remain necessary. Lithuania is expected to report back to 
MONEYVAL on further progress in two years. 
Evaluation of Estonia by MONEYVAL commenced in December 2020. Estonia is currently undergoing 
the fourth round of MONEYVAL evaluations. An on-site visit was rescheduled to take place in April/May 
2022 and a final report is expected to be approved at the MONEYVAL plenary session in late 2022 or early 
2023. 
Additionally, eight countries (Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Iceland, Latvia, Lithuania, Norway, and Sweden) 
of the Nordic-Baltic Constituency of the International Monetary Fund (the "IMF") have voluntarily taken 
the initiative to engage the IMF to conduct a regional analysis of money laundering and terrorist financing 
threats and vulnerabilities. The IMF begun its work in January 2021 and is expected to report its findings 
in mid-2022. No allegations related to money laundering have been made against the Issuer. However, even 
where the Issuer is not accused of any breach of anti-money laundering requirements, allegations regarding 
other Baltic financial institutions may still affect the Issuer, as far as these affect the reputation of the Baltics 
and Baltic financial institutions in general. This may pose the risk that the Issuer may not be able to raise 
funding from international markets or may only be able to raise funding on less favourable terms. There is 
also a risk that some of the Issuer's direct or indirect counterparties (e.g. correspondent banks) and/or 
customers may wish to terminate or limit the scope of their business relationships with Baltic financial 
institutions, including the Issuer, or subject Baltic financial institutions, including the Issuer, to more 
rigorous control. Furthermore, it is possible that the Issuer's business partners or public authorities (for 
example FATF and/or the European Commission) may apply mandatory enhanced due diligence measures 
against financial institutions established and/or operating in any or all of the Baltic countries, thus affecting 
business operations of the Issuer. 
Risks associated with the general market environment and economic conditions in the Baltic countries 
The economies of Estonia and the other Baltic countries are small open economies that are closely linked 
to the global economy and especially to the macroeconomic conditions in the Eurozone countries and 
Russia. Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania are all members of the European Union and the North Atlantic Treaty 
Organisation. Any deterioration in the economic environment of the Baltic countries where the Issuer 
operates, or in the countries where its customers and counterparties operate, could have a direct negative

--- Page 31 ---
10227697736-v33
- 22 -
70-41032654
 
impact on the Issuer's strategy, its growth potential, its fees and commissions, and profit margins and, 
consequently, could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
A long-term challenge in most of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development 
("OECD") countries is the general growth of government deficits, which have reached record high levels 
in many OECD countries during the COVID-19 pandemic. At the same time, supply shortages in the global 
economy have become increasingly apparent and an ongoing challenge for the global recovery. These 
shortages have driven global inflation up, mainly due to higher commodity prices. Similarly, the shortages 
have increased speculation that central banks will tighten monetary policy earlier than previously 
forecasted. This market volatility, if it continues, or a global contraction in economic activity could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s customers and on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
Should any negative development in the economy in Estonia, economies in the other Baltic countries or in 
the financial markets generally occur, the demand for banking services may decrease and lead to a reduced 
net interest income from the banking business as well as reduced commissions from the asset management 
and real estate brokerage businesses. Weaker demand and any increase in unemployment may also lead to 
difficulties for the Issuer's customers in meeting their payment obligations, thereby causing increased 
disruptions in the repayments of loans, write-downs and loan losses. A rise in the level of interest rates may 
have the same effect. The market value of financial assets held by the Issuer may also be affected. 
Furthermore, investors' demand for returns may increase, thus increasing the Issuer's refinancing costs and 
hampering the Issuer's refinancing options. 
Risks associated with the geopolitical conditions impacting the Baltic countries 
Each of the Issuer's operating segments is affected by general geopolitical conditions. Political stability is 
one of the key strengths of the Estonian, Latvian and Lithuanian economies. Political uncertainty in regions 
which are important for the global, and especially for the European, economy can generally be expected to 
have a negative effect on the general economic situation and financial market conditions in the Baltics as 
well. 
The current geopolitical situation in Russia and Belarus, including sanctions and embargos, poses a risk to 
the Baltic region. On 23 February 2022, Russia initiated military operations in Ukraine. The United States, 
the United Kingdom and the EU have implemented substantial economic sanctions against Russia, which 
are expected to have material impacts on energy prices, energy supply, and potentially the functioning of 
the banking system in Europe. These effects, in turn, may lead to changes in economic or regulatory policy. 
Potential escalations of the conflict and new sanctions, adding to the already elevated price pressures, could 
negatively affect economic activity. Any such policy changes or negative impact on economic activity in 
Baltic countries where the Issuer operates, or in the countries where its customers and counterparties 
operate, could have a direct negative impact on the Issuer's strategy, its growth potential, its fees and 
commissions, and profit margins and, consequently, could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Estonia as well as the other Baltic states are dependent on foreign investment, which may not continue to 
flow in at the current rate. As a result, future economic development and market conditions may 
significantly worsen and amplify the impact of risk factors set out in this section. 
In addition to economic and financial effects, Brexit and other political events, as well as protectionist 
tendencies to reduce European co-operation, may bring further political, legal and regulatory uncertainty. 
Such uncertainty and consequential market disruption may also cause investment decisions to be delayed, 
reduce job security, and damage consumer confidence. 
All of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Although the Issuer constantly monitors developments on both domestic and international markets, it is not 
possible to forecast the timing or extent of changes in the economic or political environment. Noteholders 
should be aware that the events described above could have an adverse impact on the interests of the 
Noteholders including the payment of interest and repayment of principal on the Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
10227697736-v33
- 23 -
70-41032654
 
Risks associated with competition in the Issuer’s business areas 
In the market for financial services, where the Issuer operates, fierce competition prevails. Both established 
players and newcomers compete in the market. The Issuer primarily faces competition in its universal 
banking activities, where its competitors include large Scandinavian banking groups operating in retail, 
corporate and investment banking markets in Baltic markets. In particular, taking into account the large 
investments made by other banks in new technologies, the Issuer faces increasing competition in internet 
and mobile banking. 
High levels of competition in the banking industry could also lead to increased pricing pressure on the 
Issuer's products and services, which would have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and results of operations of the Issuer as well as the entire Luminor Group. In particular, increased 
competition for deposits may lead to a higher loans-to-deposit ratio and an increase of the Issuer's cost of 
funding. 
Moreover, new entrants such as FinTech companies, providing online financial services, are also 
increasingly competing for customers and market share. The developing relationships between FinTech 
companies and traditional banks is a significant trend and may have a great impact on the existing market 
structure for banking services. 
There is no guarantee that (i) the Issuer's strategies will be sufficiently competitive or that (ii) such strategies 
will meet customer needs and expectations in the future as competition increases and the availability of 
products and services grows on the international markets, or that they will otherwise be successful. 
Additionally, changes in business strategy entail risks of their own, including in relation to operational 
risks, risks of insufficient training of personnel and IT risks. 
The Issuer's business plan is reviewed and updated regularly. Furthermore, if a future sale of the Issuer 
were to take place, the strategy of the Issuer may then change, depending on who the (new) acquirer(s) 
might be. 
If the Issuer fails to respond to the competitive environment in its target markets by offering attractive and 
profitable product and service solutions, it may affect the Issuer's competitiveness, its market shares, its 
growth potential, its customer base and, consequently, could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks associated with COVID-19  
In March 2020, the World Health Organisation declared the outbreak of a new infectious disease known as 
"COVID-19", caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (commonly known as SARS-
CoV-2), to be a global pandemic.  
Despite a successful vaccination programme in many countries, including in the Baltics, the risk to the 
global economy of further virus mutation continues. Due to the spread of delta and other variants of 
COVID-19, particularly in China, disruptions in global trade flows, including port closures, have led to a 
shortage of inputs and goods in large parts of the world and has negatively impacted growth.  
Another wave of infections due to virus mutations could result in a more widespread health crisis. 
Additionally, the various pandemic containment measures undertaken by governments, including 
lockdowns, have had financial consequences for corporations and individuals. These factors in combination 
may result in protracted volatility in international markets and/or result in a severe and extended global 
recession as a consequence of disruptions to nearly all economic sectors. 
The Issuer has taken measures to ensure the safety of its operations for both its employees and customers, 
e.g. maximum possible use of remote work, providing disinfectants and protective equipment for all its 
employees and customers and limiting the number of physical customer contacts. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer is continuing to monitor the impact which the COVID-19 outbreak could have and 
is having on its operations, the markets in which the Issuer operates and more broadly on the macro-
economic outlook as further cases emerge and governments and international agencies impose a range of 
measures to deal with the outbreak. Extensive measures have already been taken by governments in Europe, 
and while as at the date of this Base Prospectus the effect on the Issuer has so far been limited it remains 
difficult to predict the extent of the effect which COVID-19 may still have from a public health perspective 
and pre-emptive measures that may further be adopted with a view to containing its spread (such as travel

--- Page 33 ---
10227697736-v33
- 24 -
70-41032654
 
bans, quarantine, elective self-isolation and temporary business shut-downs). These factors have had and 
could continue to have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operations and economic conditions and 
financial markets both in the Baltics and globally. 
Whilst the full impact and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, including any potential future resurgence, 
and the measures taken in response are difficult to predict as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the COVID-
19 pandemic, various emergency measures applied in relation to the pandemic globally, as well as the 
negative effects the pandemic has had and may continue to have on the economy and financial markets, 
could adversely impact the Issuer, its business, financial condition and results as follows:  
 
a downturn in the economy could result in an increase in defaults by the borrowers financed by the 
Issuer and other contractual partners (including borrowers financed under Mortgage Loans 
included in the Cover Pool) of the Issuer, which could cause an increase in the restructuring and 
impairment of the Issuer’s loan portfolio as the number of COVID-19 affected customers 
experiencing financial difficulties increases; 
 
it could result in lower interest income receipts as a result of any such restructuring of the Issuer’s 
loans as mentioned above; 
 
the continuity of the Issuer’s operations could be affected by the further implementation of 
quarantine, self-isolation, social distancing or other similar measures affecting the employees of 
the Issuer or due to the spread of COVID-19 amongst the employees of the Issuer; 
 
a continued downturn in the economy could result in a further increase in defaults by borrowers 
financed by the Issuer and other contractual partners of the Issuer; 
 
the implementation of governmental and other measures to combat the pandemic and the associated 
economic downturn have included and may continue to include measures including, among other 
things, the suspension of mortgage payments, the adoption of new rules relating to the payment of 
penalty interest, the imposition of restrictions on the termination of agreements and/or the 
application of enforcement measures and on taking steps with a view to initiating insolvency and/or 
enforcement proceedings which would affect the income receivable by the Issuer from its 
borrowers. In particular, the Issuer has decided on a voluntary basis to apply industry-wide private 
moratoria initiatives in each Baltic country, which comply with the European Banking Authority’s 
guidelines on legislative and non-legislative moratoria on loan repayments applied in the light of 
the Coronavirus crisis (EBA-GL-2020-02); 
 
 a worsening economic environment could increase the Issuer’s liquidity risk due to the Issuer’s 
dependence on external funding sources. In the event that deposits with the Issuer decrease or 
confidence of investors in the financial markets reduces, this could have a detrimental effect on the 
Issuer’s ability to secure stable and continuous funding;  
 
cyber security risk of the Issuer might increase due to a significant number of the Issuer’s 
employees working off premises (factors impacting the level of security being, among others, 
reduced physical security, use of untrusted data networks and the use of unsecured networks/wi-
fi);  
 
there could be a decrease in demand for the Issuer’s services as a result of any economic downturn 
caused by the pandemic; and 
 
a decrease in deposits as customers withdraw money from accounts to increase their liquidity. 
As referenced to above and as further described in the Issuer’s Annual Report 2021 the Issuer is granting 
grace periods to its customers in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, including for principal 
payments of mortgage loans. Mortgage loans in respect of which a grace period has been granted would 
continue to be considered eligible for the Cover Pool, provided that they are not overdue (based on the 
amended repayment schedule granted to the customer) and comply with all other eligibility criteria. The 
granting of such grace periods may affect the income receivable by the Issuer and thus, the Issuer’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and the value of the Notes on the mortgage loans included by the 
Issuer in the Cover Pool. With respect to Covered Bonds in particular, the granting of such grace periods 
may affect the income receivable on the Mortgage Loans included by the Issuer in the Cover Pool.

--- Page 34 ---
10227697736-v33
- 25 -
70-41032654
 
Any of the above listed effects could also affect both the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes and the value of the Notes. 
Furthermore, any decrease in demand for loans from the Issuer or defaults of the borrowers on any loans 
from the Issuer may adversely affect the availability of Eligible Assets for inclusion in the Cover Pool. 
Additionally, any measures taken to combat any downturn in the economy (such as the measures described 
above) may reduce the value of the Mortgage Loans included in the Cover Pool. This may result in the 
Cover Pool not meeting applicable legal and regulatory requirements (please see the risk factor "Failure of 
the Cover Pool to meet the requirements of the ECBA"). In such case, the Issuer would generally be obliged 
to supplement the Cover Pool with Eligible Assets but if it is unable to do so, the Covered Bond Portfolio 
could be separated from the Issuer’s assets and the Covered Bond Portfolio may become insolvent (please 
see the risk factor "Default of Issuer's Assets or an inability to supplement the Cover Pool with Eligible 
Assets and Insolvency of the Covered Bond Portfolio " below). In such scenario, Covered Bondholders may 
not receive payments under the Covered Bonds as they fall due and the value of the Covered Bonds could 
decrease. 
There can be no guarantee that any similar pandemics or outbreaks will not occur in the future or that the 
effects of the current global pandemic will not deteriorate further. If such pandemics or outbreaks occur in 
the future, these may result in similar or more adverse effects as the COVID-19 pandemic, and could result 
in similar or further adverse effects on the Issuer, the Notes and the position of the Noteholders. 
Risks associated with the Notes 
Modification and waivers 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote 
upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting, or as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution including those Noteholders who voted 
in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Furthermore, the Conditions of the Notes provide that the Notes, the Conditions of the Notes and the Deed 
of Covenant may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a 
manifest error or to comply with any amendments, updates and/or modifications to the ECBA or any other 
applicable legislation passed after the date hereof by or on behalf of the Republic of Estonia or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to make such amendment, update 
and/or modification, which impacts the Issuer's obligations in relation to the Notes or the Covered Bond 
Portfolio. The Issuer cannot foresee, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, what such changes may entail, 
however, any changes made will be binding on Noteholders. 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 9(n)(i)(C) (Redemption and Purchase – Extension of maturity to 
Extended Maturity Date), the Issuer may amend, by a notice to the Covered Bondholders, the circumstances 
in which such automatic extension can apply if it determines that such circumstances qualify as permitted 
conditions for automatic extension of maturity under the ECBA (as in force at the relevant time). See the 
risk factor entitled "Extended Maturity of the Covered Bonds" below for further information. 
Credit risk of the Issuer 
An investment in the Notes is subject to credit risk, which means that the Issuer may fail to meet its 
obligations arising from the Notes duly and in a timely manner. The Issuer's ability to meet its obligations 
arising from the Notes and the ability of the holders of the Notes to receive payments arising from the Notes 
depends on the financial position and the results of operations of the Issuer, which are subject to other risks 
described in this Base Prospectus. The Notes are not bank deposits in the Issuer and are not guaranteed by 
the Deposit Guarantee Fund (in Estonian: Tagatisfond). 
No ownership rights 
An investment into the Notes is an investment into debt instruments, which does not confer any legal or 
beneficial interest in the equity of the Issuer or any of the subsidiaries thereof or any voting rights or rights 
to receive dividends or other rights which may arise from equity instruments. The Notes represent an 
unsecured debt obligation of the Issuer (or, with respect to the Covered Bonds, a debt obligation covered 
by the assets in the Cover Pool), granting the Noteholders only such rights as set forth in the Note Terms.

--- Page 35 ---
10227697736-v33
- 26 -
70-41032654
 
The value of the Notes might be affected by the actions of the shareholder of the Issuer over which the 
investors do not have control. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
There can be no assurance that a liquid market for the Notes will be maintained. The investors may find it 
difficult to sell their Notes or to sell them at prices producing a return comparable to returns on similar 
investments in the secondary market. 
The Notes are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently no active 
trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and 
form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If a market does develop, it may not 
be very liquid. Therefore, no liquidity of any market in the Notes can be assured; nor the ability of the 
holders of the Notes to sell their Notes or the prices at which they would be able to sell their Notes. 
If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may be traded at a discount or at a premium to their 
initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general 
economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. It is possible that the market for the Notes 
will be subject to disruptions or volatility. Any such disruption or volatility may have a negative effect on 
holders of either series of the Notes, regardless of the Issuer's prospects and financial performance. As a 
result, there is no assurance that there will be an active trading market for the Notes. If no active trading 
market develops, you may not be able to resell your holding of the Notes at a fair value, if at all. 
Although an application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to listing on Euronext Dublin there 
can be no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so 
admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the 
development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
Exchange rates and exchange controls 
The Issuer will predominantly pay principal and interest on the Notes in Euro (the "Specified Currency"). 
This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if a holder of the Notes financial activities is 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes 
due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) 
the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, holders of the Notes may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with or senior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue that ranks senior to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes or on the amount of securities that it may issue that rank pari passu 
with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities may 
reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders in the event of voluntary or involuntary liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Interest rate risks 
An investment in the Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of the Notes. Particularly long-term fixed-rate Notes involve a high risk of a material decline 
in value if the market rate exceeds the rate paid in accordance with the fixed-rate Notes. On the other hand, 
holders of Notes that are subject to redemption at the option of the Issuer should not expect, in case of 
falling market rates, that the price would substantially exceed the redemption price. The yield to maturity 
on the Notes is affected by a number of factors that cannot be predicted at the time of the investment.

--- Page 36 ---
10227697736-v33
- 27 -
70-41032654
 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in the 
event that the Issuer is, or will be, subject to additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges with 
respect to such Notes, or the Issuer is not, or will not, be entitled to claim a deduction in respect of payments 
in respect of such Notes as the case may be in computing its taxation liabilities (or the value of such 
deduction would be materially reduced), in either case as a result of any Change in Tax Law of the Taxing 
Jurisdiction which becomes effective or is announced on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series of Notes, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions 
and (in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted Senior Preferred Notes), 
subject to compliance with certain regulatory conditions and approval by the Competent Authority or 
Resolution Authority, as applicable (each as defined below). 
In the event that the Issuer is, has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any Change in Tax Law, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes, and such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in 
accordance with the Conditions and (in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes), subject to compliance with certain regulatory conditions and approval 
by the Competent Authority or Resolution Authority, as applicable (each as defined below). 
The Issuer may also be entitled to redeem in whole (but not in part) Subordinated Notes if a Capital Event 
or an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes if an MREL Disqualification Event occurs. 
In respect of Subordinated Notes, the regulatory conditions include the requirement under the CRD Package 
that, if such Notes are to be redeemed during the first five years after the issue date of the last tranche of 
any series of such Notes, the Issuer must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that 
the event triggering such redemption was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issue of the Notes 
and, in the case of an early redemption relating to the tax treatment of the Notes, that the adverse treatment 
is material and, in the case of an early redemption relating to a Capital Event, that such change is sufficiently 
certain. These foreseeability and materiality Conditions to Redemption contained in the CRD Package only 
apply to a redemption of Subordinated Notes occurring in the first five years after the issue date of the last 
tranche of any series of such Subordinated Notes and, therefore, an issuer of regulatory capital securities, 
such as the Subordinated Notes, could opt to redeem such Notes for tax or regulatory reasons after the fifth 
anniversary of issue, including based upon an event that occurred within the first five years of issue of the 
last tranche of any series of such Subordinated Notes. There can therefore be no assurances that 
Subordinated Notes will not be called for tax or regulatory reasons prior to any specified optional call date. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes 
are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances the Issuer may choose to redeem the 
Notes (subject, in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes to certain regulatory conditions and approvals) at times when prevailing interest rates 
may be relatively low. In such circumstances a holder of the Notes may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant 
Notes and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. The exercise of any optional redemption 
feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer may, or is 
perceived to be able to, elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
There may be no rights of set-off or counterclaim 
Holders of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, shall 
not be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect 
of such Notes. Therefore, such Noteholders will not be entitled (subject to applicable law) to set off the 
Issuer's obligations under such Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer.

--- Page 37 ---
10227697736-v33
- 28 -
70-41032654
 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, holders 
of the Notes will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the 
Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes 
will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the 
circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, holders of the Notes will not be entitled to receive 
definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests 
in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, holders of the Notes 
will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
their participants. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note 
must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the 
relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in 
respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial 
interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action 
against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights 
under the Deed of Covenant. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rate or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to 
be implemented. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds became 
applicable from 1 January 2018. The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another 
benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in 
order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and such changes could (amongst other 
things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for 
reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of 
certain "benchmarks." 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term 
rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 
October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks 
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be 
further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark.

--- Page 38 ---
10227697736-v33
- 29 -
70-41032654
 
The elimination of any benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, could 
require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further 
described in Condition 6(h) (Floating Rate Note Provisions - Benchmark Replacement)) or result in adverse 
consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose 
interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, 
even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates 
and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the 
relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) 
based on the same benchmark. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out below provide for certain fallback arrangements in the 
event that a published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any 
successor service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be 
determined by an independent adviser or the Issuer or set by reference to a reference bond rate, a successor 
rate or an alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted 
(if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant 
benchmark. However, any such adjustment may not be successful in eliminating economic prejudice or 
benefit and the Notes may still perform differently than they would if the original rate had remained in 
place. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in 
the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative 
reference rates and the involvement of an independent adviser or the relevant Issuer, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
In respect of any Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 capital, notwithstanding any provision of 
Condition 6(h) (Floating Rate Note Provisions - Benchmark Replacement), no Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and conditions of 
any Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the 
relevant Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 capital. 
In respect of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, notwithstanding any 
provision of Condition 6(h) (Floating Rate Note Provisions - Benchmark Replacement), no Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and 
conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to the extent that, 
in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice such Notes being 
MREL Eligible Liabilities (in each case for the purposes of, and in accordance with, the relevant Applicable 
Banking Regulations) or in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result 
in the Resolution Authority treating a future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of such Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date for the purposes of qualification as eligible liabilities and/or loss 
absorbing capacity of the Issuer. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under Floating Rate Notes or could 
have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under Floating Rate 
Notes. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
Floating Rate Notes and consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation, any of the international or national reforms and the 
possible application of the benchmarks replacement provisions on Notes in making any investment decision 
with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
The value of the Notes may be adversely affected by a negative change to an applicable Credit Rating 
Any adverse change in an applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price for the Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
10227697736-v33
- 30 -
70-41032654
 
Credit Rating may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign a credit rating to the issue of Notes. The rating 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in 
this section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. In addition, other rating agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Notes. In 
such circumstances there can be no assurance that the unsolicited rating(s) will not be lower than the 
comparable solicited ratings assigned to the Notes, which could adversely affect the market value and 
liquidity of the Notes. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended) subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third 
country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by EEA-registered 
credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by 
a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for 
a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in 
the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. 
The Issuer may be subject to statutory resolution 
On 6 May 2014, the EU Council adopted the European Union directive establishing a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended by the BRRD II, the "Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD"). The BRRD sets out the necessary steps and powers to 
ensure that bank failures across the EU are managed in a way which mitigates the risk of financial instability 
and minimises costs for taxpayers. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a harmonised set of 
tools and powers to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to 
ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the 
impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system. Negotiations continue both at 
technical and political level, with a view to further EU banking reforms, see 'Risk associated with regulatory 
capital requirements' above. 
The BRRD contemplates that powers will be granted to supervisory authorities including (but not limited 
to) the introduction of a statutory "write-down and conversion power" (exercisable in relation to Tier 1 
capital instruments and Tier 2 instruments) and a 'bail-in and loss absorption' power (exercisable in relation 
to other securities that are not Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital instruments), which will give the recovery and 
resolution authority under the BRRD and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (the "Relevant Resolution 
Authority"), the power to cancel all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain unsecured 
liabilities (which could include the Notes (including Covered Bonds, with the exception that the bail-in and 
loss absorption mechanism cannot be applied to Covered Bonds issued in accordance with the ECBA and

--- Page 40 ---
10227697736-v33
- 31 -
70-41032654
 
structured finance arrangements, including to securitisations and instruments which are used for hedging 
purposes which form an integral part of the Cover Pool and which are secured in a way similar to Covered 
Bonds)) of a failing financial institution and/or to convert certain debt claims (which could include the 
Notes (including Covered Bonds, with the exception that the bail-in and loss absorption mechanism cannot 
be applied to Covered Bonds issued in accordance with the ECBA and structured finance arrangements, 
including to securitisations and instruments which are used for hedging purposes which form an integral 
part of the Cover Pool and which are secured in a way similar to Covered Bonds)) into another security, 
including equity instruments of the surviving Issuer entity, if any. The Estonian legislation implementing 
the BRRD, the Estonian Financial Crisis Prevention and Resolution Act, entered into force on 29 March 
2015 and was most recently amended in March 2022. For more information on the implementation of the 
BRRD in Estonia, see "The Estonian resolution legislation implementing the BRRD Directive" below. 
As well as a "write-down and conversion power" and a "bail-in and loss absorption" power as described 
above, the powers granted to the Relevant Resolution Authority under the BRRD include the power to (i) 
direct the sale of the relevant financial institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms 
without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying with the procedural requirements that would 
otherwise apply, (ii) transfer all or part of the business of the relevant financial institution to a "bridge bank" 
(a publicly controlled entity) and (iii) transfer assets of the relevant financial institution to an asset 
management vehicle to allow them to be managed over time. In addition, among the broader powers granted 
to the Relevant Resolution Authority under the BRRD, the BRRD provides powers to the Relevant 
Resolution Authority to amend the maturity date and/or any interest payment date of debt instruments or 
other eligible liabilities of the relevant financial institution and/or impose a temporary suspension of 
payments. 
The write-down and conversion power can be used to ensure that Tier 1 and Tier 2 Capital instruments 
fully absorb losses at the point of non-viability of an institution (or, if applicable, its group) and before any 
other resolution action is taken. 
The general bail-in and loss absorption powers set out in the BRRD are not intended to apply to secured 
debt (such as the Covered Bonds to the extent they are secured) and the Financial Crisis Prevention and 
Resolution Act (as amended, the "FCPRA"), by which the BRRD was implemented into Estonian law, 
provides that: (i) the bail-in and loss absorption tool may not be applied to, inter alia, covered bonds and 
financial instruments included in a covered bond portfolio and used for hedging purposes that are secured 
in a way similar to covered bonds; and (ii) the application of the bail-in and loss absorption tool may not 
affect the cover pool and upon the application of the bail-in and loss absorption tool, the cover pool shall 
remain segregated and with enough funding. However, to the extent that claims in relation to the Covered 
Bonds and Derivative Instruments are not met out of the assets comprising the Cover Pool (and the relevant 
residual claims arising from the Covered Bonds and Derivative Instruments subsequently rank pari passu 
with unsecured debt), the relevant claims arising from the Covered Bonds and Derivative Instruments may 
be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on any application of the general bail-in and loss 
absorption powers, which may result in the Covered Bondholders losing some or all of their investment. 
Further, there remains significant uncertainty regarding the ultimate nature and scope of the bail-in and loss 
absorption powers under the BRRD and how they will affect the Issuer, the Group or the Covered 
Bondholders, and there can be no assurance that the manner in which it is implemented or the taking of any 
actions by the Relevant Resolution Authority currently contemplated in the BRRD would not adversely 
affect the rights of the Covered Bondholders, the price or value of the Covered Bonds and/or the Issuer's 
ability to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Pursuant to Condition 25 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), each Noteholder 
acknowledges and accepts that any liability of the Issuer arising under the Notes may be subject to the 
exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. The Bail-in and 
Loss Absorption Powers that may be exercised in respect of Covered Bonds are more limited, as further 
described below. The exercise of any such power or any suggestion of such exercise could materially 
adversely affect the value of any Notes subject to the BRRD and could lead to the Noteholders losing some 
or all of their investment in the Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own advisers 
as to the consequences of the implementation of the BRRD. 
In addition to the BRRD, the EU has adopted a directly applicable regulation governing the resolution of 
the most significant financial institutions in the Eurozone, i.e. a regulation establishing a Single Resolution 
Mechanism for them (806/2014, "SRM Regulation", as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council). The SRM Regulation establishes a single European resolution

--- Page 41 ---
10227697736-v33
- 32 -
70-41032654
 
board (consisting of representatives from the European Central Bank ("ECB"), the European Commission 
and the relevant national resolution authorities) (the "Resolution Board") having resolution powers over 
the entities that are subject to the SRM Regulation, thus replacing or exceeding the powers of the national 
resolution authorities. On 10 February 2018 the ECB determined the Issuer to be a significant financial 
institution and as such, the Issuer became subject to the SRM Regulation. 
Under Article 5(1) of the SRM Regulation, the Resolution Board has been granted those responsibilities 
and powers granted to the member states' resolution authorities under the BRRD for those banks subject to 
direct supervision by the ECB. The SRM Regulation mirrors the BRRD and, to a large part, refers to the 
BRRD so that the Resolution Board is able to apply the same powers that would otherwise be available to 
the relevant national resolution authority. These resolution powers include the sale of business tool, the 
bridge institution tool, the asset separation tool, the bail-in and loss absorption tool and the mandatory write-
down and conversion power in respect of capital instruments. The use of one or more of these tools will be 
included in a resolution scheme to be adopted by the Resolution Board. National resolution authorities will 
remain responsible for the execution of the resolution scheme according to the instructions of the Resolution 
Board. 
The Resolution Board is responsible for preparing and adopting a resolution plan for the entities subject to 
its powers, including the Issuer. It also determines, after consulting competent authorities including the 
ECB, the Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities (the "MREL"), which the Issuer is 
expected to be required to meet at all times. The Resolution Board will also have the powers of early 
intervention as set forth in the SRM Regulation, including the power to require the Issuer to contact 
potential purchasers in order to prepare for resolution of the Issuer. The Resolution Board will have the 
authority to exercise the specific resolution powers under the SRM Regulation. These will be launched if 
the Resolution Board assesses that the following conditions are met: (i) the Issuer is failing or is likely to 
fail; (ii) having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect that any 
alternative private sector measures or supervisory action or the write-down or conversion of relevant capital 
instruments, taken in respect of the Issuer, would prevent its failure within a reasonable timeframe; and (iii) 
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
The exercise of any resolution powers or early intervention measures by the Resolution Board or any 
powers pursuant to BRRD with respect to the Issuer or any suggestion of such exercise will likely materially 
adversely affect the price or value of an investment in Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under such Notes and could lead to the holders of the Notes losing some or all of their 
investment in the Notes. 
The Estonian resolution legislation implementing the BRRD Directive 
The BRRD was implemented in Estonia by the FCPRA. Under the FCPRA, the Relevant Resolution 
Authority is the Estonian Financial Supervision Authority (the "EFSA"). The FCPRA provides for certain 
resolution measures, including the power to impose in certain circumstances a suspension of activities. Any 
suspension of activities can, to the extent determined by the EFSA, result in the partial or complete 
suspension of the performance of agreements entered into by the Issuer. The FCPRA also grants the power 
to the EFSA to take a number of resolution measures which may apply to the Issuer, including (i) a forced 
sale of the credit institution (sale of business), (ii) the establishment of a bridge institution bank or, (iii) the 
forced transfer of all or part of the assets, rights or obligations of the credit institution (asset separation) and 
(iv) the application of the general bail-in and loss absorption tool. In addition, the FCPRA sets forth that all 
credit institutions must at all times meet the MREL determined by the EFSA for each credit institution. The 
powers set out in the resolution legislation will impact how credit institutions are managed as well as, in 
certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. The bail-in and loss absorption tool is not intended to apply 
to secured debt, and hence should apply to Covered Bonds only to the extent that the amounts payable in 
respect of the Covered Bonds exceed the value of the Cover Pool against which payment of those amounts 
is secured. However, there remains significant uncertainty as to the ultimate nature and scope of the bail-in 
and loss absorption tool and how it would affect the Covered Bondholders and the Issuer. 
If the debt bail-in and loss absorption tool and the statutory write-down and conversion power become 
applicable to the Issuer, the Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on any 
application of the bail-in and loss absorption tool, which may result in Noteholders losing some or all of 
their investment. Subject to certain conditions, the terms of the obligations owed by the Issuer may also be 
varied by the Relevant Resolution Authority (e.g. as to maturity, interest and interest payment dates). The 
exercise of any power under the resolution legislation or any suggestion of such exercise could materially

--- Page 42 ---
10227697736-v33
- 33 -
70-41032654
 
adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
There remains uncertainty regarding how the FCPRA, including any amendments made thereto in relation 
to the transposition of BRRD II, would affect the Issuer, the price or value of an investment in the Covered 
Bonds and/or the Issuer's ability to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds. Accordingly, it is not 
yet possible to assess the full impact of the FCPRA. The Covered Bonds may under certain circumstances 
described above be part of the claims and debts in respect of which the EFSA could use the bail-in and loss 
absorption powers to write-down or convert the principal of the Covered Bonds. There can be no assurances 
that the FCPRA could not adversely affect the price or value of an investment in Covered Bonds subject to 
the provisions of the FCPRA and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Covered 
Bonds. Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should consult their own advisors as to the 
consequences of the implementation of the FCPRA. Regardless of the above, the centralised power of 
resolution is entrusted to the Resolution Board and the EFSA will work in close cooperation with it. 
Any Notes issued under the Programme may be subjected in the future to the bail-in and loss absorption 
resolution tool by the Relevant Resolution Authority and to the mandatory burden sharing measures for 
the provision of precautionary capital support which may result into their write-down in full 
Under the FCPRA, powers have been granted to the Relevant Resolution Authority which include the bail-
in and loss absorption tool through which a credit institution subjected to resolution may be recapitalised 
either by way of write-down or conversion of liabilities into ordinary shares. The bail-in and loss absorption 
tool may be imposed either as a sole resolution measure or in combination with the rest of the resolution 
tools that may be imposed by the Relevant Resolution Authority in case of the resolution of a failing credit 
institution. 
Any Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes that will be issued under 
the Programme may be subjected to the said bail-in and loss absorption tool. So, if the Issuer is subjected 
to resolution measures in the future, then the value of such Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Subordinated Notes may be written down (up to zero) as a result of the imposition of the bail-in 
and loss absorption tool by the EFSA. Furthermore, the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Subordinated Notes may be subject to modifications or the disapplication of provisions in the Conditions 
of the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, including alteration of 
the principal amount or any interest payable on the Notes, the maturity date or any other dates on which 
payments may be due, as well as the suspension of payments for a certain period. 
The bail-in and loss absorption tool is not intended to apply to secured debt, and hence should apply to 
Covered Bonds only to the extent that the amounts payable in respect of the Covered Bonds exceed the 
value of the Cover Pool against which payment of those amounts is secured. However, there remains 
significant uncertainty as to the ultimate nature and scope of the bail-in and loss absorption tool and how it 
would affect the Covered Bondholders and the Issuer. 
Pursuant to Condition 25 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), each Holder of Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes acknowledges and accepts that any 
liability of the Issuer arising under the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes may be subject to the exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. 
Changes in laws or administrative practices could entail risks 
The conditions of the Notes are based on the laws of England in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant 
Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws 
of England or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. Furthermore, the Issuer operates 
in a heavily regulated environment and has to comply with extensive regulations in Estonia, Latvia and 
Lithuania (the Issuer operates in Latvia and Lithuania through its branches and subsidiaries). No assurance 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to laws or administrative practices 
or certain regulatory developments of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania after the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 43 ---
10227697736-v33
- 34 -
70-41032654
 
Denominations of the Definitive Notes may be illiquid 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may 
be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of 
the minimum Specified Denomination (or its equivalent). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination may not 
receive Definitive Notes in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and may need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to the minimum Specified 
Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes are issued, Noteholders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the larger the remaining term of such securities 
the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
Conflicts may arise between the interests of the Calculation Agent and the interests of the Noteholders 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders, including 
with respect to certain determinations and judgements that such Calculation Agent makes pursuant to the 
Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and 
upon their redemption. 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may 
affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market 
price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
Recognition of choice of court agreements and enforcement of foreign judgements in Estonia 
In accordance with Condition 24(b) (Governing Law and Jurisdiction - English courts), the courts of 
England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
(including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes). In accordance 
with Condition 24(d) (Governing Law and Jurisdiction - Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings 
outside England) , notwithstanding Condition 24(b) (Governing Law and Jurisdiction - English courts), 
any Noteholder may take proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the 
extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
Under item (a) of paragraph 1 of Article 67 of the agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community 
(the "Withdrawal Agreement", the provisions regarding jurisdiction of Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of 
the European Parliament and the Council of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and 
enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (recast) (the "Brussels Regulation") apply in 
respect of legal proceedings instituted before 1 January 2021 and in respect of proceedings or actions that 
are related to such legal proceedings pursuant to Articles 29, 30 and 31 of the Brussels Regulation. Under 
item (a) of paragraph 2 of Article 67 of the Withdrawal Agreement, the Brussels Regulation shall apply to 
the recognition and enforcement of judgments given in any legal proceedings instituted before 1 January 
2021, and to instruments formally drawn up or registered and court settlements approved or concluded 
before such date. Under Estonian law, the provisions of international treaties and the Brussels Regulation 
have supremacy over the national law provisions on jurisdiction. Accordingly, for the purposes of legal 
proceedings initiated, instruments formally drawn up or registered, and court settlements approved or

--- Page 44 ---
10227697736-v33
- 35 -
70-41032654
 
concluded before 1 January 2021, the validity of the choice of jurisdiction of English courts is to be assessed 
in an Estonian court (should a dispute be brought to an Estonian court), and the judgements of English 
courts are to be recognised in Estonia in accordance with, and subject to limitations arising from, the 
Brussels Regulation. The recognition of the choice of jurisdiction of English courts and the recognition and 
enforcement of judgements of English courts made on or after 1 January 2021 would be assessed and carried 
out in Estonia in accordance with Hague Convention of 30 June 2005 on Choice of Court Agreements and 
the Estonian Code of Civil Procedure, if and as applicable.  
The validity of the parties’ agreement on jurisdiction, including as stipulated by Condition 24(b) 
(Governing Law and Jurisdiction - English courts) would be assessed by Estonian courts in accordance 
with, firstly, the Hague Convention on the Choice of Court Agreements, and, secondly, the Estonian Code 
of Civil Procedure. The Estonian Code of Civil Procedure would also apply to recognition of choice of 
court and enforcement of judgements of courts of other countries which are not subject to the Brussels 
Regulation or international agreements or conventions. 
The Estonian Code of Civil Procedure stipulates that parties are generally free to contractually agree on a 
jurisdiction of their choice, provided that, among others, the contract is concluded in the course of their 
business activities, in writing or in a format which can be reproduced in writing and does not relate to a 
matter in respect of which the exclusive jurisdiction of Estonian courts is stipulated by the Estonian Code 
of Civil Procedure. In order to be valid, the relevant agreement concerning applicable jurisdiction should 
not in bad faith exclude a party's right to use Estonian jurisdiction. The validity of asymmetric jurisdiction 
clauses is not expressly regulated in the Estonian Code of Civil Procedure and is untested in the practice of 
the Estonian Supreme Court. Furthermore, the Estonian Code of Civil Procedure provides with respect to 
the recognition of judgements of foreign courts that, a court may refuse, on the application of an interested 
party, to recognise the judgment based on the grounds stipulated in the Estonian Code of Civil Procedure. 
Such grounds include, above all, conflict with public policy, failure to deliver the action and procedural 
documents to the defendant, existence of the conflicting court decisions and inappropriate jurisdiction, 
amongst others. 
Thus, the ability of Noteholders to bring proceedings against the Issuer in English courts or other foreign 
courts and the recognition and enforcement of the judgements of English courts and other foreign courts in 
Estonia may be subject to limitations and conditions arising from, as applicable in each particular situation, 
the international agreements or conventions or the Estonian Code of Civil Procedure, and, for legal 
proceedings instituted before 1 January 2021, the Brussels Regulation. 
Recognition and enforcement of choice of English law to govern the Notes and procedural rules applied 
in court proceedings in Estonia 
Under item (a) of Article 66 of the Withdrawal Agreement, Regulation (EC) No 593/2008 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 17 June 2008 on the law applicable to contractual obligations (the "Rome 
I Regulation") shall apply in respect of contracts concluded before the end of the transition period under 
the Withdrawal Agreement i.e. before 1 January 2021. As under Estonian law the provisions of international 
treaties and the Brussels Regulation have supremacy over national law provisions on jurisdiction, if a 
dispute relating to an agreement concluded before 1 January 2021 (including in respect of the Notes) is 
brought in an Estonian court and should such Estonian court have jurisdiction over the dispute, the choice 
of governing law would be assessed by the Estonian court on the basis of the Rome I Regulation. For 
contracts concluded on or after 1 January 2021, recognition of choice of law to govern any contractual 
obligations would, in a situation where a relevant dispute is brought before an Estonian court (and provided 
that such Estonian court has jurisdiction over the dispute instead of the English courts due to the limitations 
and conditions applicable under any of the legislative acts, as applicable, described under "Recognition of 
choice of court agreements and enforcement of foreign judgements in Estonia" above) be decided by the 
Estonian court in accordance with the Estonian Private International Law Act. In accordance with the 
Estonian Private International Law Act, as a general principle, an agreement shall be governed by the law 
chosen by the parties and, by their choice, parties may select the law applicable to the whole or part of the 
agreement. However, a foreign law chosen by the parties shall not be applied by Estonian courts in certain 
circumstances, above all, if: (i) application of a provision of foreign law is manifestly incompatible with 
the public policy ("order public") of Estonia; (ii) provisions of foreign law allow the parties to deviate 
from the provisions of Estonian law that have extraterritorial application or overriding mandatory 
provisions; or (iii) the substance of the applicable foreign law cannot be established by the Estonian court, 
regardless of all reasonable efforts, within a reasonable time. In such circumstances Estonian courts may 
apply Estonian law instead.

--- Page 45 ---
10227697736-v33
- 36 -
70-41032654
 
Further to the above, in any proceedings taken in Estonian courts or other authorities for the enforcement 
of the Notes, the courts and the authorities would apply procedural rules of Estonian law, and the 
enforcement would thus be subject to the limitations arising from Estonian law. Such limitations include, 
inter alia, that the enforcement of the Notes in Estonian courts may be subject to restrictions based upon 
principles of reasonableness and fairness, statutory limitations for filing of claims and the general 
discretionary authority of the courts to mitigate damages. In addition, restrictions on the enforcement of the 
Notes could (depending on the circumstances) arise from applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium 
and other laws of general application relating to or affecting generally the enforcement of creditors' rights 
and remedies from time to time in effect. 
Any of the above may adversely affect the enforcement by Noteholders of their claims against the Issuer 
arising from the Notes. 
Risks related to the Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes  
Under certain circumstances, the Issuer's ability to redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes, the 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be limited 
The rules under the CRD Package prescribe certain conditions for the granting of permission by the 
Competent Authority or the Relevant Resolution Authority (as applicable) to a request by the Issuer to 
redeem or repurchase Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes. The Issuer may redeem or repurchase Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted 
Senior Preferred Notes only if such redemption or repurchase is in accordance with applicable provisions 
of the Applicable Banking Regulations, and, where necessary, has been granted the approval of or 
permission from (in the case of the Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority or (in the case of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted Senior Preferred Notes) the Resolution Authority (in each such case, to 
the extent such approval is then required under the Applicable Banking Regulations) and, in addition if: 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase of the Notes, the Issuer replaces the Notes with own 
funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments (as applicable) of an equal or higher quality on 
terms that are sustainable for its income capacity;  
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes) or (in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) the Resolution Authority that its own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such 
redemption or repurchase, exceed the requirements under the Applicable Banking Regulations by 
a margin that (in the case of Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority or (in the case of 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes to the extent 
that such Subordinated Notes have ceased to qualify, in whole but not in part, as Tier 2 Capital the 
Resolution Authority may consider necessary or;  
(iii) 
(in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only) the Issuer 
has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority and/or the Resolution Authority 
that the partial or full replacement (as applicable) of its eligible liabilities with own funds 
instruments is necessary to ensure compliance with the own funds requirements set out in the CRD 
Package for continuing authorisation. 
In addition, the rules under the CRD Package provide that the Competent Authority may only permit the 
Issuer to redeem Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Capital before five years after the issue date of 
the last Tranche of any Series of such Subordinated Notes if: 
 
the conditions listed in paragraph (i) or (ii) above are met; and 
 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Competent Authority 
considers such change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction 
of the Competent Authority that the Capital Event was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of 
the issuance of the Subordinated Notes; or 
 
in the case of redemption for taxation reasons pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the

--- Page 46 ---
10227697736-v33
- 37 -
70-41032654
 
Competent Authority that the change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of issuance of the Subordinated Notes; or 
 
before or at the same time of such redemption or repurchase, the Issuer replaces the Notes with 
own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity and the Competent Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the determination 
that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional 
circumstances; or 
 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes. 
The rules under the CRD Package may be modified from time to time after the Issue Date of Subordinated 
Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are subordinated to most of the Issuer's 
liabilities 
If the Issuer is declared bankrupt and a winding-up is initiated, the claims of the holders of its senior debt 
and its obligations to most of its other creditors (including unsecured creditors but excluding any obligations 
in respect of more subordinated debt or other obligations that by law rank, or by their terms are expressed 
to rank, pari passu with or junior to the claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes or the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, as applicable) will be satisfied (after covering the costs of and other payments relating to 
bankruptcy proceedings) before any payments on the relevant Subordinated Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, as applicable. Furthermore, pursuant to the amendments introduced by BRRD II to Article 48 (7) of 
BRRD (which was transposed into Estonian law in May 2021), all claims resulting from own funds items 
shall have, in relevant insolvency proceedings, a lower priority ranking than any claim that does not result 
from an own funds item. For the purposes of the previous sentence, to the extent that an instrument is only 
partly recognised as an own funds item, the whole instrument shall be treated as a claim resulting from an 
own funds item and shall rank lower than any claim that does not result from an own funds item. This 
means that, regardless of their contractual ranking, liabilities that are no longer at least partially recognised 
as an own funds instrument for the purpose of the CRR shall rank senior to any liabilities fully or partially 
recognised as an own funds instrument. Accordingly, claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes that 
qualify as Tier 2 Capital will have, in the bankruptcy proceedings carried out in respect of the Issuer, a 
lower priority ranking than any claims that do not result from own funds items in accordance with the 
provisions of BBRD II, even if the Subordinated Notes are only partly recognised as an own funds item of 
the Issuer. In any of the above situations, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these 
payments to pay amounts due under the relevant Subordinated Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as 
applicable. Although the Subordinated Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as applicable, may pay a 
higher rate of interest than notes which are not subordinated, there is a substantial risk that investors in the 
Subordinated Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose all or some of the value of their investment 
should the Issuer become insolvent. See also "The Issuer may be subject to statutory resolution", above. 
Remedies in case of default on Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes are severely limited 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Subordinated Notes and Restricted Senior Preferred Notes will contain 
limited enforcement events relating to (a) non-payment by the Issuer of any amounts due and (b) the 
winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, whether in Estonia or elsewhere. 
In such circumstances, as described in more detail in Condition 13.2 (Events of Default – Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes) of the Conditions, a Noteholder may 
declare its Notes to be due and payable at their principal amount, and prove or claim in the winding-up, 
insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
In each case, however, the holder of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and Restricted 
Senior Preferred Notes may claim payment in respect of such Notes only in the winding-up, insolvency or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer.

--- Page 47 ---
10227697736-v33
- 38 -
70-41032654
 
The Issuer could, in certain circumstances, substitute or vary the terms of Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes 
To the extent that any Series of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes contains provisions relating to the substitution or variation of such Notes, in certain 
circumstances (such as if a Capital Event, Withholding Tax Event, Tax Event or MREL Disqualification 
Event has occurred and is continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness of Condition 25 
(Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)), the Issuer may, in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations and without the consent or approval of the Noteholders, substitute or vary the terms 
of such Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 25 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and 
Loss Absorption Powers)) to ensure that, if applicable, they continue to qualify as, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes (save to the extent provided below), Tier 2 Capital or in the case of Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes that have ceased to qualify in whole 
but not in part, as Tier 2 Capital eligible liabilities, in accordance with the Conditions, or in order to ensure 
the effectiveness of Condition 25 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers). 
While the Issuer cannot make changes to the terms of such Notes that are materially less favourable to a 
holder of such Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, the 
governing law of Condition 25 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers) may be changed 
in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 25 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and 
Loss Absorption Powers). 
There can be no assurance as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular 
Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied Notes could be 
different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding 
the Notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
The Issuer's gross-up obligation under the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Subordinated Notes is limited 
The Issuer's obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of 
taxes under the terms of any Series of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes applies only to payments of interest due and payable under such Notes and not to 
payments of principal (which term, for these purposes, includes any premium, final redemption amount, 
early redemption amount, optional redemption amount and any other amount (other than interest) which 
may from time to time be payable in respect of such Notes). 
As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of any Series of 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes to the extent any 
withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such withholding or 
deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under any Series of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, such Noteholders would, upon repayment or 
redemption of such Notes, be entitled to receive only the net amount of such redemption or repayment 
proceeds after deduction of the amount required to be withheld. Therefore, Noteholders may receive less 
than the full amount due under such Notes, and the market value of such Notes may be adversely affected 
as a result. 
The qualification of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as 
"eligible liabilities" is subject to uncertainty 
The Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended to be "eligible 
liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) ("MREL Eligible Liabilities") which are available to 
count towards the Issuer's and/or the Group's eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity. However, 
there is uncertainty regarding the final substance of the applicable MREL regulations and how those 
regulations, once enacted, are to be interpreted and applied and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance 
that Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be (or thereafter remain) MREL 
Eligible Liabilities.  
The Issuer may be entitled to redeem in whole (but not in part) Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes if an MREL Disqualification Event occurs.

--- Page 48 ---
10227697736-v33
- 39 -
70-41032654
 
Risks related to the Covered Bonds 
Default of Issuer's Assets or an inability to supplement the Cover Pool with Eligible Assets and 
Insolvency of the Covered Bond Portfolio 
Default of the Issuer's assets (in particular assets in the Cover Pool) or an inability to supplement the Cover 
Pool with Eligible Assets could jeopardise the Issuer's ability to make payments on the Covered Bonds in 
full or on a timely basis. 
Under the ECBA in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus, to comply with the statutory requirements, 
the Issuer must ensure, no later than by the end of the transitional period applicable to the Issuer as provided 
by the ECBA and expiring on 8 July 2022, that (i) the nominal value of the total amount of the Cover Pool 
continuously exceeds the liabilities covered by at least five per cent and (ii) if the known redemption value 
of Covered Bonds is higher than their nominal value at the time of issue, the Cover Pool must, in addition 
to meeting the requirement set out in item (i), have a nominal value at least equal to the redemption value 
of the Covered Bonds. Where assets included in the Cover Pool no longer satisfy this criterion, the Issuer 
is required to supplement the Cover Pool with additional Eligible Assets. Should the Issuer not have 
sufficient Eligible Assets to add to the Cover Pool, the Issuer may be unable to meet the referred statutory 
requirement. Furthermore, after the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio from the Issuer's assets, the 
Issuer is not permitted under the ECBA to make any transactions with the assets in the Covered Bond 
Portfolio and therefore, no addition of assets to the Cover Pool can be expected following the occurrence 
of a separation event which may occur due to, among other things, a declaration of bankruptcy or a 
moratorium in respect of the Issuer; termination of the validity of the credit institution licence or additional 
authorisation for issuing covered bonds held by the Issuer; the entering into force of a court ruling providing 
for compulsory dissolution of the Issuer; receiving an authorisation from the EFSA for voluntary dissolution 
or discontinuation of the issuance of Covered Bonds; or where the EFSA resolves that the Covered Bond 
Portfolio should be separated from the Issuer's assets on the grounds provided in the ECBA. 
If: (i) the present value of the Cover Pool does not cover the present value of the liabilities arising from 
Covered Bonds and from the Derivative Instruments entered in the cover register and the expenses of 
management of the Covered Bond Portfolio or (ii) the Cover Pool or the income receivable from the Cover 
Pool is not sufficient to settle a rightful claim of at least one Covered Bondholder or at least one counterparty 
to a Derivative Instrument entered in the cover register and the situation is not temporary due to the financial 
standing of the Covered Bond Portfolio, the Covered Bond portfolio will be deemed insolvent and the 
EFSA may apply to court for the initiation of bankruptcy proceedings with respect to the Covered Bond 
Portfolio. To the extent that claims of the Covered Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds and 
counterparties to the Derivative Instruments included in the Cover Pool are not met out of the Cover Pool 
in the bankruptcy proceedings carried out in respect of the Covered Bond Portfolio, the Covered 
Bondholders and counterparties to the Derivative Instruments included in the Cover Pool may submit their 
claims arising from the Covered Bonds and Derivative Instruments against the Issuer or its bankruptcy 
estate, but such residual claims of the Covered Bondholders and counterparties to the Derivative 
Instruments included in the Cover Pool will not be preferred claims, will rank pari passu with the unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions 
of law that are both mandatory and of general application) and may thus not be satisfied in full. 
Extended Maturity of the Covered Bonds 
If a bankruptcy, compulsory dissolution or another event described in Condition 9(n)(i)(B) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Extension of maturity to Extended Maturity Date) has occurred in respect of the Issuer and, 
as a result of such an event the Covered Bonds are not redeemed in full on the Maturity Date at their Final 
Redemption Amount or within three Business Days thereafter, the maturity of the outstanding principal 
amount of such Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date will be automatically extended to the Extended 
Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 9(n) (Redemption and Purchase – Extension of maturity to 
Extended Maturity Date) and notification of such shall be delivered to the relevant Covered Bondholders 
and to the Paying Agents. In the event of such extension, the Issuer shall redeem the outstanding principal 
amount of such Covered Bonds at their Final Redemption Amount on the Extended Maturity Date. In 
addition, all or any part of the outstanding principal amount of such Covered Bonds may be redeemed on 
any extended Interest Payment Date, occurring during the period up to and including the Extended Maturity 
Date. The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not provide for events of default entitling Covered 
Bondholders to demand immediate redemption and do not include a cross-default or cross-acceleration 
provision (see further – Risk Factors - Risks related to the Covered Bonds - No Events of Default). The

--- Page 49 ---
10227697736-v33
- 40 -
70-41032654
 
extension of the maturity of the outstanding principal amount of the Covered Bonds to the Extended 
Maturity Date will not result in any right of the Covered Bondholders to accelerate payments on such 
Covered Bonds and no payment will be payable to the Covered Bondholders in that event other than as set 
out in the Conditions. 
Furthermore, pursuant to Condition 9(n)(i) (Redemption and Purchase – Extension of maturity to Extended 
Maturity Date), the Issuer may amend, by a notice to the Covered Bondholders, the circumstances in which 
such automatic extension can apply if it determines that such circumstances qualify as permitted conditions 
for automatic extension of maturity under the ECBA (as in force at the relevant time). By virtue of this 
Condition the Issuer is entitled to unilaterally specify other circumstances that are not known at the date of 
this Base Prospectus in which the maturity of the outstanding principal amount of the Covered Bonds will 
be automatically extended to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 9(n) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Extension of maturity to Extended Maturity Date), provided that the addition of such other 
circumstances are permitted by the ECBA as then in force.  
Under Estonian law, after the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio from the Issuer's assets which may 
arise due to, amongst other things, a declaration of bankruptcy or a moratorium in respect of the Issuer; the 
entering into force of a court ruling providing for compulsory dissolution of the Issuer; the additional 
authorisation for issuing covered bonds or credit institution licence held by the Issuer ceasing to be in force; 
or where a resolution of the EFSA that the Covered Bond Portfolio should be separated from the Issuer's 
assets on the grounds that the Issuer is likely to become insolvent in the near future takes effect, the Issuer 
will then not be permitted to make any transactions with the assets in the Covered Bond Portfolio. As such, 
unlike the period prior to occurrence of such events (see further – Risk Factors - Risks related to the Covered 
Bonds – Limited Description of the Cover Pool) the Covered Bond Portfolio will not be dynamic and, as 
such, no enhancement of the credit quality of the assets in the Cover Pool can be expected. 
Therefore, investors investing in Covered Bonds with an Extended Maturity Date should be aware of the 
possibility that their Covered Bonds will not be paid on the Maturity Date and that the interest basis, interest 
rates and interest periods for the period from the Maturity Date to the Extended Maturity Date may be 
different to those applicable for the period from the Issue Date to the Maturity Date, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Risks associated with the insufficient legal framework in Lithuania for covered bonds issued under the 
laws of Estonia and covered by Lithuanian assets 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Cover Pool includes Mortgage Loans secured by mortgages over 
Properties located in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. Since the mortgages related to Latvian and Lithuanian 
assets are governed by Latvian and Lithuanian laws and are located and enforceable in Latvia and Lithuania, 
respectively, such laws may affect the rights of the Covered Bondholders.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the laws of Lithuania do not expressly regulate the situation where 
Lithuanian assets form part of the cover pool of covered bonds issued under the laws of another jurisdiction 
nor do they expressly provide for the recognition of the protection afforded to such assets by the laws of 
that jurisdiction. The lack of such express recognition primarily affects the rights of the Covered 
Bondholders before the time at which bankruptcy or other winding-up proceedings are commenced against 
the Issuer. Bankruptcy and other winding-up proceedings in respect of the Issuer will be governed (in 
accordance with the provisions of Directive 2001/24/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
4 April 2001 on the reorganisation and winding up of credit institutions, as transposed into Estonian, 
Latvian and Lithuanian laws) by the laws of Estonia, which shall, among other things, determine the effect 
of the bankruptcy and winding-up proceedings on proceedings brought by individual creditors and as such, 
would allow the application of the ring-fencing regime set out in the ECBA with respect to the assets 
included in the Cover Pool which are located in Lithuania.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, certain legislative developments in Lithuania that could potentially 
introduce provisions relieving the uncertainty surrounding the protection of Lithuanian assets forming part 
of the cover pool of covered bonds issued under the laws of Estonia are expected to come into force (for 
more information on the described developments, see "Covered Bond Legislation Untested and Subject to 
Modification" below), however, until the scope and substance of changes to be made to the relevant 
Lithuanian laws become clear upon the adoption of the relevant laws and unless legislative changes are 
made in Lithuania governing the inclusion of Lithuanian assets in the cover pool of covered bonds issued 
under the laws of other jurisdictions (including Estonia) and affording similar protection as is provided by

--- Page 50 ---
10227697736-v33
- 41 -
70-41032654
 
the ECBA, upon the entry of Lithuanian assets in the Cover Pool, the Lithuanian assets in the Cover Pool 
may not always be subject to the same level of ringfencing prior to any bankruptcy and winding-up 
proceedings in respect of the Issuer, and the rights of Covered Bondholders in respect of Lithuanian assets 
may not always be subject to the same regime as is provided under the ECBA, and the enforcement of such 
rights may be uncertain due to a lack of relevant precedents. Furthermore, the exercise of certain rights 
related to separation, administration and enforcement of the Covered Bond Portfolio in Lithuania may be 
subject to additional formalities and requirements.  
The main risks relating to the addition of Lithuanian assets to the Cover Pool arising from the laws of 
Lithuania in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus, are the following:  
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus there are no express provisions under Lithuanian laws that would 
restrict third-party creditors having a claim against the Issuer from enforcing that claim against the 
Lithuanian assets included in the Cover Pool or recognising the provisions of the ECBA restricting 
such third party creditor's enforcement claims, including after the separation of the Cover Pool from 
the Issuer's other assets in accordance with the ECBA, other than in the event where bankruptcy or 
winding up proceedings are carried out in respect of the Issuer (where bankruptcy or winding up 
proceedings are carried out in respect of the Issuer, Estonian laws and consequently, the ringfencing 
regime set out in the ECBA, would apply, as explained in more detail above). In such circumstances, 
it cannot be excluded that Lithuanian assets included in the Cover Pool may be sold to discharge the 
Issuer's obligations to third party creditors and/or become subject to various provisional measures with 
respect to third party claims, including the possibility that they could be seized or attached, or 
restrictions may be established by Lithuanian courts for the collection or enforcement, or otherwise 
dealing with such assets. 
If any third-party enforcement claim is made before the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio, the 
Issuer will be under a continuous obligation to top up the Cover Pool or to replace the affected assets 
so as to maintain compliance with the requirements of the ECBA.  
However, if third party creditor's enforcement action is taken before the commencement of the Issuer's 
bankruptcy or winding up proceedings, but after the Covered Bond Portfolio is separated from the 
Issuer (which may be due to reasons other than the bankruptcy or winding-up of the Issuer, which 
have been described in subsection "Separation of the covered bond portfolio" in the section titled 
"Overview of Estonian Regulation Regarding Covered Bonds"), the Issuer would no longer be 
permitted to deal with the Cover Pool, and may not be able to add any additional assets to the Cover 
Pool and this could result in the reduction of the Cover Pool and its value, and affect the proceeds 
Covered Bondholders receive from the Cover Pool. Furthermore, bailiffs conducting enforcement 
proceedings in Lithuania, other than in the course of any bankruptcy or winding up proceedings in 
respect of the Issuer, may disregard the order of distribution of the enforcement proceeds stipulated in 
the ECBA and the priority of the Covered Bondholders in respect of such proceeds.   
 
Pursuant to the ECBA, if after the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio it becomes evident that 
the Cover Pool or proceeds therefrom are insufficient to discharge all liabilities arising from the 
Covered Bonds and Derivative Instruments recorded in the cover register and such situation is not 
temporary or the present value of the Cover Pool does not cover the present value of the relevant 
liabilities, the Covered Bond Portfolio will be deemed insolvent and the EFSA may apply to court for 
the initiation of bankruptcy proceedings with respect to the Covered Bond Portfolio. Such bankruptcy 
proceedings may not necessarily always run in parallel with the bankruptcy proceedings against the 
Issuer. However, Lithuanian law does not provide legal grounds to recognise bankruptcy proceedings 
commenced with respect to the Covered Bond Portfolio in Estonia as insolvency proceedings in the 
meaning of local laws. As a consequence, if the bankruptcy proceedings are commenced in respect of 
the Covered Bond Portfolio in Estonia, Lithuanian bailiffs conducting enforcement proceedings 
against Lithuanian assets included in the Cover Pool could reject the Covered Bond Portfolio 
bankruptcy administrator's request to terminate the enforcement proceedings due to such ongoing 
bankruptcy proceedings of the Covered Bond Portfolio in Estonia, unless bankruptcy or winding-up 
proceedings are carried out in respect of the Issuer.  
 
Lithuanian courts and authorities could refuse to start proceedings or take another action requested by 
the administrator of the separated Cover Pool or by the bankruptcy administrator appointed with

--- Page 51 ---
10227697736-v33
- 42 -
70-41032654
 
respect to the insolvent Covered Bond Portfolio, unless they recognise the power and capacity of a 
person to take the relevant action on behalf of the Cover Pool or Covered Bond Portfolio. Furthermore, 
certain authorities and third parties may require a power of attorney from the Issuer or its Lithuanian 
branch to accept the authorisation of the Cover Pool administrator or bankruptcy administrator. 
 
The statutory waivers of the notification or consent obligations provided in the ECBA would not be 
effective in Lithuania, and therefore, the separation of the Cover Pool and the Covered Bond Portfolio 
from the Issuer and the possible transfer of the Covered Bond Portfolio as a whole (which, pursuant 
to the ECBA, could be carried out by the Cover Pool administrator upon the consent of the EFSA) 
would be subject to all contractual and statutory consent and notification obligations required under 
Lithuanian law. In particular, there might be certain obstacles which would prevent the entire Covered 
Bond Portfolio and the Lithuanian Mortgage Loans forming part thereof from being transferred to 
another credit institution without the consent of other parties (e.g. the debtor or a third-party collateral 
provider) or local financial supervisory authorities. 
Laws applicable to assets included in the Cover Pool 
The claims under the Mortgage Loans and the mortgages that secure such claims, which form part of the 
assets contained in the Cover Pool, are governed by their contractual terms and various mandatory legal 
requirements and limitations arising from applicable laws, including mandatory consumer protection 
requirements, as well as rules and requirements relating to the right to enforce mortgages and dispose of 
the relevant property. To the extent that such requirements may restrict, limit, hinder or even prohibit certain 
actions in respect of the enforcement of the claims under the Mortgage Loans and the mortgages that secure 
such claims, there is a risk that the ability of the Issuer to realise the assets in the relevant Cover Pool may 
be delayed or may result in an increase in the costs of enforcement, that may ultimately lead to a reduced 
return to the relevant Covered Bondholders. 
Set-off by debtors of claims included in the Cover Pool 
The ECBA restricts the rights of debtors to set off their deposits or other claims towards the Issuer against 
the Issuer’s claims arising from the mortgage loans of the debtors which form part of the assets in the Cover 
Pool. Similarly, the Latvian Covered Bonds Law (as defined below) expressly prohibits set-off of debtors' 
and third party collateral providers’ claims related to the assets in the Cover Pool. 
However, there are currently no equivalent provisions under Lithuanian laws in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus.  
In Lithuania, mandatorily applicable laws in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus prohibit precluding 
or restricting a consumer's right to plead defences arising from a consumer credit contract against third 
parties to whom the obligee assigns the claims arising from the consumer credit contract. This means that, 
until such time when explicit prohibition on set-off is introduced in Lithuania, if the Covered Bond Portfolio 
or claims belonging to the Cover Pool are transferred to a third-party buyer, the Lithuanian debtors of claims 
which form part of the assets in the Cover Pool may be entitled to offset the relevant claims so transferred 
to the third-party buyer against their claims against the Issuer. A set-off by the borrower against the Issuer 
before the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio from the Issuer would require the Issuer to add 
additional assets to the Cover Pool, unless the Cover Pool satisfies the requirements of the ECBA regardless 
of the set-off. If such set-off is carried out by the borrower after the separation of the Covered Bond 
Portfolio from the Issuer, then the Issuer may no longer be permitted to add assets to the Cover Pool but 
shall be under obligation to transfer any proceeds or assets received (including by way of set-off) on account 
of the performance of any Mortgage Loans included in the Cover Pool to the disposal of the Cover Pool 
administrator. Should the Issuer be unable to fulfil such obligations, a set-off by debtors of claims which 
form part of the assets in the Cover Pool may reduce the amounts receivable from the assets in the Cover 
Pool, which may reduce the amounts receivable by the Covered Bondholders. 
Sharing of the Cover Pool 
Under the ECBA, Covered Bondholders (along with counterparties to Derivative Instruments) are given a 
statutory priority in the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer in relation to the assets entered into the cover 
register as collateral in respect of the Covered Bonds. Accordingly, notwithstanding that the Issuer has 
entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings (as well as upon certain other events prescribed in the 
ECBA), the Cover Pool shall separate from the Issuer and will form an independent pool of designated

--- Page 52 ---
10227697736-v33
- 43 -
70-41032654
 
assets and the Covered Bondholders (along with counterparties to Derivative Instruments and persons 
entitled to satisfy their claims for the account of the Cover Pool by operation of law) have the right to 
receive payment before all other claims against the Issuer out of the proceeds of the Cover Pool. As 
described in more detail under the risk factor "Default of Issuer's Assets", if the Covered Bond Portfolio 
becomes insolvent, to the extent that claims of the Covered Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds 
are not met out of the Cover Pool, in the bankruptcy proceedings carried out in relation to the Covered 
Bond Portfolio the residual claims of the Covered Bondholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. Covered Bondholders will not have any preferential right to the 
Issuer's assets other than those entered into the cover register as collateral in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Given the pari passu ranking of the Covered Bonds and Derivative Instruments under the ECBA, in the 
event of the Issuer's liquidation or bankruptcy, the amount available to be paid to Covered Bondholders out 
of the Cover Pool on a prioritised basis may be affected by the amounts payable at the relevant time to 
counterparties of Derivative Instruments. 
The funds accrued from the assets entered in the Cover Pool of the Covered Bonds after the separation of 
the Covered Bond Portfolio are repaid in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds 
and Derivative Instruments and in accordance with provisions of the ECBA. 
Transfer of the Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool after the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio 
In case the Covered Bond Portfolio (consisting of the Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool and the Derivative 
Instruments entered into the Register) is separated from the Issuer, the Cover Pool administrator may, upon 
the permission of the EFSA, transfer the separated Covered Bond Portfolio in its entirety to another 
Estonian credit institution that has obtained the additional authorisation to issue covered bonds or to a credit 
institution of a Contracting State of the European Economic Area Agreement which is permitted to issue, 
in the country where it is established, covered bonds meeting the conditions provided for in Directive (EU) 
2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Upon such transfer, all rights and obligations 
related to the Covered Bond Portfolio being transferred, including the liabilities arising from the Covered 
Bond Portfolio before the transfer of the rights and obligations, shall be transferred to the acquirer. The 
proceeds received from transfer of the Covered Bond Portfolio in its entirety shall be used to cover the 
expenses of management of the Covered Bond Portfolio. The funds remaining after all expenses are covered 
shall be included by the Cover Pool administrator in the Issuer's bankruptcy estate or other assets. Following 
such transfer, whether the Covered Bondholders receive all amounts to which they are entitled under the 
Covered Bonds and the value of the Covered Bonds shall be dependent on, among other things, the financial 
standing of the acquirer of the Covered Bond Portfolio.  
No market for collateral 
There is no assurance as to whether there will be a trading market for the collateral in the Cover Pool or an 
eligible transferee to take over the obligations relating to the Covered Bonds and the corresponding 
collateral after the insolvency of the Issuer or separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio. 
Failure of the Cover Pool to meet the requirements of the ECBA 
The Issuer will be required under the ECBA to comply with certain requirements of the ECBA as long as 
there is any Covered Bond outstanding. Under the ECBA, if the Cover Pool does not fulfil the requirements 
provided for in the ECBA, then the EFSA may (depending on the circumstances and the EFSA's discretion): 
(i) issue a precept requiring the Issuer to add additional Eligible Assets to the Cover Pool; (ii) decide the 
separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio from the Issuer; (iii) submit a bankruptcy petition with respect to 
the Covered Bond Portfolio; and/or (iv) revoke the Issuer's additional authorisation for the issuing of 
Covered Bonds. 
While there have been several covered bond issuances by the Issuer and also another Estonian credit 
institution under the ECBA, it must be noted that the Estonian covered bond law is relatively new and it 
may take some time for practice in regard to the ECBA (including the amendments made thereto in 
November 2021) and consistent interpretation of the requirements thereunder to emerge. Meanwhile, as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, there have been no investigations or proceedings towards the Issuer (nor 
any publicly disclosed investigations or proceedings towards any other Estonian issuer) for any breaches 
of or any non-compliance with the ECBA.

--- Page 53 ---
10227697736-v33
- 44 -
70-41032654
 
To be able to fulfil the requirements of the ECBA continuously, the Issuer currently uses a third-party IT 
system for the management and monitoring of the Covered Bond Portfolio and related aspects (e.g. the 
fulfilment of the insurance requirements prescribed under the ECBA (please see "Eligible cover pool 
assets" under "Overview of Estonian Regulation Regarding Covered Bonds" below). This creates the risk 
of dependency on third parties and could have a negative impact if the vendor's systems are not fully suitable 
for the Issuer or in case there are any technical issues with the vendor's systems. Furthermore, the system 
has been developed based on the current interpretation of the requirements of the ECBA. Therefore, there 
is the risk that the system is not fully suitable for the Issuer or that technical issues with the system may 
occur. The materialisation of such risks could potentially affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil the 
requirements of the ECBA. 
Any of the above risks could result in the holders of Covered Bonds receiving payment according to a 
schedule that is different than that contemplated by the terms of the Covered Bonds (with accelerations as 
well as delays) or that the holders of Covered Bonds are not paid in full, in part, due to the statutory limit 
to the priority of holders of Covered Bonds. 
Ability of Supervisor to declare Covered Bonds due and payable 
If the Covered Bond Portfolio is separated from the Issuer and the Cover Pool administrator appointed for 
the Cover Pool and the Covered Bond Portfolio appears to be insolvent, the Cover Pool administrator is, 
under the ECBA, obliged to notify the EFSA promptly thereof. On the basis of such notification or in case 
the EFSA itself finds that the Covered Bond Portfolio is insolvent, the EFSA may apply to court for the 
initiation of bankruptcy proceedings with respect to the Covered Bond Portfolio. Under the Estonian 
Bankruptcy Act (which applies to the bankruptcy proceedings of the Covered Bond Portfolio, with certain 
exceptions provided in the ECBA), as of the declaration of bankruptcy, with respect to the Covered Bond 
Portfolio, all the claims of the creditors against the debtor are deemed to have fallen due unless otherwise 
provided by law. Covered Bondholders should be aware therefore that their Covered Bonds may be declared 
forthwith due and payable prior to their Maturity Date. 
Collection of Mortgage Loans and Default by Borrowers 
The Mortgage Loans which secure the Covered Bonds will comprise loans secured on Property. The Issuer 
will be under an obligation to substitute any assets that are, for any reason, no longer eligible for collateral 
with Eligible Assets in accordance with the ECBA. If the Issuer does not have sufficient Eligible Assets to 
add to the Cover Pool, the Issuer would breach its statutory obligations as stipulated by the provisions of 
the ECBA. This could lead to the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio and possibly to bankruptcy 
proceedings being initiated in respect of the Covered Bond Portfolio. Under the ECBA, following the 
separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio from the Issuer's assets, the Issuer is no longer entitled to enter 
into any transactions in respect of assets in the Covered Bond Portfolio, which would, among other things, 
restrict the ability of the Issuer to top up the Cover Pool. 
A borrower may default on its obligations under its Mortgage Loan. Defaults may occur for a variety of 
reasons. Defaults under Mortgage Loans are subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks and rental 
yield reduction (in the case of investment Properties). Various factors influence mortgage delinquency 
rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as 
changes in the national or international economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, 
changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, 
political developments and government policies. Other factors in borrowers' individual, personal or 
financial circumstances may affect the ability of the borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans. Loss of 
earnings, illness, divorce, weakening of financial conditions or results of business operations and other 
similar factors may lead to an increase in delinquencies by and bankruptcies of borrowers, and could 
ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans. In addition, an 
individual's obligation to repay a Mortgage Loan may in certain circumstances be discharged in part in 
his/her personal bankruptcy proceedings if the value of the collateral does not cover the entire loan and the 
borrower does not have sufficient other assets and earnings to discharge in the relevant procedure. In 
addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a Property given as security for a Mortgage Loan at a price 
sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that Mortgage Loan will depend upon a number of factors, 
including the availability of buyers for that Property, the value of that Property and property values in 
general at the time. Any of the above circumstance may affect the level of proceeds receivable to the 
Covered Bondholders from the Cover Pool.

--- Page 54 ---
10227697736-v33
- 45 -
70-41032654
 
Value of Security over Property 
The security for a Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Pool consists of, amongst other things, the Issuer's 
interest in security over a Property. The value of such security and, accordingly, the level of recoveries on 
an enforcement of such security, may be affected by, among other things, a decline in the value of Property 
and the priority of such security. No assurance can be given that the values of relevant Properties will not 
decline or have not declined since the Mortgage Loan was originated. Although Estonian and Lithuanian 
laws, in conjunction with the Estonian and Lithuanian mortgage agreements, allow the mortgagee to 
commence enforcement of the mortgage without having to obtain a court ruling for such purpose, it is still 
possible that depending on the circumstances, the enforcement of the security may require obtaining a court 
decision or may be affected by court proceedings initiated by the debtor or the pledgor to delay or restrict 
the enforcement of the security. In the case of Latvian mortgage agreements, a court decision is always 
required to commence enforcement of the mortgage. The ability of the Issuer to enforce a security interest, 
including disposal of a Property will depend on, inter alia: (i) the potential need to obtain a court ruling for 
the enforcement process and the specifics of the relevant court proceedings; (ii) the housing market or 
commercial property market conditions at the relevant time; (iii) the availability of buyers for the relevant 
Property; and (iv) the results of the specific enforcement process. 
Concentration of Location of Properties 
All Mortgage Loans contained in the Cover Pool will be secured on Property located or incorporated in 
Estonia, Latvia and/or Lithuania. The value of the Cover Pool may decline sharply and rapidly in the event 
of a general downturn in the value of Property in Estonia, Latvia and/or Lithuania. Any such downturn may 
hence have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds and/or 
the price or value of the Covered Bonds. 
No Due Diligence 
The Dealers have not undertaken and will not undertake any investigations, searches or other actions in 
respect of any Mortgage Loans or Supplementary Collateral contained or to be contained in the Cover Pool 
but will instead rely on representations and warranties provided by the Issuer in the Dealer Agreement. The 
Issuer is obliged to ensure the Cover Pool fulfils the requirements of the ECBA. 
Proceeds receivable to Covered Bondholders from the Cover Pool may be reduced by the payment of 
mandatory costs, expenses and preferred claims from the proceeds of the Cover Pool 
In accordance with the ECBA, after the separation of the Covered Bond portfolio, the Cover Pool and the 
proceeds received from it can be used only to satisfy the claims of the holders of the respective type of 
Covered Bonds and of the counterparties to the Derivative Instrument and to cover the expenses related to 
the management of the Covered Bond portfolio. The expenses related to the management of the Covered 
Bond portfolio would likely mainly consist of the remuneration of the Cover Pool administrator and the 
expenses he or she incurs in the performance of the duties of the Cover Pool administrator. The 
remuneration of the Cover Pool administrator shall be decided by a court, on the proposal of the EFSA, 
which corresponds to the qualification of the Cover Pool administrator and the scope and complexity of his 
or her assignments. Pursuant to the ECBA in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the yearly 
remuneration of the Cover Pool administrator may not exceed 0.5 per cent. of the value of the cover assets 
included in the Cover Pool. There is no fixed limit on the reimbursement of the Cover Pool administrator's 
expenses but the ECBA provides that the Cover Pool administrator is only entitled to demand 
reimbursement of necessary expenses, on the basis of an application to the EFSA. The EFSA is obliged to 
verify whether the expenses incurred in the performance of the Cover Pool administrator's duties were 
justified and approve the amount of the necessary and justified expenses. 
In the event that the Covered Bond portfolio is declared bankrupt, the use and distribution of proceeds 
received from the Covered Bond portfolio shall be carried out in accordance with the Estonian Bankruptcy 
Act, among others, with the following specification provided in the ECBA: 
 
only the Covered Bondholders, the counterparties to the Derivative Instruments who have a claim 
under section 48 of the Bankruptcy Act, and other persons whose claims may be satisfied at the 
expense of the Cover Pool or proceeds received from it according to law, can be creditors in 
bankruptcy proceedings concerning the Covered Bond Portfolio; and

--- Page 55 ---
10227697736-v33
- 46 -
70-41032654
 
 
claims arising from Derivative Instruments and Covered Bonds shall have the same ranking and 
shall be satisfied before the claims of other creditors. 
In accordance with the above, the following payments may be made from the proceeds of the Covered Bond 
Portfolio prior to the satisfaction of the claims arising from Derivative Instruments and Covered Bonds: 
 
claims arising from the consequences of exclusion or recovery of assets; 
 
maintenance support paid to the debtor and his or her dependants (which would not be relevant in 
case of a legal entity); 
 
consolidated obligations; and 
 
the costs of the bankruptcy proceedings. 
Consolidated obligations are: (i) obligations arising from transactions and other acts performed by a trustee 
in the performance of his or her duties in the bankruptcy proceedings; (ii) obligations arising from contracts 
which the debtor has failed to perform, if the trustee has continued performance of the obligations or given 
notification that he or she intends to require performance of the contract; (iii) taxes relating to continuation 
of the business activities of the debtor; (iv) obligations to compensate for the damage caused during the 
bankruptcy proceedings by an unlawful action of a debtor who is a legal person; and/or (v) other obligations 
deemed to be consolidated obligations pursuant to the Estonian Bankruptcy Act. 
In the event that any of the above described costs or expenses arise, such costs and expenses would be 
satisfied before the claims of the Covered Bondholders and the counterparties to the Derivative Instruments, 
meaning that that proceeds receivable by the Covered Bondholders and the counterparties to the Derivative 
Instruments on the account of the Cover Pool may be reduced. 
Covered Bond Legislation Untested and Subject to Modification 
The ECBA was adopted on 13 February 2019 and came into effect on 1 March 2019. On 17 November 
2021, various amendments introduced into the ECBA were adopted which came into effect on 10 December 
2021. The main purpose of the amendments was to implement the requirements set out by Directive (EU) 
2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 (the "Covered Bond 
Directive") into Estonian law. The most significant changes introduced to the ECBA include, among others: 
 
introduction of the concept of "covered bond programme" and the requirement for the issuer of 
covered bonds under the ECBA to obtain separate authorisation from the EFSA for its covered bond 
programme in addition to the general activities license for issuing covered bonds; 
 
amendments to provisions regulating conditions for extending the maturity of the issuer’s payment 
obligation arising from covered bonds; 
 
amendments to and specification of requirements on the calculation of the cover pool of covered 
bonds and the requirements for conducting stress-testing towards the cover pool; 
 
additional eligibility criteria for persons that may be appointed as external cover pool monitor by the 
issuer of covered bonds; 
 
restrictions relating to set-off which are intended to limit the rights of debtors to set off their claims 
against the counterclaim of the issuer of covered bonds that has been registered to form part of the 
cover pool of covered bonds issued under the ECBA; and 
 
introduction of provisions aimed at the establishment of a pan-Baltic covered bond market, including 
provisions that would expressly allow for credit institutions to assign the claims thereof to another 
credit institution for the purposes of constituting a cover pool of covered bonds and allowing ring- 
fencing of such assigned claims. 
As described further in the section titled "Overview of Estonian Regulation Regarding Covered Bonds", the 
ECBA envisages a transitional period for issuers to bring their activities into compliance with the additional 
requirements established by the updated wording of the ECBA.

--- Page 56 ---
10227697736-v33
- 47 -
70-41032654
 
While the legislative framework relating to covered bonds is developing, the protection afforded to the 
holders of the Covered Bonds by means of a preference on the Cover Pool is based only on the ECBA and 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no practical experience in relation to the operation of the 
ECBA and its interpretation by Estonian courts. Furthermore, the provisions of the ECBA may be modified 
from time to time after the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds. 
On 23 June 2021, the Latvian Parliament adopted a new covered bonds law (the "Latvian Covered Bonds 
Law") which implements the requirements set out by the Covered Bond Directive into Latvian law, as well 
as, among other things, expressly recognising the possibility of establishing covered bond programmes 
with a cross-border cover pool (including situations where Latvian assets form part of a cover pool of 
covered bonds issued under the laws of another jurisdiction). Pursuant to the Latvian Covered Bonds Law, 
inclusion by an issuer of an EU/EEA member state of assets of a Latvian branch of that issuer in its cover 
pool is permitted without the formation of a specific covered bond company, provided that the Latvian 
branch of the issuer ensures the management of Latvian assets included in the cover pool. The Latvian 
Covered Bonds Law provides for the following specific safeguards to the rights of the covered bondholders 
where the covered bonds are secured with a cross-border cover pool which is established (as is the case for 
the Cover Pool of the Issuer) without the formation of a specific covered bond company: 
- 
the Latvian Covered Bonds Law explicitly provides for the protection of Latvian assets included 
in the cover pool against claims of third parties and stipulates that underlying assets included in the 
cover pool may not be subject to enforcement, nor may any action be brought against the issuer, 
the disposer, the covered bond company or the manager in relation to the underlying assets, except 
where action arises from the covered bond claims; 
- 
the Latvian Covered Bonds Law further provides that any liquidation of the cover pool and 
insolvency proceedings or an equivalent procedure within the meaning of the law of the country 
under which the programme has been established shall be carried out in accordance with the laws 
and regulations of that EU/EEA member state, regardless of whether the collateral is located or 
registered in Latvia. If the laws and regulations applicable to the programme provide liquidation 
of the cover portfolio as an aggregation of property, bankruptcy (within the meaning of the 
regulatory enactments of an EU/EEA member state) or similar procedures in accordance with the 
said regulatory enactments, the relevant process in Latvia is considered to be an insolvency process 
of a credit institution of a member state. It therefore follows from the Latvian Covered Bonds Law 
that bankruptcy proceedings of the Covered Bond Portfolio in Estonia should be recognised in 
Latvia in respect to Latvian assets; 
- 
pursuant to the Latvian Covered Bonds Law, no notification or consent of the debtor or third-party 
collateral provider is required for the alienation of assets. Moreover, the Latvian Covered Bonds 
Law invalidates any agreement between a debtor and issuer by which the alienation or transfer of 
assets to another person is prohibited or restricted if the alienation of assets is performed by the 
issuer or the transferor in accordance with the Latvian Covered Bonds Law; 
- 
the Latvian Covered Bonds Law provides for the protection of undisclosed information and the 
principles of processing of personal data in relation to the assets included in the cross-border cover 
pool. 
However, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no practical experience in relation to the 
operation of the Latvian Covered Bonds Law and its interpretation by Latvian courts. There is a 
possibility that the protections and safeguards for covered bondholders provided by the Latvian 
Covered Bonds Law will not be effective in practice (including due to the possible conflict between 
the laws of the jurisdiction under which the covered bond programme has been established and 
Latvian law). Furthermore, the provisions of the Latvian Covered Bonds Law may be modified 
from time to time after the issue date of any Covered Bonds. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus a draft of the law on securitisation and covered bonds of the Republic 
of Lithuania (the "Lithuanian Law on Securitisation and Covered Bonds") has been prepared by the 
Lithuanian Ministry of Finance and together with draft amendments to other laws has been registered for 
consideration before the Lithuanian Parliament. According to the current draft, if adopted, the Lithuanian 
Law on Securitisation and Covered Bonds will enter into force on 8 July 2022. The Lithuanian Law on 
Securitisation and Covered Bonds will implement the requirements of the respective EU legislation,

--- Page 57 ---
10227697736-v33
- 48 -
70-41032654
 
including the Covered Bond Directive into Lithuanian law, as well as deal with certain matters relevant to 
situations where Lithuanian assets form part of a cover pool of covered bonds issued under the laws of 
another jurisdiction. As legislative proceedings regarding the Lithuanian Law on Securitisation and 
Covered Bonds have not yet commenced, the final scope of the proposed Lithuanian legislation is uncertain 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus and it is not yet entirely clear whether the Lithuanian Law on 
Securitisation and Covered Bonds, if and when adopted, will eliminate or change the impact of the issues 
described under the risk factor entitled "Risks associated with the insufficient legal framework in Lithuania 
for covered bonds issued under the laws of Estonia and covered by Lithuanian assets" above. Lithuanian 
laws currently in force do not contain any specific provisions on the inclusion of Lithuanian assets to the 
cover pool of covered bonds issued under the laws of another jurisdiction nor on the recognition in 
Lithuania of the protection afforded to such assets by the laws of other jurisdiction (see further – "Risks 
associated with the insufficient legal framework in Lithuania for covered bonds issued under the laws of 
Estonia and covered by Lithuanian assets" above). 
There is a possibility that any new legislation in Lithuania, or any change to the existing legislation in 
Estonia or Latvia, may have an additional negative impact on the Covered Bonds, the treatment of Latvian 
and Lithuanian assets in the Cover Pool and the rights of Covered Bondholders in respect of Latvian and 
Lithuanian assets, as well as the potential to add Latvian and/or Lithuanian assets to the Cover Pool. 
No Events of Default 
The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer, 
and therefore the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not entitle Covered Bondholders to 
accelerate the Covered Bonds. As such, it is envisaged that Covered Bondholders will only be paid the 
scheduled interest payments under the Covered Bonds as and when they fall due under the terms and 
conditions of the Covered Bonds. As an exception to the above, under the ECBA, the Covered Bonds would 
become due and payable upon the declaration of the bankruptcy of the separated Covered Bond Portfolio - 
in such case, the Covered Bonds would become due and payable automatically, without entitling the 
Covered Bondholders to decide whether or not to accelerate the Covered Bonds. The absence of any events 
of default from the Terms and Conditions may make it less likely that the Covered Bondholders will recoup 
their investment in full in the event that the Issuer experiences financial distress. 
Limited Description of the Cover Pool 
Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Mortgage Loans 
and other Eligible Assets covering the Covered Bonds as it is expected that the composition of the portfolio 
of such Mortgage Loans and other Eligible Assets may change from time to time due to, for example, the 
inclusion and removal of Mortgage Loans to the Cover Pool from time to time. The Issuer does, however, 
have an obligation under the ECBA to publish certain prescribed information set out in the ECBA every 
quarter on its website relating to, inter alia, (i) the nominal value of outstanding covered bonds and of the 
cover pool; (ii) a list of all covered bonds under that covered bond programme with the International 
Securities Identification Numbers (ISINs), if any; (iii) the maturity structure of the covered bonds and the 
cover pool; (iv) the geographical distribution of the value of cover assets, at least to the accuracy of the 
country, based on the location of the property standing as security for a mortgage credit or commercial 
mortgage credit, and the location of the debtor or issuer in the case of other cover assets; (v) the type of 
property included in the cover pool, the total size and valuation method of the loans included in the cover 
pool; (vi) the distribution of substitute collateral, in terms of its value, between the types specified in 
subsection 20 (1) of the ECBA; (vii) the level of the liquidity buffer and information about the ratio between 
the total liquidity buffer and the payment obligations of the next 180 days; (viii) the percentage of the 
amount of substitute collateral, which has been in default for over 90 days or which the issuer estimates to 
be doubtful, in the cover pool; (ix) details in relation to market risk, including interest rate risk and currency 
risk, and credit and liquidity risks; (x) a list of the conditions suspending the maturity of a payment 
obligation; (xi) the amount of the main collateral, mandatory overcollateral and voluntary overcollateral; 
(xii) information about counterparties of derivative contracts; and (xiii) the methodology for calculating the 
ratio between credit and the value of the property standing as security for the credit. 
As the composition of the Cover Pool may change from time to time, there are no assurances that the credit 
quality of the assets in the Cover Pool will remain the same as at the date of this Base Prospectus or on or 
after the issue date of any Covered Bonds.

--- Page 58 ---
10227697736-v33
- 49 -
70-41032654
 
Reliance on Derivative Transaction Providers 
The Issuer may from time to time enter into one or more Derivative Instruments in order to hedge against 
risks relating to the Covered Bonds or Mortgage Loans or other Eligible Assets placed as collateral for such 
Covered Bonds. 
To provide a hedge against possible variances in the rates of interest receivable on the Mortgage Loans and 
other Eligible Assets from time to time included in the Cover Pool as cover assets for the Covered Bonds 
(which may, for instance, include variable rates of interest, discounted rates of interest, fixed rates of interest 
or interest rate caps or collars) and the interest rate(s) under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer may from time 
to time enter into one or more interest rate derivative transactions, and to provide a hedge against possible 
variances in the currency in which payments will be made to the Issuer in respect of the Mortgage Loans 
and other assets from time to time held by the Issuer as collateral for the Covered Bonds and the currencies 
in which the Issuer will be required to make payments in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer may 
from time to time enter into currency swap transactions. If the Issuer enters into a relevant Derivative 
Transaction at the time of an issuance of Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall disclose in the Final Terms the 
nature of the hedge (for example, an interest rate swap transaction or a currency swap transaction) and the 
identity of the Derivative Transaction counterparty. 
If the Issuer does not enter into any relevant Derivative Transaction or any Derivative Transaction 
counterparty defaults on its obligations to make payments in the relevant currency and/or at the relevant 
rate of interest under the relevant Derivative Transaction, the Issuer and the Covered Bond Portfolio will 
be exposed to changes in the relevant rates of interest and/or the relevant currency exchange rates. Unless 
one or more new or replacement Derivative Instruments are entered into, the Issuer may not have sufficient 
funds to make payments under all Covered Bonds then outstanding and the Covered Bond Portfolio may 
not be sufficient to satisfy all the claims of the Covered Bondholders. 
Risks relating to the ratings of the Covered Bonds 
The ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme by one or more independent 
credit rating agencies express a relative ranking of creditworthiness. 
The expected ratings of the Covered Bonds will be set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Tranche of 
Covered Bonds. A rating agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgment of a 
rating agency if the credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined or is in question. If any rating assigned 
to the Covered Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Covered Bonds may be reduced. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time. A rating may not reflect the potential impact of all of the risks related 
to the structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of 
the Covered Bonds. 
In general, European (including United Kingdom) regulated investors are restricted under the CRA 
Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EU (which, for these purposes, includes the United Kingdom) and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. 
Such general restrictions will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU and non-UK credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered or UK registered credit 
rating agency or the relevant non-EU or non-UK rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended). If the status of the rating agency rating the Covered Bonds changes, European (including 
United Kingdom) regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and 
the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in European (including United 
Kingdom) regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary 
market. The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in 
such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating 
agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.

--- Page 59 ---
10227697736-v33
- 50 -
70-41032654
 
Covered Bondholders should note that at any time a rating agency may revise its relevant rating 
methodology or revise its current ratings criteria with result that, among other things, any rating assigned 
to the Covered Bonds may be lowered and/or in order to comply with any such revised criteria or rating 
methodology, amendments may be made to the transaction documents. 
Any changes to the methodology applied for rating covered bonds or the expectations a rating agency with 
regards to the nature of counterparty contracts and ratings of Cover Pool counterparties might lead to a 
downgrade of the Covered Bonds or re-affirmation of the Covered Bond rating and might require that 
certain amendments are made to the transaction documents to be able to satisfy the revised criteria. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer will not be obliged, following a change in rating methodology by a 
rating agency to amend any of the Conditions of a relevant Series to maintain the then ratings of the Covered 
Bonds. 
The Issuer may make modifications to the Conditions without the Covered Bondholders' prior consent 
The parties to the Agency Agreement are required to, without the consent or sanction of any of the holders 
of any Series of Covered Bonds, the related couponholders, concur with the Issuer in making any 
modifications to the transaction documents and/or the Conditions that are requested by the Issuer to comply 
with any criteria of the rating agencies which may be published after the date of this Base Prospectus and 
which the Issuer certifies in writing are required to avoid a downgrade, withdrawal or suspension of the 
then current ratings assigned by a rating agency to any Series of Covered Bonds. 
In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement are required to, and the Issuer may also agree to EMIR 
Related Modifications (as defined below), without the consent of the holders of Covered Bonds or 
couponholders of any Series subject to the Issuer certifying that the requested modifications of the terms 
and conditions applying to Covered Bonds of any one or more Series (including the Conditions), the related 
Coupons and/or any relevant Conditions are to be made solely for the purpose of enabling the Issuer to 
comply with any requirements which apply to it under Regulation (EU) 648/2012 (the "European Market 
Infrastructure Regulation" or "EMIR") ("EMIR Related Modifications") and such EMIR Related 
Modifications do not relate to a Series Reserved Matter.

--- Page 60 ---
10227697736-v33
- 51 -
70-41032654
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The documents set out below that are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are, where indicated, 
direct translations into English from the original languages of the parties documents. To the extent that 
there are any inconsistencies between the original language versions and the translations, the original 
language versions shall prevail. The information set out shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form 
part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
Luminor Group 2020: the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the 
year ended 31 December 2020 prepared in accordance with IFRS, and the auditors' report thereon 
(set out on pages 28 to 149 of the 2020 annual report of the Issuer) available at 
https://luminor.ee/s3fs-public/documents/luminor-bank-2020-annual-report_eng.pdf; 
2. 
Luminor Group 2021: the 2021 annual report of the Issuer (excluding page 3), which includes at 
pages 27 to 109 (inclusive) the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of 
the year ended 31 December 2021 prepared in accordance with IFRS and the auditors' report 
thereon; available at https://luminor.ee/s3fs-public/documents/21fy-bank-annual-report.pdf;  
3. 
The 2018 terms and conditions set out on pages 35-61 in the Base Prospectus dated 2 October 2018 
available 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_04ff5d3f-2b85-4587-b656-f2d3e5b31cd8.PDF 
4. 
The 2019 terms and conditions set out on pages 52-91 in the Base Prospectus dated 9 April 2019 
(as supplemented by supplements thereto dated 10 June 2019 and 20 February 2020) available at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_36a00cb3-c943-45fc-8067-8a3e6828d2a5.PDF;    
5. 
The 2020 terms and conditions set out on pages 55-100 in the Base Prospectus dated 17 April 2020 
available 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_30e49bdc-0e76-4e1d-9ff8-fd4a533632aa.pdf; and 
6. 
The 2021 terms and conditions set out on pages 63-109 in the Base Prospectus dated 6 May 2021 
available 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202105/e9125778-50dd-41c8-aae9-c4dd2e5d866e.PDF.   
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may also be inspected, free of charge, at Luminor Bank AS, Liivalaia 45, 10145, Tallinn, 
Estonia. 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which 
is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. In particular, the independent auditor's reports mentioned above contain references to "Other 
Information". Such "Other Information" does not form a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Supplements 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CBI in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any 
such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified 
or superseded, constitute part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 61 ---
10227697736-v33
- 52 -
70-41032654
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information which is necessary to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses, financial position and prospects of the Issuer and of the 
rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the 
different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base 
Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known 
at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a 
Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in 
the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all relevant information. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes or (2) by a registration document (the 
"Registration Document") containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer, a securities note 
(the "Securities Note") containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and, if 
necessary, a summary note. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 62 ---
10227697736-v33
- 53 -
70-41032654
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes issued under this Programme in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in 
the form of either a temporary global note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest 
coupons, or a permanent global note in bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest 
coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case 
may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global 
note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be 
issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the ECB announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the "Standards for 
the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for 
the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB 
also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem 
operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Bearer Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosysem eligibility criteria. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United 
States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the 
Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D 
Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest 
coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification 
as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global 
Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase 
in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate 
of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, 
that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note.

--- Page 63 ---
10227697736-v33
- 54 -
70-41032654
 
If: 
(a) the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has 
requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note; or 
 
(b) the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global 
Note has occurred (taking into consideration any applicable Extended Maturity Date in the case 
of any Covered Bonds represented by such Temporary Global Note) and, in either case, payment 
in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made 
to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of paragraph (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of paragraph (a) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c) if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 
30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global 
Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with 
its terms; or 
(c) the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global 
Note has occurred (taking into consideration any applicable Extended Maturity Date in the case 
of any Covered Bonds represented by such Permanent Global Note) and, in either case, payment 
in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made 
to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for 
payment,

--- Page 64 ---
10227697736-v33
- 55 -
70-41032654
 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of paragraph (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on the date on which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of paragraph (a) above) 
or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (paragraph (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of 
the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA 
C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially 
be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without 
such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of 
the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global 
Note has occurred (taking into consideration any applicable Extended Maturity Date in the case 
of any Covered Bonds represented by such Temporary Global Note) and, in either case, payment 
in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made 
to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for 
payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of paragraph (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (in the case of paragraph (a) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will 
be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs:

--- Page 65 ---
10227697736-v33
- 56 -
70-41032654
 
(i) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global 
Note has occurred (taking into consideration any applicable Extended Maturity Date in the case 
of any Covered Bonds represented by such Permanent Global Note) and, in either case, payment 
in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made 
to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for 
payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of paragraph (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (paragraph (a) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note 
or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which 
they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note 
became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions 
of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to 
the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code."

--- Page 66 ---
10227697736-v33
- 57 -
70-41032654
 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered 
form ("Individual Note Certificates") or a global Note in registered form (a "Global Registered Note"), 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the new 
safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name of a common 
depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with 
the common depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note 
to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the 
relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates 
in accordance with its terms. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Registered Notes are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Registered Notes are to be so held does 
not necessarily mean that the Registered Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.  
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect 
of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable 
for Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note 
which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(a) on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Note ", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business or 
(ii) any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf 
of the registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to 
complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and 
addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the 
principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the 
specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be 
effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect 
of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
exchange.

--- Page 67 ---
10227697736-v33
- 58 -
70-41032654
 
If: 
(a) Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Note; or 
(b) any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of the Notes has occurred (taking into consideration any applicable Extended Maturity Date in the 
case of any Covered Bonds represented by such Global Registered Note) and, in either case, 
payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not 
been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of paragraph (a) above) or at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of paragraph (b) above) and the holder of the Global 
Registered Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder 
of the Global Registered Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant. Under the Deed of 
Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Registered Note will acquire directly 
against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Global 
Registered Note became void, they had been the holders of Individual Note Certificates in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary 
of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 68 ---
10227697736-v33
- 59 -
70-41032654
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of 
Notes which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State or in the United 
Kingdom, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of 
any Tranche of Notes may supplement, amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" above. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Luminor Bank AS (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
and Covered Bond Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 
5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and 
each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each 
Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms 
and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the 
event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement 
dated 28 April 2022 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any 
successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), Citibank 
Europe Plc as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression includes any successor 
registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), the paying agents 
named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression 
includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes) and the transfer agents named therein (together with the 
Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional 
transfer agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). In these 
Conditions references to the "Agents" are to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents 
and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them. 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in 
registered form ("Registered Notes"). Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of 
covenant dated 28 April 2022 (the "Deed of Covenant") entered into by the Issuer. 
(e) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Notes may be Unrestricted Senior 
Preferred Notes, Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Subordinated Notes or Covered Bonds, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Copies of 
the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing and copies may be obtained from 
Luminor Bank AS, at Liivalaia 45, Tallinn 10145, Estonia. 
(f) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions. 
Noteholders and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" 
and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies 
of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection by 
Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Agents, 
the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.

--- Page 69 ---
10227697736-v33
- 60 -
70-41032654
 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s) " means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Additional Tier 1 Capital" means additional tier 1 capital for the purposes of the 
Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, delegated or 
implementing acts, regulatory or implementing technical standards, rules, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy and/or minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity then in effect in Estonia 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD, the SRM Regulation, 
BRRD, the Creditor Hierarchy Directive and those regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy and/or minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liability and/or loss absorbing capacity and/or the implementation of the Creditor 
Hierarchy Directive adopted by the Competent Authority, the Resolution Authority or any 
other national or European authority from time to time, and then in effect (whether or not 
such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they 
are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer); 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU as the same may be amended or replaced from time 
to time, including without limitation, by the Creditor Hierarchy Directive and Directive 
(EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 
98/26/EC;  
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally 
in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following 
day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in 
which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 70 ---
10227697736-v33
- 61 -
70-41032654
 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to 
the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will 
be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last 
day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified 
number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Capital Event" means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the 
Competent Authority, that a change in Estonian law or Applicable Banking Regulations 
or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or 
after the Issue Date (including as a result of the implementation or applicability in Estonia 
of CRD on or after the Issue Date) which change was not reasonably foreseeable by the 
Issuer as at Issue Date, has resulted or would be likely to result in the outstanding 
aggregate principal amount of the Subordinated Notes being fully, or partially, excluded 
from inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, on a solo or consolidated basis, (other 
than as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital as applicable to 
the Issuer);  
"CIBOR" means, in respect of Danish Kroner and for any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Copenhagen interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently NASDAQ Copenhagen) in accordance 
with the requirements from time to time of the Danish Bankers' Association based on 
estimated interbank borrowing rates for Danish Kroner for a number of designated 
maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic CIBOR 
rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Competent Authority" means any authority having primary responsibility for the 
prudential supervision of the Issuer at the relevant time; 
"Conditions to Redemption" means the Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 
9(m) (Redemption and Purchase - Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase) or as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Covered Bondholders" means the holders of Covered Bonds; 
"Covered Bonds" means the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as Covered 
Bonds;

--- Page 71 ---
10227697736-v33
- 62 -
70-41032654
 
"CRD" means the legislative package consisting of the CRD Directive, the CRR and any 
CRD Implementing Measures; 
"CRD Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU, as the same may be amended or replaced 
from time to time, including without limitation as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019; 
"CRD Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or 
other requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in 
conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by 
financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a solo or 
consolidated basis, as the case may be) to the extent required by the CRD Directive or the 
CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical standards released by 
the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof); 
"CRD Package" means the CRR and the CRD (together with any CRD implementing 
measures);  
"Credit Institutions Act" means the Estonian Credit Institutions Act; 
"Creditor Hierarchy Directive" means Directive 2017/2399/EU or any equivalent 
legislation that supersedes or replaces it; 
"CRR" means Regulation 575/2013, as the same may be amended or replaced from time 
to time (including as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of May 20, 2019) or similar laws in Estonia); 
"DA Selected Bond" means the selected government security or securities selected by the 
Determination Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the 
remaining term of the Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to 
the remaining term of the Notes; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA) " is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year

--- Page 72 ---
10227697736-v33
- 63 -
70-41032654
 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed) " is so specified, means the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
[ଷ଺଴×(௒మି௒భ)][ଷ଴×(ெమିெభ)](஽మି஽భ)
ଷ଺଴
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[ଷ଺଴×(௒మି௒భ)][ଷ଴×(ெమିெభ)](஽మି஽భ)
ଷ଺଴
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and

--- Page 73 ---
10227697736-v33
- 64 -
70-41032654
 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[ଷ଺଴×(௒మି௒భ)][ଷ଴×(ெమିெభ)](஽మି஽భ)
ଷ଺଴
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Determination Agent" means an investment bank or financial institution of international 
standing selected by the Issuer after consultation with the relevant Dealer(s); 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax) " means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated 
and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with 
the requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other 
person which takes over the administration of that rate); 
"Extended Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 74 ---
10227697736-v33
- 65 -
70-41032654
 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date or date of any final redemption; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 5(e) (Fixed Rate Note Provisions - Reset Note Provisions), the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum 
of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield 
on such security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on 
the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae 
for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae 
"Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) 
Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 
January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time) or, if such formula does not reflect generally accepted market 
practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption yield calculated in accordance with 
generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by the Determination 
Agent; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of 
another Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities 
or to purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such 
Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such 
Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
- Title to Registered Notes); 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised 
including (without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which 
would, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services 
the payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any 
forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a 
borrowing;

--- Page 75 ---
10227697736-v33
- 66 -
70-41032654
 
"Initial Rate of Interest"" means the initial rate of interest specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or 
dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant 
Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each 
of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar 
months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
Interest Payment Date; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Junior Securities" means any (i) subordinated debt instruments or securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, on a voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, pari passu with the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
from time to time by the Competent Authority, (ii) instruments, securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, on a voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, pari passu with the Additional Tier 1 Capital of 
the Issuer or other subordinated and undated debt instruments or securities of the Issuer 
which are recognised as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer from time to time by the 
Competent Authority, (iii) share capital of the Issuer and (iv) any other subordinated 
security or obligation which ranks, or is expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes; 
"Make Whole Redemption Price" has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) (Redemption 
and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Mandatory Provision of Law" means any amendments, updates and/or modifications 
to the ECBA or any other applicable legislation passed after the date hereof by or on behalf 
of the Republic of Estonia or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to make such amendment, update and/or modification, which 
impacts the Issuer's obligations in relation to the Notes or the Covered Bond Portfolio; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Material Subsidiary" means: 
(a) 
on the basis of the most recent audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer, any 
Subsidiary whose total consolidated assets represent at least 10 per cent. of the 
total consolidated assets of the Issuer; or

--- Page 76 ---
10227697736-v33
- 67 -
70-41032654
 
(b) 
whose total consolidated revenues represent at least 10 per cent. of the total 
consolidated revenues of the Issuer; or 
(c) 
any other Subsidiary to which is transferred either (A) all or substantially all of 
the assets of another Subsidiary which immediately prior to the transfer was a 
Material Subsidiary or (B) sufficient assets of the Issuer that such Subsidiary 
would have been a Material Subsidiary had the transfer occurred on or before the 
date of the most recent audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer, and 
a report by the independent auditors to the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary is or is 
not or was or was not at any particular time a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of 
manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the fixed leg payable with (and converted if necessary to) a frequency equivalent 
to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during 
the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate 
payments in the Specified Currency of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction 
in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset 
Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based 
on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate 
payments in the Specified Currency); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means the rate as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to 
Condition 5(e) (Fixed Rate Note Provisions - Reset Note Provisions), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, adjusted as necessary to match the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic 
mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and 
offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, adjusted as necessary to match the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes,

--- Page 77 ---
10227697736-v33
- 68 -
70-41032654
 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Relevant Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, provided however that, if there is no such rate appearing on the 
Relevant Screen Page for a term equal to the relevant Reset Period, then the Mid-Swap 
Rate shall be determined through the use of straight–line interpolation by reference to two 
rates, one of which shall be determined in accordance with the above provisions, but as if 
the relevant Reset Period were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter 
than the length of the actual Reset Period and the other of which shall be determined in 
accordance with the above provisions, but as if the relevant Reset Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the actual Reset Period; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mortgage Loan" means a loan or a credit issued to a natural person and secured by a 
mortgage or mortgages over residential property, in the meaning of Article 4 (1) (75) of 
the CRR, located in the territory of a Contracting State of the EEA Agreement which 
comply with the conditions provided for in the ECBA; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means, in respect of a Series of Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, the whole or any part 
of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of such Series at any time ceases or (in the 
opinion of the Issuer) will cease to count towards the Issuer's or the Group's eligible 
liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity (in each case for the purposes of, and in 
accordance with, the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations); provided that an MREL 
Disqualification Event shall not occur if such whole or part of the outstanding aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes ceases or (in the opinion of the Issuer) 
will cease to count towards such eligible liabilities, and/or loss absorbing capacity due to 
the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than the minimum period prescribed by 
the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations and/or as a result of reaching or exceeding 
an applicable limit in respect of eligible liabilities that may count towards the MREL 
requirements as applicable to the Issuer);  
"MREL Disqualification Event Effective Date" means (i) in the case of Restricted 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes and (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or such earlier date as may be permitted under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; 
"MREL Eligible Liabilities" means, in relation to Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) 
which are available to count towards the Issuer's and/or the Group's eligible liabilities 
and/or loss absorbing capacity;  
"NIBOR" means, in respect of Norwegian Kroner and for any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Norwegian interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the 
requirements from time to time of the Norwegian association for banks, insurance 
companies and financial institutions, Finance Norway – FNO based on estimated 
interbank borrowing rates for Norwegian Kroner for a number of designated maturities 
which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic NIBOR rates can 
be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 
9(c) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) 
(Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title 
and Transfer - Title to Registered Notes);

--- Page 78 ---
10227697736-v33
- 69 -
70-41032654
 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its 
principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call) " has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put) " has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which 
adopts the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Union or the United Kingdom as is selected (in the case of a 
payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing 
Noteholder upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to 
exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Quotation Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 79 ---
10227697736-v33
- 70 -
70-41032654
 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated 
or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Sterling Make 
Whole Redemption Amount, the Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount, the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Residual Call) or such other amount in the nature of a redemption 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is 
most closely connected with the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference 
Rate; 
"Reference Bond" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified 
or to the extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer 
outstanding on the relevant Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of 
redemption, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum 
equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated 
yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price 
for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the 
Reference Bond Price for such Reference Date; 
"Reference Date" has the meaning given in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer 
(following, where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), 
or their affiliates, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective 
successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each 
Reference Government Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as 
determined by the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference 
Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) at the Quotation 
Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means CIBOR or EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Register" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period

--- Page 80 ---
10227697736-v33
- 71 -
70-41032654
 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the 
Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date 
on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has 
not been received by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the 
full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented 
by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument 
which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any 
securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market); 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in 
the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated 
by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal 
or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on 
any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency 
of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings 
or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and any Subsequent 
Reset Date, as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Date" means: in respect of the First Reset Period, no later than the 
second Business Day prior to the First Reset Date; in respect of the first Subsequent Reset 
Period, no later than the second Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date; and, in 
respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, no later than the second Business Day 
prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period, or in each case as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Time" means in relation to a Reset Determination Date, 11.00 a.m. 
in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination 
Date or such other time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Note" means a Note on which interest is calculated at reset rates payable in arrear 
on a fixed date or dates in each year and/or at intervals of one, two, three, six or 12 months

--- Page 81 ---
10227697736-v33
- 72 -
70-41032654
 
or at such other date or intervals as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
dealer(s) (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms); 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case 
may be; 
"Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any 
Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer and/or the Group; 
"Restricted Senior Preferred Notes" means Senior Preferred Notes specified in the 
relevant Final Term as being Restricted Senior Preferred Notes. 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest 
including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws 
of any jurisdiction; 
"Senior Creditors" means creditors of the Issuer (i) who are depositors and/or other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and whose claims by law rank senior to the claims 
of the holders of the Subordinated Notes; or (ii) who are subordinated creditors of the 
Issuer (whether in the event of the winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer or 
otherwise, including holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) other than those whose 
claims by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, pari passu with or junior to 
the claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s) " has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation No. 806/2014, as the same may be amended or 
replaced from time to time; 
"STIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is calculated 
and published by a designated distributor (currently the Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the Swedish Financial 
Benchmark Facility (or any other Person which takes over the administration of that rate) 
based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and 
maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor 
banks (details of historic STIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date 
to (but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent 
Reset Date; 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period 
and subject to Condition 5(e) (Fixed Rate Note Provisions - Reset Note Provisions), the 
rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin;

--- Page 82 ---
10227697736-v33
- 73 -
70-41032654
 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, 
any other Person (the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, 
whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove 
members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was 
launched on 19 November 2007; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro; 
"Tier 2 Capital" means tier 2 capital for the purposes of the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty of the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
"Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes" means Senior Preferred Notes specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes; 
"Zero Coupon Covered Bond" means a Covered Bond specified as Zero Coupon in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes or are Registered Notes, references to 
Coupons and Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes 
at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references 
to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 12 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other 
amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any 
other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such

--- Page 83 ---
10227697736-v33
- 74 -
70-41032654
 
meaning or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such 
expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the 
Agency Agreement, as the case may be, as amended and/or supplemented up to 
and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of 
a Series of Bearer Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of 
one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the 
case of Bearer Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" 
and "Couponholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may 
include a minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher 
integral multiples of a smaller amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the Register in accordance with 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will 
be issued to each Holder of Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each 
Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be 
recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, "Holder" means the person in 
whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, in 
the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Noteholder" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by 
law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing 
thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other 
than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and 
no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. No person shall have any right to 
enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) 
Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and 
(j) (Regulations concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be 
transferred upon surrender of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of 
transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, 
together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent 
may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the 
individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a 
Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes 
transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being 
transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes not transferred are 
Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the 
surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in 
respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender 
of a Note Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) 
above, the Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note 
Certificate of a like principal amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant 
Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer 
Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by uninsured first class mail

--- Page 84 ---
10227697736-v33
- 75 -
70-41032654
 
(airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant Holder. In 
this paragraph (g), "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar 
or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as 
the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any 
tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection 
with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period 
of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of 
the Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes 
and entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer 
of Registered Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be 
changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the 
current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any Noteholder who 
requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status 
(a) 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes: 
(i) 
This Condition 4(a) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes or Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes (the "Senior Preferred Notes"). 
(ii) 
The Senior Preferred Notes and obligations in relation to any related Coupons 
resulting therefrom constitute senior, unsecured, unsubordinated, direct, general 
and unconditional obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu 
among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred 
by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
(iii) 
No Holder of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or related Coupons shall be 
entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by 
the Issuer in respect of such Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Coupons. 
Notwithstanding the provision of the foregoing sentence, if any amounts owed by 
the Issuer to any holder in connection with the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes 
is discharged by Set-off, such holder shall, where permitted by applicable law, 
immediately pay an amount equal to the amount discharged to the Issuer (or, in 
the event of its winding-up, insolvency and/or bankruptcy, to the liquidator or 
other relevant insolvency official (as the case may be and to the extent applicable)) 
and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such 
amount discharged on behalf and for the benefit of the Issuer (or the liquidator or 
other relevant insolvency official of the Issuer) and accordingly not deem any 
such discharge to have taken place. 
(iv) 
The rights of holders of Senior Preferred Notes shall be subject to any present or 
future Estonian laws or regulations relating to the insolvency, recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms in Estonia which are or will 
be applicable to the Senior Preferred Notes only as a result of the operation of 
such laws or regulations.  
(b) 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
(i) 
This Condition 4(b) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the Final Terms 
as being Senior Non-Preferred Notes (the "Senior Non-Preferred Notes").

--- Page 85 ---
10227697736-v33
- 76 -
70-41032654
 
(ii) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and obligations in relation to any related 
Coupons resulting therefrom constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves. 
(iii) 
In the event of the winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the rights 
and claims (if any) of holders of any Senior Non-Preferred Notes to payments of 
the outstanding principal amount and any other amounts in respect of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes (including any accrued but unpaid interest amount or 
damages or other payments awarded for breach of any obligations under these 
Conditions, if any are payable) shall: 
(A) 
be subordinated to the claims of all depositors and other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer which are accepted in the relevant proceedings, 
provided that in each case such claims are not by mandatory provisions 
of law ranked, or by their terms expressed to rank, pari passu with the 
claims of holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
(B) 
rank at least pari passu with claims of all other creditors of the Issuer 
which by law rank, or by their terms, are expressed to rank pari passu 
with the claims of holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(C) 
rank senior to any Junior Securities of the Issuer. 
(iv) 
No holder of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or related Coupons shall be entitled to 
exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer 
in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Coupons. Notwithstanding the 
provision of the foregoing sentence, if any amounts owed by the Issuer to any 
holder in connection with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes is discharged by Set-
off, such holder shall, where permitted by applicable law, immediately pay an 
amount equal to the amount discharged to the Issuer (or, in the event of its 
winding-up, insolvency and/or bankruptcy, to the liquidator or other relevant 
insolvency official (as the case may be and to the extent applicable)) and, until 
such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount 
discharged on behalf and for the benefit of the Issuer (or the liquidator or other 
relevant insolvency official of the Issuer) and accordingly not deem any such 
discharge to have taken place. 
(v) 
The rights of holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be subject to any 
present or future Estonian laws or regulations relating to the insolvency, recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms in Estonia which are or 
will be applicable to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes only as a result of the 
operation of such laws or regulations 
(c) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: 
(i) 
This Condition 4(c) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being Subordinated Notes (the "Subordinated Notes"). 
(ii) 
The Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Capital and obligations in relation 
to any related Coupons resulting therefrom constitute direct and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves. The Subordinated Notes that do not qualify as Tier 
2 Capital and obligations in relation to any related Coupons resulting therefrom 
constitute direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which will at all times 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
(iii) 
In the event of the winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the rights 
and claims (if any) of holders of any Subordinated Notes to payments of the 
outstanding principal amount and any other amounts in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes (including any accrued but unpaid interest amount or

--- Page 86 ---
10227697736-v33
- 77 -
70-41032654
 
damages or other payments awarded for breach of any obligations under these 
Conditions, if any are payable) shall: 
(A) 
be subordinated to the claims of all Senior Creditors of the Issuer; 
(B) 
rank at least pari passu with the claims of all subordinated creditors of 
the Issuer which in each case by law rank, or by their terms are 
expressed to rank (to the extent such ranking is recognised by applicable 
law), pari passu with the Subordinated Notes; and 
(C) 
rank senior to any obligations of the Issuer which in each case by law 
rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank (to the extent such ranking 
is recognised by applicable law), junior to the Subordinated Notes of the 
Issuer (if any). 
(iv) 
The rights of holders of Subordinated Notes shall be subject to any present or 
future Estonian laws or regulations relating to the insolvency, recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms in Estonia which are or will 
be applicable to the Subordinated Notes only as a result of the operation of such 
laws or regulations. 
(v) 
No holder of Subordinated Notes or related Coupons shall be entitled to exercise 
any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect 
of such Subordinated Notes or Coupons. Notwithstanding the provision of the 
foregoing sentence, if any amounts owed by the Issuer to any holder in connection 
with the Subordinated Notes is discharged by Set-off, such holder shall, where 
permitted by applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount 
discharged to the Issuer (or, in the event of its winding-up, insolvency and/or 
bankruptcy, to the liquidator or other relevant insolvency official (as the case may 
be and to the extent applicable)) and, until such time as payment is made, shall 
hold an amount equal to such amount discharged on behalf and for the benefit of 
the Issuer (or the liquidator or other relevant insolvency official of the Issuer) and 
accordingly not deem any such discharge to have taken place. 
"Set-off" means set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy 
and, if "Set Off" is used as a verb in these Conditions, it shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(d) 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
Covered Bonds constitute unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves. The Covered Bonds are 
obligations issued in accordance with the Estonian Covered Bond Act (as 
amended from time to time), "ECBA" and rank pari passu among themselves and 
with Derivative Instruments entered into the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
ECBA. On declaration of the Issuer's bankruptcy and in certain other events 
stipulated in the ECBA, the Covered Bonds, together with the Cover Pool and the 
Derivative Instruments (the "Covered Bond Portfolio") will be separated from 
other assets and liabilities of the Issuer and form an independent pool of 
designated assets to be managed in accordance with the ECBA and to be used 
solely to satisfy the claims of Covered Bondholders and of the counterparties to 
the Derivative Instrument and to cover the expenses related to the management 
of the Covered Bond Portfolio. 
(ii) 
Pursuant to the ECBA, the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio will not 
affect the liability of the Issuer for the claims arising from the Covered Bonds. 
Furthermore, the payment obligations arising from the Covered Bonds are not 
subject to automatic acceleration upon the separation of the Covered Bond 
Portfolio, except as otherwise provided by mandatory provisions of the ECBA. If 
the Covered Bond Portfolio becomes insolvent, to the extent that claims of the 
Covered Bondholders in relation to the Covered Bonds are not satisfied in the

--- Page 87 ---
10227697736-v33
- 78 -
70-41032654
 
course of the bankruptcy proceedings of the Covered Bond Portfolio, the residual 
claims of the Covered Bondholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(d): 
(iii) 
"Derivative Instruments" means derivative instruments included in the Cover 
Pool in accordance with the ECBA to hedge against risks relating to Covered 
Bonds and recorded, in accordance with the ECBA, in the cover register 
maintained by the Issuer.  
(iv) 
The rights of Covered Bondholders shall be subject to any present or future 
Estonian laws or regulations relating to the insolvency, recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms in Estonia which are or will be 
applicable to the Covered Bonds only as a result of the operation of such laws or 
regulations. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 8 (Covered Bond Extended Maturity Date) and 
Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the 
due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest 
in accordance with this Condition 5 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is 
the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the Fiscal Agent would only 
notify the Issuer once it has been directed to do so by the Issuer. 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more 
than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect 
of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the 
relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided 
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(e) 
Reset Note Provisions 
This Condition 5(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Reset Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. Such Notes shall bear interest 
on their outstanding principal amount: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms until (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate per annum equal 
to the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset 
Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and

--- Page 88 ---
10227697736-v33
- 79 -
70-41032654
 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal 
to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (subject to adjustment as described in this Condition 5) and on the Maturity 
Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after 
each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and (B) in the case of the 
Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in 
Condition 5. 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-
Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 12 (noon) in the Relevant Financial Centre of 
the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic 
mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph (e), the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last 
preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
6. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, save that 
Condition 8 (Covered Bond Extended Maturity Date) is always applicable to Covered 
Bonds (to which, for the avoidance of doubt, Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) 
may also be applicable) where an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 8 (Covered Bond Extended Maturity Date) and 
Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the 
due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest 
in accordance with this Condition 6(b) (both before and after judgment) until whichever 
is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day 
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the Fiscal Agent would 
only notify the Issuer once it has been directed to do so by the Issuer. 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: The Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be

--- Page 89 ---
10227697736-v33
- 80 -
70-41032654
 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period; provided, however, that if no 
rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, 
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of paragraph (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in 
the case of paragraph (iii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page 
or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation 
Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to 
prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at 
that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the 
Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant 
Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that 
if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic 
mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in 
no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, 
calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The 
Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction,

--- Page 90 ---
10227697736-v33
- 81 -
70-41032654
 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to 
the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For 
this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(f) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified 
to the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of 
Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount 
(on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish 
each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the 
Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(g) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as 
aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes. 
(h) 
Benchmark Replacement: In respect of any Notes, notwithstanding the provisions above 
in this Condition 6, if, after the issue date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of 
Notes, the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to a Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable), then the following provisions shall 
apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser and 
shall, to the extent practicable, consult with such Independent Adviser to 
determine a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the Issuer, (in consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) determines that there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate, and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread no later than three (3) 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the 
next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(h)); 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser prior to the 
Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) above, then the 
Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a 
Successor Rate or, if the Issuer determines that there is no Successor Rate, an 
Alternative Reference Rate for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 6(h)); provided, however, that if this sub-paragraph 
(ii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to 
the next succeeding Interest Period in accordance with this sub-paragraph (ii), the 
Rate of Interest applicable to such Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of

--- Page 91 ---
10227697736-v33
- 82 -
70-41032654
 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest 
Period (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period); 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance 
with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
shall be the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate for all 
future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(h)); 
(iv) 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance 
with Condition 6(h)(i) above, the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner shall determine an Adjustment Spread, which may be expressed as a 
specified quantum, or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable 
Adjustment Spread, and which Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or 
zero and shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate 
(as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of the Rate(s) of Interest 
(or the relevant component(s) thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate, as applicable; 
(v) 
if the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate and, 
in each case, any Adjustment Spread in accordance with the above provisions, the 
Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser) may also, following 
consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent, specify 
changes to the Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, 
Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Relevant Screen Page, and/or 
the definition of Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate or 
the Adjustment Spread applicable to the Notes (and, in each case, related 
provisions and definitions), and the method for determining the fallback rate in 
relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), which changes 
shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to 
the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(h)). An Independent Adviser 
appointed pursuant to this Condition 6(h) shall (in the absence of bad faith, gross 
negligence and wilful misconduct) have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent or Noteholders for any advice given to the 
Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 6(h). No Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with 
effecting the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, 
in each case, the Adjustment Spread or such other changes, including for the 
execution of any documents, amendments or other steps by the Issuer or Fiscal 
Agent (if required); and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread give notice thereof and of any 
changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (v) above to the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal 
Agent and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6(h), no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments 
to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 6(h), if and to the extent that, in 
the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the 
qualification of (i) in the case of Subordinated Notes, the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes as 
Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer (on a solo or consolidated basis, as the case may be) or (ii) in the case 
of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, such Notes being MREL 
Eligible Liabilities (in each case for the purposes of, and in accordance with, the relevant 
Applicable Banking Regulations) (iii) or, in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to result in the Resolution Authority treating a future Interest

--- Page 92 ---
10227697736-v33
- 83 -
70-41032654
 
Payment Date as the effective maturity of such Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date for 
the purposes of qualification as eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity of the Issuer. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(h): 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer (in consultation with 
the Independent Adviser) determines should be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), as a result of the replacement of 
the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate with the relevant 
Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended in relation to the replacement of 
the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made 
or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer (in consultation with 
the Independent Adviser) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in 
customary market usage in international debt capital market transactions for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect of bonds denominated 
in the Specified Currency, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) in its discretion 
determines would (when added to or subtracted from the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate, as applicable) result in a rate that is reasonably 
comparable to the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference 
Rate. 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen 
page or source, if available) that the Issuer determines has replaced the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate in customary market usage for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect of bonds denominated in the 
Specified Currency or, if the Issuer determines that there is no such rate, such other rate 
as the Issuer in its discretion (in consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) in its discretion determines is most 
comparable to the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable) has ceased to exist or to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as 
a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate that it will, 
on or before a specified date, cease publishing such Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate) 
and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (ii)(A); 
or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate that such 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or

--- Page 93 ---
10227697736-v33
- 84 -
70-41032654
 
(iv) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate that the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred 
to in (iv)(A); or 
(v) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate that means that such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date 
and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (v)(A); 
or 
(vi) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate is or will, on or before a specified date, be no 
longer representative of an underlying market and (B) the date falling six months 
prior to the specified date referred to in (vi)(A); or  
(vii) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (including, without limitation, 
under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in 
the international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for 
the currency to which such reference rate relates, or any other central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of such reference rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority 
or any similar institution for the currency to which such reference rate relates, (b) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of such reference rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, (d) the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any part thereof, or (e) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, 
if available) that the Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser, and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines is a successor to, or 
replacement of, the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate 
(for the avoidance of doubt, whether or not such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate 
or Reference Rate has ceased to be available) which is recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
7. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions and Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is (i) applicable to the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, and (ii) applicable to the Covered

--- Page 94 ---
10227697736-v33
- 85 -
70-41032654
 
Bonds only if the Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of 
any Zero Coupon Note or any Zero Coupon Covered Bond is improperly withheld or 
refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day 
on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or 
on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the 
Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
8. 
Covered Bond Extended Maturity Date  
(a) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms and the maturity of 
the Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 
9(n) (Redemption and Purchase - Extension of maturity to Extended Maturity Date) then: 
(i) 
such Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to 
(but excluding) the earlier of the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity 
Date on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full and the Extended Maturity 
Date. Interest shall be payable on such Covered Bonds at the rate specified in the 
relevant Final Terms on the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds 
in arrear on each monthly Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect 
of the interest period beginning on (and including) the Maturity Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date and 
each subsequent interest period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date. The final 
Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
the rate of interest payable from time to time under Condition 8(a)(i) above will 
be as specified in the relevant Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by 
the Calculation Agent, three Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of 
the first such interest period and thereafter as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
(iii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds to (and including) the Maturity Date, 
for the purposes of this Condition 8 the principal amount outstanding shall be the 
total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any 
payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with these 
Conditions. 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject 
(i) as provided in Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Notes) and (ii), in respect of Covered 
Bonds only, Condition 9(n) (Redemption and Purchase - Extension of maturity to 
Extended Maturity Date). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (but, 
in the case of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
the Subordinated Notes, subject to Condition 9(m) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase) in whole, but not in part:

--- Page 95 ---
10227697736-v33
- 86 -
70-41032654
 
(i) 
at any time (unless the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other 
period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms, (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if 
any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
(i) 
in relation to any Series of Notes, a Withholding Tax Event 
occurs; or 
(ii) 
in relation to any Series of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes where "Tax 
Event" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Term, 
a Tax Event occurs; 
and 
(B) 
both a Tax Certificate and a Tax Opinion have been delivered to the 
Fiscal Agent by the Issuer. 
However, where the Issuer would be obliged to pay additional amounts, 
no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: (i) where the 
Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as may 
be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment 
in respect of the Notes were then due; or (ii) where the Notes may be 
redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days (or such other 
period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to the Interest 
Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment 
in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9(b), 
the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 9(b). 
(C) 
For the purpose of this Condition 9(b): 
"Change in Tax Law" means any: 
(i) 
amendment to, clarification of, or change in, the laws or 
regulations of any Taxing Jurisdiction; or 
(ii) 
governmental action in the Taxing Jurisdiction; 
(iii) 
amendment to, clarification of, or change in, the official position 
or the interpretation of such law, treaty (or regulations 
thereunder) or governmental action or any interpretation, 
decision or pronouncement that provides for a position with 
respect to such law, treaty (or regulations thereunder) or 
governmental action that differs from the theretofore generally 
accepted position, in each case, by any legislative body, court, 
governmental authority or regulatory body in the Taxing 
Jurisdiction, irrespective of the manner in which such 
amendment, change, action, pronouncement, interpretation or 
decision is made known;

--- Page 96 ---
10227697736-v33
- 87 -
70-41032654
 
(D) 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is 
incorporated at the relevant time; 
(E) 
"Tax Certificate" means a certificate signed by two directors of the 
Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent 
to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred; 
"Tax Event" shall occur if, as a result of any Change in Tax Law of the 
Taxing Jurisdiction, which becomes effective or is announced on or after 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes: 
(i) 
the Issuer is, or will be, subject to additional taxes, duties or 
other governmental charges with respect to such Notes as the 
case may be; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer is not, or will not, be entitled to claim a deduction in 
respect of payments in respect of such Notes as the case may be 
in computing its taxation liabilities (or the value of such 
deduction would be materially reduced); 
"Taxing Jurisdiction" means the Relevant Jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having 
power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof 
or any authority or agency therein or thereof, having power to tax in 
which the Issuer is treated as having a permanent establishment, under 
the income tax laws of such jurisdiction; 
(F) 
"Tax Opinion" means an opinion of independent legal advisers 
(experienced in such matters and of recognised standing) in the relevant 
Taxing Jurisdiction stating that the circumstances constituting the Tax 
Event or Withholding Tax Event (as the case may be) are prevailing; 
and 
(G) 
"Withholding Tax Event" shall occur if the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any Change in Tax Law, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of 
the first Tranche of the Notes, and such obligation cannot be avoided by 
the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (but, in 
the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes, subject to the Conditions to Redemption in Condition 9(m) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase) in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) on 
the Issuer's giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders, or 
such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the 
Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
applicable amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (together, if appropriate, with 
accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call)) at one 
of: 
(i) 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or 
(ii) 
the Make Whole Redemption Price.

--- Page 97 ---
10227697736-v33
- 88 -
70-41032654
 
The "Make Whole Redemption Price" will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be: 
(i) 
if "Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified as being applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of 
the principal amount of such Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes 
multiplied by the price (expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing to the 
Issuer by the Determination Agent (if applicable), at which the Gross Redemption 
Yield to maturity on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Gross 
Redemption Yield (as determined by reference to the middle market price) at the 
Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus the 
Redemption Margin, as determined by the Determination Agent; or  
(ii) 
if "Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the 
principal amount of such Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes 
multiplied by the price (expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing to the 
Issuer by the Determination Agent (if applicable), at which the yield to maturity 
on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Reference Bond Rate at the 
Quotation Time on the Reference Date, plus the Redemption Margin, as 
determined by the Determination Agent. 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance 
with Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of 
lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent 
considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes 
have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders 
referred to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed, and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding 
Notes on such date. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so 
specified. 
(e) 
Issuer Residual Call: If "Issuer Residual Call" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable (but, in the case of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes, subject to Condition 9(m) (Redemption and 
Purchase - Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase)), and if, at any time (other than as 
a direct result of a redemption of some, but not all, of the Notes at the Make Whole 
Redemption Price at the Issuer's option pursuant to Condition 9(c) (Redemption and 
Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the outstanding aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes is 25 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes 
originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further Notes issued pursuant to 
Condition 19 (Further Issues) and consolidated with the Notes as part of the same Series 
shall be deemed to have been originally issued), the Issuer may redeem all (but not some 
only) of the remaining outstanding Notes on any date upon giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) (which notice shall specify the date for redemption 
and shall be irrevocable), at the Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call) together 
with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption.   
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable to Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes, the Issuer shall, 
at the option of the Holder of any Unrestricted Senior Preferred Note redeem such Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such 
date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(f), the Holder of a Note

--- Page 98 ---
10227697736-v33
- 89 -
70-41032654
 
must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms), deposit 
with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto 
and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. 
The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put 
Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly 
completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 9(f), may be withdrawn; 
provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any 
such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such 
Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys 
is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof 
to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder 
in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for 
collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option 
Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with 
this Condition 9(f), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed 
to be the Holder of such Note for all purposes. No redemption at the option of Noteholders 
is permitted for Covered Bonds. 
(g) 
Early Redemption of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event: If "Early 
redemption pursuant to an MREL Disqualification Event" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable to a Series of Restricted Senior Preferred, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event in 
respect of any such Notes (but subject to Condition 9(m) (Redemption and Purchase - 
Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase)), the Issuer may at any time after the MREL 
Disqualification Event Effective Date, at its option having given not less than 15 days' nor 
more than 30 days' notice (ending, in the case of such Notes which bear interest at a 
floating rate, on a day upon which interest is payable) to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and delivery thereof shall oblige 
the Issuer to make the redemption therein specified), redeem all (but not some only) of the 
relevant Series of such Notes at their outstanding aggregate principal amount (or such 
other redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or at the 
redemption amount referred to in Condition 9(j) (Redemption and Purchase - Early 
redemption of Zero Coupon Notes or Zero Coupon Covered Bonds)) together with interest 
(accrued to but excluding the date of redemption, subject to these Conditions). 
(h) 
Early Redemption of Subordinated Notes as a result of a Capital Event: If "Early 
redemption pursuant to a Capital Event" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable to a Series of Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of a Capital Event in 
respect of any Subordinated Notes (but subject to the Conditions to Redemption), the 
Issuer may, at its option, having given not less than 15 days' nor more than 30 days' notice 
(ending, in the case of Subordinated Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, on a day 
upon which interest is payable) to the Holders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make the 
redemption therein specified) redeem all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes at 
any time at a redemption amount equal to their outstanding aggregate principal amount 
(or such other redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or at 
the redemption amount referred to in Condition 9(j) (Redemption and Purchase - Early 
redemption of Zero Coupon Notes or Zero Coupon Covered Bonds)) together with interest 
accrued to but excluding the date of redemption, subject to these Conditions. 
(i) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than 
as provided in paragraphs (a) (Scheduled redemption) to (h) (Early Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes as a result of a Capital Event) above. 
(j) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes or Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Note or a Zero Coupon Covered Bond at any time before 
the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of:

--- Page 99 ---
10227697736-v33
- 90 -
70-41032654
 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note 
becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of 
this Condition 9(j) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(k) 
Purchase: The Issuer, or any of its Subsidiaries, may purchase Notes in the open market 
or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased 
therewith, and provided that any such purchases will be made in accordance with the 
Applicable Banking Regulations and subject to the prior approval of or permission (in the 
case of the Subordinated Notes) from the Competent Authority or (in the case of Restricted 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Competent Authority and/or 
the Resolution Authority (in each such case to the extent such approval is then required 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations). Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, 
at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, the Registrar for cancellation. 
Any refusal (in the case of the Subordinated Notes) by the Competent Authority or (in the 
case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Competent 
Authority and/or the Resolution Authority (if required) to grant its approval or permission 
as described above will not constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes. 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes that are redeemed and surrendered for cancellation by the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries (along with any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered 
with them) shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
(m) 
Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase: In the case of Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, other than in the case of a 
redemption at maturity in accordance with paragraph (a) (Scheduled redemption) above, 
the Issuer may redeem or repurchase relevant Notes (and give notice thereof to the Holders) 
only if such redemption or repurchase is in accordance with the Applicable Banking 
Regulations (if applicable) and it has been granted the permission of the Competent 
Authority (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or (in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Resolution Authority, and in addition if: 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase of the Notes, the Issuer replaces the 
Notes with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments (as applicable) 
of an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; 
or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority (in the 
case of Subordinated Notes) or (in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Resolution Authority that its own funds and 
eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements under the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that (in the 
case of Subordinated Notes, save as provided below) the Competent Authority or 
(in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes to the extent such Subordinated Notes have ceased to qualify, 
in whole but not in part, as Tier 2 Capital) the Resolution Authority may consider 
necessary; or 
(iii) 
(in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
only) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Resolution Authority 
that the partial or full replacement (as applicable) of its eligible liabilities with

--- Page 100 ---
10227697736-v33
- 91 -
70-41032654
 
own funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance with the own funds 
requirements set out in the CRD Package for continuing authorisation; and 
(iv) 
(in the case of Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Capital) in the case of 
redemption before five years after the issue date of the last Tranche of any Series 
of such Subordinated Notes: 
(A) 
the conditions listed in sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) above are met; and 
(B) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) 
the Competent Authority considers such change to be sufficiently 
certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that the Capital Event was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the Notes; or 
(C) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a taxation reason 
pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that such 
change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable 
at the time of issuance of the Notes; or 
(D) 
before or at the same time of such redemption or repurchase, the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity and the 
Competent Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of 
view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(E) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
(the "Conditions to Redemption"). 
Any refusal by (in the case of the Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority or (in 
case of Restricted Senior Preferred or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Resolution 
Authority (if required) to grant its approval or permission as described above will not 
constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes. 
(n) 
Extension of maturity to Extended Maturity Date: 
(i) 
In respect of Covered Bonds only, if: 
(A) 
an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable; and 
(B) 
any of the following events has occurred: 
(1) 
the Issuer is declared bankrupt or a moratorium is declared in 
respect of the Issuer; 
(2) 
a court order made for the compulsory dissolution of the Issuer 
enters into force; 
(3) 
implementation of early intervention measures in respect of the 
Issuer on the basis of § 36 of the Financial Crisis Prevention and 
Resolution Act of Estonia, provided that the Estonian Financial 
Supervision Authority ("EFSA") grants permission therefor; 
(4) 
the additional authorisation for issuing covered bonds or credit 
institution licence held by the Issuer ceases to be in force; or 
(5) 
the EFSA resolves the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio 
from the Issuer on the ground that the Issuer is likely to become 
insolvent in the near future and such resolution takes effect, and

--- Page 101 ---
10227697736-v33
- 92 -
70-41032654
 
(C) 
as a result of such an event the Covered Bonds are not redeemed in full 
on the Maturity Date at their Final Redemption Amount or within three 
Business Days thereafter, then the maturity of the Covered Bonds and 
the date on which the Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for the 
purposes of these Conditions will be automatically extended to the 
Extended Maturity Date. 
The Issuer may impose restrictions (which restrictions shall be effective 
upon notice being given to the Covered Bondholders as described below) 
on the circumstances in which such automatic extension can apply if it 
determines that such restrictions are required to ensure that the relevant 
Covered Bonds remain compliant with the ECBA. If the Issuer imposes 
restrictions on the circumstances in which such automatic extension can 
apply as described above, the Issuer shall give notice (which notice shall 
be irrevocable) to the Covered Bondholders (in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices)) and the Paying Agents as soon as reasonably 
practicable and, in any event, at least five Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date. 
In addition, the Issuer may amend (which amendments shall be effective 
upon notice being given to the Covered Bondholders as described below) 
the circumstances in which such automatic extension can apply if it 
determines that such circumstances qualify as permitted conditions for 
automatic extension of maturity under the ECBA (as in force at the 
relevant time). If the Issuer amends the circumstances in which such 
automatic extension can apply as described above, the Issuer shall give 
notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Covered Bondholders 
(in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices)) and the Paying Agents as 
soon as reasonably practicable. 
In the event the maturity of the Covered Bonds is extended, the Issuer 
shall redeem the outstanding principal amount of such Covered Bonds at 
their Final Redemption Amount on the Extended Maturity Date. The 
Issuer shall give notice to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices) and the Paying Agents as soon as reasonably 
practicable stating the basis on which an event under this sub-paragraph 
(n) above has occurred, and confirming that the Maturity Date has been 
extended to the Extended Maturity Date (subject to the expiry of the three 
Business Day period mentioned in paragraph (C) above). In addition, all 
or any part of the principal amount outstanding of such Covered Bonds 
may be redeemed on an Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity 
Date to and including the Extended Maturity Date. In such a scenario, 
the Issuer shall give notice to the Covered Bondholders (in accordance 
with Condition 20 (Notices)) and the Paying Agents stating its intention 
to redeem all or any of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds at least five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date. Any failure by the 
Issuer to notify such persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness 
of any redemption by the Issuer on the relevant Interest Payment Date or, 
as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date, or give rise to rights to any 
such person. 
If the relevant Final Terms do not specify an Extended Maturity Date, 
the events specified in Condition 9(n) (Extension of maturity to Extended 
Maturity Date) shall not trigger an extension of the Maturity Date and 
the Covered Bonds will be due and repayable in accordance with these 
Conditions, subject to mandatory provisions of Estonian laws applicable 
in relation to the events specified in Condition 9(n) (Extension of 
maturity to Extended Maturity Date).

--- Page 102 ---
10227697736-v33
- 93 -
70-41032654
 
(ii) 
In the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bonds to (and including) the Maturity Date 
to which an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, for the purposes of this Condition 9(n) the principal amount 
outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the 
Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in 
accordance with these Conditions. 
(iii) 
Any extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds under this Condition 9(n) 
shall be irrevocable. Where this Condition 9(n) applies, any failure to redeem the 
relevant Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of 
such Covered Bonds under this Condition 9(n), shall not constitute a default, an 
event of default or acceleration of payment or other similar condition or event 
(however described) for any purpose or give any Covered Bondholder any right 
to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the Covered Bonds 
other than as expressly set out in these Conditions. 
(iv) 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds under this 
Condition 9(n), rates of interest, interest periods and interest payment dates on 
such Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) 
the Extended Maturity Date shall be determined and made in accordance with the 
relevant Final Terms and Condition 8 (Covered Bond Extended Maturity Date). 
(v) 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds on any Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date, the 
redemption proceeds shall be applied rateably across such Covered Bonds and the 
principal amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level 
of that redemption. 
(vi) 
If the maturity of the Covered Bonds is extended to the Extended Maturity Date 
in accordance with this Condition 9(n) for so long as any of those Covered Bonds 
remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further Series of Covered 
Bonds, unless the proceeds of issue of such further Series of Covered Bonds are 
applied by the Issuer on issue to redeem in whole or in part the relevant Covered 
Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof. 
10. 
Payments - Bearer Notes 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (i) (Partial Payments) below, be 
made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of 
the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States in the manner described in paragraph (a) (Principal) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the 
Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying 
Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency 
in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at 
the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United 
States law.

--- Page 103 ---
10227697736-v33
- 94 -
70-41032654
 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation)) 
any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount 
of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing 
Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that if the gross amount available for payment is less than 
the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion 
of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of 
principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order 
of maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of 
such missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that where 
this sub-paragraph (A) would otherwise require a fraction of a missing 
Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its 
entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if 
less, the amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from 
the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if 
the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of 
principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of 
the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, 
the amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for 
payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in 
paragraph (a) (Principal) above against presentation and (provided that payment 
is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(f) 
is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for 
final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 9 (Redemption and Purchase) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and 
no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Bearer Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the 
Holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next 
succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further 
interest or other payment in respect of any such delay.

--- Page 104 ---
10227697736-v33
- 95 -
70-41032654
 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in 
respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer 
Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New 
York City if permitted by paragraph (c) (Payments in New York City) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer 
Note or Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a 
statement indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was 
at the time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming 
part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent 
for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any 
Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 15 
(Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged 
Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
11. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which 
the payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for 
any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in 
the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and 
(in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for 
any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in 
the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and 
(in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are 
subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of 
payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, 
payment instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business 
Day, for value the next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where 
payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments 
of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due date for payment 
and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of 
payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A

--- Page 105 ---
10227697736-v33
- 96 -
70-41032654
 
Holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect 
of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment not being a Payment 
Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition 11 arriving after 
the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the 
Register and, in the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a 
statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant 
Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the 
Registrar's Specified Office on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the 
"Record Date"). Where payment in respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, 
the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address of the Holder in the Register 
at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
12. 
Taxation 
Gross up: All payments (in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes: of interest only; or in the case of Unrestricted 
Senior Preferred Notes or Covered Bonds: of principal and interest) in respect of the Notes 
and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Estonia or any political subdivision 
therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. 
In that event, in respect of interest (for all Notes and Covered Bonds) and in relation to 
principal (for Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes and Covered Bonds only), the Issuer 
shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon:  
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its 
having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, 
assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered 
for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that 
the Holder of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional 
amounts on presenting or surrendering such Note or Coupon or Note Certificate 
for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than the Republic of Estonia, references in these Conditions to the Republic of 
Estonia shall be construed as references to the Republic of Estonia and/or such other 
jurisdiction. 
13. 
Events of Default 
This Condition 13 does not apply to Covered Bonds. 
13.1 
Unrestricted Events of Default – Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 13.1 is applicable to any Series of Senior Preferred Notes specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes.

--- Page 106 ---
10227697736-v33
- 97 -
70-41032654
 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes, or 
fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes, within seven days in the case 
of principal, or 14 days in the case of interest, in each case of the due date for payment 
thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any 
of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains 
unremedied for 30 days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any 
Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; 
or 
(c) 
Cross-acceleration of Issuer or Material Subsidiary: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is not paid when 
due or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period; 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity 
otherwise than: (a) due to a mandatory repayment requirement, in accordance 
with its terms; (b) at the option of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the relevant 
Material Subsidiary; or (c) (provided that no event of default, howsoever 
described, has occurred) at the option of any Person entitled to such Indebtedness; 
or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable 
by it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness, 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness not paid when due referred to in sub-paragraph 
(i) above and/or the amount of Indebtedness becoming due and payable prior to its stated 
maturity referred to in sub-paragraph (ii) above and/or the amount which has not been paid 
when due under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) above, individually or in 
the aggregate exceeds EUR 25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies); or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or order(s) from which no further appeal 
or judicial review is permissible under applicable law for the payment of any amount/an 
aggregate amount in excess of EUR 25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies) is rendered against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries and continue(s) 
unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the 
date therein specified for payment; or 
(e) 
Insolvency etc: (i) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is 
unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator is appointed in 
respect of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or the whole or a substantial part 
of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, 
(iii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a 
moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness 
given by it or (iv) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business. Insolvency under this paragraph (e) does not include the 
cases when any of the above specified actions are taken in regard to a Material Subsidiary 
of the Issuer for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation, 
restructuring or liquidation whilst solvent; or 
(f) 
Winding up etc: an order is made, or an effective resolution is passed, for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (otherwise than, 
in the case of a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganisation, restructuring or liquidation whilst solvent); or

--- Page 107 ---
10227697736-v33
- 98 -
70-41032654
 
(g) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Republic of Estonia has 
an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) (Unsatisfied judgment) 
to (f) (Winding up etc) above, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered 
to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and 
payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount 
together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
13.2 
Events of Default – Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 13.2 is applicable in relation to any Series of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes only. 
(a) 
If any of the following events occur: 
(i) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal or other redemption 
amount due in respect of the Notes for more than ten business days or fails to pay 
any amount of interest in respect of the Notes for more than ten business days; or 
(ii) 
Winding-up, etc.: if any order is made by any competent court or resolution 
passed for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of 
reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution, 
the Holder of any Note may: 
(x) 
(in the case of paragraph (i) above) institute proceedings for the winding-up or 
dissolution of the Issuer, in each case, in Estonia and not elsewhere, and prove or 
claim in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer; and/or 
(y) 
(in the case of paragraph (ii) above) prove or claim in the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer, whether in Estonia or elsewhere and instituted by the 
Issuer itself or by a third party, 
but (in either case) the Holder of such Note may claim payment in respect of the Note only in the 
winding up or dissolution of the Issuer. 
(b) 
In any of the events or circumstances described in Condition 13.2(a)(ii) (Winding-up, etc.) 
above, the Holder of any Note may, by notice to the Issuer, declare such Note to be due 
and payable, and such Note shall accordingly become due and payable at its outstanding 
principal amount together with accrued interest to the date of payment but subject to such 
Holder only being able to claim payment in respect of the Note in the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer. 
(c) 
The Holder of any Note may at its discretion institute such proceedings against the Issuer 
as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding 
on the Issuer under the Notes (other than, without prejudice to Conditions 13.2(a) and 
13.2(b) any obligation for the payment of any principal or interest in respect of the Notes) 
provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings be 
obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable 
by it, except with the prior approval of the Competent Authority (in case of Subordinated 
Notes) or (in case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
the Competent Authority and/or the Resolution Authority (in either case, if such approval 
is then required under the Applicable Banking Regulations). 
(d) 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as provided in Conditions 13.2(a), 13.2(b) and 
13.2(c) above, shall be available to the Holders of Notes, whether for the recovery of

--- Page 108 ---
10227697736-v33
- 99 -
70-41032654
 
amounts owing in respect of the Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of 
its obligations or undertakings with respect to the Notes. 
14. 
Undertaking of the Issuer 
This Condition 14 applies in respect of Covered Bonds only. 
On declaration of the Issuer's bankruptcy and in certain other events stipulated in the ECBA, the 
Covered Bond Portfolio will be separated from other assets and liabilities of the Issuer and form 
an independent pool of designated assets to be managed in accordance with the ECBA and to be 
used solely to satisfy the claims of Covered Bondholders and of the counterparties to the Derivative 
Instrument and to cover the expenses related to the management of the Covered Bond Portfolio. In 
such a scenario, the Issuer undertakes to fully co-operate with the Cover Pool Administrator or the 
bankruptcy administrator appointed with respect to the insolvent Covered Bond Portfolio 
("Relevant Authority") to facilitate such Relevant Authority's ability to carry out its rights and 
obligations under the ECBA in Latvia and Lithuania, including the providing of any powers of 
attorney in the form required by such Relevant Authority (and procuring that the Latvian and 
Lithuanian branches of the Issuer provide the same, whenever required) in such Relevant 
Authority's favour authorising such Relevant Authority to act on behalf of the Issuer. 
15. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes 
are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in 
respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment 
within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption 
in respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are 
surrendered for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
16. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, 
in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses 
incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity 
and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates 
or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
17. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar or 
Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar; 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer

--- Page 109 ---
10227697736-v33
- 100 -
70-41032654
 
shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the 
place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders. 
18. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the 
modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made 
if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer and shall be convened by them upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding 
not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The 
quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or 
more Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; 
provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or 
representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and 
Couponholders, whether present or not. 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such 
other method (which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video 
conference). 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the 
time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if 
it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error 
or is to comply with Mandatory Provision of Law. In addition, the parties to the Agency 
Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of 
such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Modification of Senior Restricted Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes: Any modification or waiver of these Conditions which affects Senior Restricted 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes will, in each case, be effected 
in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(d) 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders and Modification of Covered Bonds: 
In addition to the modification provisions set out at paragraphs (a) (Meetings of 
Noteholders) and (b) (Modification) above and in Condition 9(m) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase), the Issuer may without the consent 
of any of the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders of any Series at any time make: 
(i) 
any modifications to the Conditions (in relation to the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds) that are necessary (as determined by the Issuer acting reasonably) to 
comply with any criteria of the rating agencies which may be published after the 
Issue Date and which the Issuer certifies in writing (to the Agent and to the holders 
of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds) are required to avoid a downgrade,

--- Page 110 ---
10227697736-v33
- 101 -
70-41032654
 
withdrawal or suspension of the then current ratings assigned by a rating agency 
to such Series of the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
EMIR Related Modifications (as defined below), and which the Issuer certifies 
(to the Agent and to the holders of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds) are to 
be made solely for the purpose of enabling the Issuer to comply with any 
requirements which apply to it under Regulation (EU) 648/2012 (the "European 
Market 
Infrastructure 
Regulation" 
or 
"EMIR") 
("EMIR 
Related 
Modifications") and such EMIR Related Modifications do not relate to a Series 
Reserved Matter; 
(e) 
"Series Reserved Matter" in relation to Covered Bonds of a Series means: 
(i) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, 
modification of the method of calculating the amount payable or modification of 
the date of payment or, where applicable, modification of the method of 
calculating the date of payment in respect of any principal or interest in respect 
of the Covered Bonds of such Series other than in accordance with the terms 
thereof (except any such reduction, cancellation or modification made in 
accordance with Condition 6(h) (Floating Rate Note Provisions – Benchmark 
Replacement)); 
(ii) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds and 
Coupons of such Series are to be made; 
(iii) 
alteration of the quorum or majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(iv) 
the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the 
Covered Bonds of such Series for or the conversion of the Covered Bonds of such 
Series into, or the cancellation of the Covered Bonds of such Series in 
consideration of, shares, stock, covered bonds, bonds, debentures, debenture 
stock and/or other obligations and/or securities of the Issuer or any other company 
formed or to be formed, or for or into or in consideration of cash, or partly for or 
into or in consideration of such shares, stock, bonds, covered bonds, debentures, 
debenture stock and/or other obligations; and 
(v) 
alteration of this definition of Series Reserved Matter. 
(f) 
Limitations on Modification of Covered Bonds: Any modification or waiver of these 
Conditions which affects Covered Bonds may not be effected to the extent such 
modification would contradict mandatory provisions of the ECBA. 
19. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
20. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a 
leading English language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be 
the Financial Times) or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English 
language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published 
in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made 
in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have 
notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first 
class mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their 
respective addresses on the Register or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading

--- Page 111 ---
10227697736-v33
- 102 -
70-41032654
 
English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. 
21. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in 
which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency 
(the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, 
(b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or 
judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on 
the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy 
between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first 
currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder 
may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon 
receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or 
proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action. 
22. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
23. 
Substitution and Variation 
This Condition 23 is only applicable to Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
If "Substitution and Variation pursuant to Condition 23" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, if at any time an MREL Disqualification Event, a Capital Event, Withholding Tax 
Event or Tax Event occurs, or to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 25 
(Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), the Issuer may, subject to the 
Applicable Banking Regulations (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Holders) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent (in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement) and the Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at 
any time either: 
(a) 
substitute all (but not some only) of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (as applicable) for new Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (as applicable), which are 
Qualifying Securities; or 
(b) 
vary the terms of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes (as applicable) so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Securities, 
provided that, in each case: 
(i) 
such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to 
redeem the varied or substituted securities; and

--- Page 112 ---
10227697736-v33
- 103 -
70-41032654
 
(ii) 
such variation or substitution would not itself directly lead to a downgrade in any 
of the solicited credit ratings of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (as applicable) as assigned to such 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes (as applicable) by any Rating Agency immediately prior to such variation 
or substitution (unless any such downgrade is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 25 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in 
and Loss Absorption Powers); and 
(iii) 
such variation or substitution is not materially less favourable to holders (unless 
any such prejudice is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 25 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)). 
For the avoidance of doubt, any such substitution or variation shall not be deemed to be a 
modification or amendment for the purposes of Condition 18 (Meetings of Noteholders; 
Modification and Waiver). 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 23 is subject to the Issuer obtaining 
prior written consent of (in the case of the Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority or (in the 
case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Resolution Authority 
and complying with the rules of any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
by or on which the Notes are, for the time being, listed, traded and/or quoted. 
For the purpose of this Condition 23 a variation or substitution shall be "materially less favourable 
to holders" if such varied or substituted securities do not: 
(i) 
include a ranking at least equal to that of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (as applicable) pursuant to 
Condition 4 (Status), as applicable; 
(ii) 
have the same interest rate and the same interest payment dates as those from time 
to time applying to the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Subordinated Notes (as applicable); 
(iii) 
have equivalent redemption rights as the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (as applicable); 
(iv) 
have the same currency of payment, maturity, denomination and original 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount as the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (as applicable) prior to such 
variation or substitution; 
(v) 
preserve any existing rights under the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (as applicable) to any accrued 
interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the 
interest payment date last preceding the date of substitution or variation; or 
(vi) 
have a listing on a recognised stock exchange if the Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (as applicable) were 
listed immediately prior to such variation or substitution; and 
"Qualifying Securities" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that contain 
terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to qualify towards the Issuer's 
eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity (in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes to the extent that such Subordinated Notes have 
ceased to qualify, in whole but not in part, as Tier 2 Capital) or Tier 2 Capital (in the case of all 
other Subordinated Notes), in each case for the purposes of, and in accordance with, the relevant 
Applicable Banking Regulations to at least the same extent as the Notes prior to the relevant Capital 
Event.

--- Page 113 ---
10227697736-v33
- 104 -
70-41032654
 
24. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by English law, except for:  
(i) 
Condition 4(b) (Status - Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes), Condition 4(c) 
(Status - Status of the Subordinated Notes) and Condition 4(d) (Status - Status of 
the Covered Bonds), and the provisions relating to coverage of the Covered Bonds 
and the Coupons pursuant to the ECBA; 
(ii) 
Condition 25 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers); 
(iii) 
other provisions relating to the Covered Bonds, where provisions of Estonian laws 
mandatorily apply to covered bonds issued by an issuer incorporated in Estonia,  
which shall be governed by Estonian law.  
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
"Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual 
obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate 
and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the 
contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Notwithstanding 
paragraph (b) (English courts), any Noteholder may take proceedings relating to a Dispute 
("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, 
Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and 
any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served 
on it by being delivered to Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at its registered 
office at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom, or to such 
other person with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other address in England 
or Wales as the Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders. Nothing in this 
paragraph (e) shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law. This paragraph (e) applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings 
elsewhere. 
25. 
Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Holder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 25, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of the 
Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may 
be subject to the exercise of such Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers as may be exercised by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in some 
or any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, 
and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or 
obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of 
the terms of the Notes;

--- Page 114 ---
10227697736-v33
- 105 -
70-41032654
 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
and 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
"Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers" means any loss absorption, write-down, 
conversion, transfer, modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from 
time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, the SRM Regulation, or any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Republic of Estonia, relating to (i) the 
transposition of the BRRD and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, 
as applicable, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) 
can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with 
any accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes. References to 
such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not 
been paid, prior to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to 
exercise any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer and/or the Group.

--- Page 115 ---
10227697736-v33
- 106 -
70-41032654
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"EU MiFID II")][EU MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its 
obligations pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
(2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the 
SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products "]/["capital markets products other

--- Page 116 ---
10227697736-v33
- 107 -
70-41032654
 
than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
LUMINOR BANK AS 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note and Covered Bond Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 28 April 2022 [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information.]1] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base 
prospectus with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [2 October 2018]/[9 April 2019/[17 April 
2020]/[6 May 2021]. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 28 April 2022 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus 
dated [date]] in order to obtain all the relevant information which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, save in respect 
of the Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated [2 October 2018]/[9 April 2019]/[17 
April 2020]/[6 May 2021] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation.] 
The Base Prospectus [is] [are] available for viewing on the website of The Irish Stock Exchange plc 
trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") ([https://live.euronext.com/]) and is also available 
at the Luminor Bank AS website [•]. Copies may also be obtained from the registered office of 
Luminor Bank AS. 
The expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[In accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the 
issuance of the Notes described herein.]2 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[•] 
2. 
[(i) 
Series Number:] 
[•] 
 
1 
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to 
be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
2 
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area or the UK nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 117 ---
10227697736-v33
- 108 -
70-41032654
 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [•] on [[•]/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 25 below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [•]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
[(i)] 
[Series]: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount plus accrued 
interest from [•] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[•]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
(i) 
Maturity Date: 
(ii) 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[•] 
[•]/[Not Applicable]3 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date:]  
 
 
[•] per cent. Fixed Rate 
 
 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] [+/–] [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Reset Notes] 
 
 
(see paragraph 14/15/16/17/20 below) 
 
 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date (if 
applicable): 
 
 
[•] per cent. Fixed Rate 
 
 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] [+/–] [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
3 
Only applies to Covered Bonds.

--- Page 118 ---
10227697736-v33
- 109 -
70-41032654
 
[Reset Notes] 
 
 
(see paragraph 18/19 below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount.] 
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 14, 15, 18 and 19 below and 
identify there]/[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
(See paragraph 21/22/23 below) 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes] 
[Restricted Senior Preferred Notes] 
[Senior Non Preferred Notes] 
[Subordinated Notes] 
[Covered Bonds] 
 
(ii) 
Date Board approval for 
issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[[•] and [•], respectively]/[Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
The Initial Rate of Interest is [•] per cent. per annum 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling in/on [•] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / [Actual]/[Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[•]

--- Page 119 ---
10227697736-v33
- 110 -
70-41032654
 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment 
Date: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention]/[Following Business Day 
Convention]/[Modified Following Business Day 
Convention]/[Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[•] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[[•] shall be the Calculation Agent/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Provisions relating to 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[STIBOR] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[•] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
(viii) 
Linear interpolation:  
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[•] 
 
(xiii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[[•] shall be the Calculation Agent/Not Applicable] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum

--- Page 120 ---
10227697736-v33
- 111 -
70-41032654
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation to Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[•] 
[30/360] / [Actual/Actual(ICMA/ISDA/other)] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield:  
[•] per cent. per annum  
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation to Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[30/360] / [Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA/other)]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE FROM THE 
MATURITY DATE TO THE EXTENDED MATURITY DATE 
18. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / [Actual]/[Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
19. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment 
Date: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
[[•] shall be the Calculation Agent/Not Applicable]

--- Page 121 ---
10227697736-v33
- 112 -
70-41032654
 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
 
(vii) 
Provisions relating to 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
(viii) 
Linear interpolation:   
[Not Applicable/ Applicable - the rate of interest for the 
[long]/[short] [first]/[last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[•] 
 
(xiii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[[•] shall be the Calculation Agent/Not Applicable] 
20. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[±][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[±][•] per cent. per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date [[in each case,] subject to adjustment in accordance 
with paragraph 20(xv)] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
up to (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [•]]/ [Not Applicable]

--- Page 122 ---
10227697736-v33
- 113 -
70-41032654
 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[•] [subject to adjustment in accordance with paragraph 
20(xv)] 
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [•] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with paragraph 20(xv)] 
 
(ix) 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] / [•] [and [•]] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 20(xv)] 
 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(xi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate] / [Mean Mid-Swap Rate] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / [30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xiv) 
Reset 
Determination 
Dates: 
[[•] in each year] / [The provisions in the Conditions apply] 
 
(xv) 
Reset 
Determination 
Time: 
[•] 
 
(xvi) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified Business 
Day Convention] / [Preceding Business Day Convention] / 
[FRN Convention] / [Floating Rate Convention] / 
[Eurodollar Convention] / [No Adjustment] 
 
(xvii) 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
(xviii) Determination Agent: 
[•] 
 
(xix) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[EURIBOR / CIBOR / NIBOR / STIBOR] 
 
(xx) 
Other terms relating to 
Reset Notes: 
Not Applicable / [•] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21. 
Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount]/[Make Whole Redemption 
Price in the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) falling 
[on]/[in the period from and including [date] to but 
excluding] [date] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount (Residual Call): 
[Not Applicable]/ [[•] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 123 ---
10227697736-v33
- 114 -
70-41032654
 
 
(iv) 
Make Whole 
Redemption Price: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount] / [Sterling 
Make Whole Redemption Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs(a) – 
(c) of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[•] per cent. 
 
(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Quotation Time: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(vi) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
 
(vii) 
Early redemption 
following a Capital 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Early redemption 
following a Tax Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Early redemption 
following an MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
MREL Disqualification 
Event Effective Date: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
22. 
Put Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not to be included for any issue of Covered Bonds) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
and method, if any, of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note 
[•] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 124 ---
10227697736-v33
- 115 -
70-41032654
 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]] 
Where the exchange to Definitive Notes is permitted at the 
option of the Noteholder ensure that the specified 
denominations do not permit a smaller integral amount. 
(The exchange upon notice/at any time options should not 
be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination 
of the Notes includes language substantially to the following 
effect: "€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess 
thereof up to and including €199,000". 
Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction is 
not permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which is 
to be represented on issue by a Permanent Bearer Global 
Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
[Registered Notes: 
[Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances described in the Global Registered Note] 
and 
[Global Registered Note registered in the name of a nominee 
for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (NSS)).] 
26. 
New 
Global 
Note 
/ 
New 
Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes] / [No] 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) 
or other special provisions 
relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable]/[give details]. 
Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment, and 
not the end dates of interest periods for the purposes of

--- Page 125 ---
10227697736-v33
- 116 -
70-41032654
 
calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-paragraphs 
15(v) and 19(v) relate 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes 
(and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes]/[No]. [As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are left.] 
29. 
Substitution 
and 
Variation 
pursuant to Condition 23: 
[Applicable following 
a [Capital 
Event 
/ MREL 
Disqualification Event / Withholding Tax Event / Tax 
Event]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 126 ---
10227697736-v33
- 117 -
70-41032654
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin with effect from [•]. Application 
is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin with effect from [•]. [Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected] to be 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
[Moody's Investors Service Limited: [•]] 
[•] 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").  [Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the 
latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies 
(as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA 
website http://www.esma.europa.eu. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation").]/[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation 
").]/[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation but has applied for

--- Page 127 ---
10227697736-v33
- 118 -
70-41032654
 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and has applied 
for registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision has 
not yet been provided by the [relevant competent authority] 
/[European Securities and Markets Authority]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the 
"UK CRA Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation") and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and not applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation"). [The rating [Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation") and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 128 ---
10227697736-v33
- 119 -
70-41032654
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
and registered in the EEA or certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").  
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent list]) on the FCA's website.  [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").]/[[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation.] 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation AND/OR 
under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK 
but the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation")]. 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation but CRA is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation AND/OR under 
the UK CRA Regulation  
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK 
but is certified under [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation")][and][ Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation")].

--- Page 129 ---
10227697736-v33
- 120 -
70-41032654
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK 
nor certified under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK 
and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in either the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
 
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and [its] 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Notes / Reset Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
[FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]  
 
[CFI Code: 
 
 
[[See/[[include code], as updated as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]

--- Page 130 ---
10227697736-v33
- 121 -
70-41032654
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream. 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free] of payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper [include this text for registered notes] and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper include this text for registered notes. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
6. 
DERIVATIVE 
INSTRUMENTS 
(to be completed in respect of an issuance of Covered Bonds) 
 
Derivative Instruments applicable 
to issuance of Covered Bonds: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
 
(If "No" delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Type 
of 
Derivative 
Instruments: 
Interest Rate Swap Transaction/ Currency Swap Transaction 
 
(ii) 
Description of Derivative 
Instruments: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Derivative Instruments as 
specific collateral for this 
issuance: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
(iv) 
Swap counterparty: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Collateral 
posting 
requirements: 
[•] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]

--- Page 131 ---
10227697736-v33
- 122 -
70-41032654
 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names 
of 
Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s), 
if 
any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category [2]; 
 
 
(In the case of Bearer Notes) TEFRA C/TEFRA D] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, 
or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(vi)  
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, or 
the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(vii) 
Relevant Benchmarks: 
[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[STIBOR] is provided by 
administrator [legal name, repeat as necessary]. As at the 
date hereof, administrator [legal name] [appears/does not 
appear] [repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far 
as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [CIBOR] / 
[EURIBOR] / [NIBOR] / [STIBOR] does not fall within the 
scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
PROCEEDS: 
 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
 
[See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base Prospectus.]/ 
[____________]  
 
 
 
 
 
 
[          ]

--- Page 132 ---
10227697736-v33
- 123 -
70-41032654
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, 
for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a 
common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, 
common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered 
Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held 
by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common 
safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each 
an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the 
Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising 
under such Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, 
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note will be 
determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any 
other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a 
Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in 
respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a 
summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or 
Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest 
accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in 
respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, shall be, if the currency 
of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is 
not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System 
Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being 
held is open for business.

--- Page 133 ---
10227697736-v33
- 124 -
70-41032654
 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(f) (Redemption and 
Purchase - Redemption at the option of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder 
of a Global Registered Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the 
relevant Note give notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent, in accordance with the rules and procedures 
of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or other relevant clearing system, specifying the principal 
amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable 
and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, 
the Permanent Global Note or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount 
specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected 
as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 20 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), 
or the Global Registered Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Notes are represented by a Global Note or a Global 
Registered Note and the Global Note or the Global Registered Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, 
then:  
(a)  
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance 
with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an "Electronic Consent" as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an 
Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a special quorum was satisfied), take 
effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, 
and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they 
participated in such Electronic Consent; and  
(b)  
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) 
accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or a Global Registered 
Note and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, 
on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the 
person for whom such entitlement is held.  For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give 
any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other 
document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant alternative clearing system (the "relevant clearing system") and, in the case of (b) above, 
the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system for 
the purposes of (b) above.  Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all 
Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective.  
Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes.  Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of 
statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including 
Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg's CreationOnline system) in accordance with its 
usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the 
Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding.

--- Page 134 ---
10227697736-v33
- 125 -
70-41032654
 
KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS AND ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES OF THE 
LUMINOR GROUP 
This document includes certain data which the Issuer considers to constitute alternative performance 
measures (APMs) for the purposes of the European Securities Markets Authority (ESMA) Guidelines on 
Alternative Performance Measures. These include Return on equity, Cost/Income ratio, CET 1 ratio, LCR 
ratio and Gross impaired loans (Stage 3 loans) vs Gross Loans (NPL ratio).  
These APMs are not defined by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. The APMs are unaudited and are 
not measurements of the Issuer's operating performance under IFRS and should not be considered as 
alternatives to any measures of performance under IFRS or as measures of the Issuer's liquidity. 
The Issuer believes that the below measures provide useful information to investors for the purposes of 
evaluating the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer, the quality of its assets and the 
fundamentals of its business. However, the Issuer's use and method of calculation of APMs may vary from 
other companies' use and calculation of such measures. During 2021, the Issuer revised the list of APMs 
which are used by management to monitor the business on an ongoing basis and as a result the number of 
APMs was reduced.  The decision was made to limit the amount of APMs in order to ensure greater 
transparency and focus on the core ratios discussed and communicated to investors.  
The Issuer believes that the APMs provide useful information to investors for the purposes of evaluating 
the financial condition and results of operations of the Luminor Group, the quality of its assets and the 
fundamentals of its business.  
In particular: 
a) 
the ratios presented by the Issuer are aimed at quantifying certain aspects of the Issuer's 
business and its strengths within the context of the Estonian banking system;  
b) 
the alternative performance measures, although not required by law in the preparation 
of financial statements, allow for comparisons with other banks, over different periods of 
time and between the Issuer and the average industry standards; and 
c) 
the ratios represent the way management measures the business on a regular basis. 
However, the Issuer's use and method of calculation of APMs may vary from other companies' use and 
calculation of such measures. 
The table below shows selected consolidated ratios for the Luminor Group as at, and for the years ended, 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. 
 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
 
per cent 
Return on equity (ROE)
4.6
2.0
Cost / Income ratio
79.9
83.9
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio
20.5
22.4
Liquidity coverage ratio (LCR)
137.3
197.2
NPL ratio (gross)
1.8
3.2

--- Page 135 ---
10227697736-v33
- 126 -
70-41032654
 
Definitions 
APM
Definition / formula
Purpose for presentation
Return on equity (ROE)
Profit for the period as a percentage of 
average total equity for that period. The 
average total equity is calculated using the 
opening and closing balances for the period.
Used by the Issuer's management for 
internal governance to measure and 
benchmark overall business profitability.  
Cost / Income ratio
Total Operating Expenses as a percentage 
of Total Operating Income. 
 
Used by the Issuer's management for 
internal governance and business segment 
performance management purposes to 
measure profitability and illustrate the 
efficiency at which operations are run.
Common Equity Tier 1 
(CET1) ratio 
Shareholders’ equity subject to regulatory 
adjustments as a percentage of total risk 
exposure amounts. 
Used by the Issuer's management for 
internal governance purposes to ensure that 
the Bank has an adequate amount of capital 
available for unrestricted and immediate 
use to cover risks or losses as soon as these 
occur. Used also as a regulatory measure 
required by European Central Bank.
Liquidity coverage ratio 
(LCR) 
High-quality liquid assets (cash, central 
bank reserves excluding mandatory 
reserves and eligible bonds) as a 
percentage of the estimated net liquidity 
outflow over the next 30 calendar days. 
 
Used by the Issuer's management for 
internal governance purposes to ensure that 
the Issuer has an adequate stock of 
unencumbered high quality liquid assets to 
meet its liquidity needs for a 30 calendar 
day liquidity stress scenario. Used also as a 
regulatory measure required by European 
Central Bank.
Share of Stage 3 loans, 
gross (NPL ratio) 
Gross carrying amount for Stage 3 loans as 
a percentage of gross carrying amount of 
total loans. 
Used 
by 
management 
for 
internal 
governance 
and 
business 
segment 
performance management purposes

--- Page 136 ---
10227697736-v33
- 127 -
70-41032654
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of each Series of 
Notes will be used for the general corporate purposes of the Issuer.

--- Page 137 ---
10227697736-v33
- 128 -
70-41032654
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Background  
The Issuer is a pan-Baltic financial institution, comprising of the Issuer, a credit institution established 
under the laws of Estonia, its branches in Latvia and Lithuania (the "Branches") and its subsidiaries in 
Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. The Issuer was formed as a result of two mergers: (i) the Phase One Merger 
completed in October 2017, whereby the Baltic operations of Nordea Bank AB (publ) (which thereafter 
merged with Nordea Bank Abp, Finnish Business ID 2858394-9; hereafter referred to as "Nordea") and 
DNB Bank ASA, Org. No. 984 851-006 ("DNB"), which were carried out through their Baltic branches 
and subsidiaries, were merged; and (ii) the Phase Two Merger completed in January 2019, whereby 
Luminor Latvia and Luminor Lithuania were merged with the Issuer. 
At the date hereof, all the shares of the Issuer are held by the holding company Luminor Holding AS, which 
has been established under the laws of Estonia. The majority of the shares of Luminor Holding AS are held 
by Braavos BidCo. A minority of the shares are held by DNB Baltic Invest AB (19.95 per cent., fully owned 
by DNB) and Nordea Baltic AB (11.62 per cent., fully owned by Nordea). Braavos BidCo in 2021 increased 
its ownership to 68.43 per cent., having purchased additional shares from Nordea under the 2019 Forward 
Sale Agreement Nordea, Luminor Group AB and Braavos BidCo concluded. Upon full completion of the 
share transfers envisaged by the Forward Sale Agreement, Nordea group would no longer hold any equity 
in Luminor Holding AS, and the Braavos BidCo shareholding in Luminor Holding AS would increase to 
approximately 80 per cent. 
The Issuer is incorporated under the laws of Estonia, in accordance with the requirements of the Estonian 
Commercial Code and is registered in the Estonian Commercial Register with registration number 
11315936. The registered address of the Issuer is Liivalaia 45, 10145 Tallinn, Estonia, and its telephone 
number is 372 628 3300. 
The objective of the Issuer can be found in article 3 of its Articles of Association. The main business 
activities of the Issuer include: (i) deposit transactions for the receipt of deposits and other repayable funds 
from the public; (ii) borrowing and lending operations; (iii) leasing transactions; and (iv) the provision of 
all other financial services within the meaning of the Estonian Credit Institutions Act. The Issuer may 
perform any other transactions or operations which are necessary for carrying out its main business 
activities, unless otherwise provided by law.  
Legal structure  
The Issuer's operations in the Baltic countries are structured under Luminor Bank AS. The Issuer owns 
several subsidiaries in the Baltics, including pension fund management companies, leasing companies and 
special purpose entities which own repossessed assets. 
Luminor Holding AS and Luminor Bank AS are a significant supervised group within the meaning of point 
(22) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 468/2014 of the European Central Bank, subject to ECB 
supervision, as of 2021. Luminor Holding AS is considered to be the entity at the highest level of prudential 
consolidation within the supervised group.

--- Page 138 ---
10227697736-v33
- 129 -
70-41032654
 
The following chart indicates the corporate group structure of the Issuer and its branches and subsidiaries 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The Luminor Group operates principally through the Issuer and its 
branches in Latvia and Lithuania. Through subsidiaries the Issuer provides leasing services, manages 
pension funds and owns repossessed assets. The Issuer’s 2021 Annual Report, incorporated into this Base 
Prospectus by reference, sets out information in respect of subsidiaries liquidated in 2021 and those 
currently being liquidated. Such subsidiaries are omitted from the structure chart below. All subsidiaries 
are wholly owned unless shown otherwise. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders of the Issuer 
Braavos BidCo Limited 
The majority of the Issuer's shares are indirectly owned by Braavos BidCo Limited whose shareholders 
belong to a consortium led by private equity funds managed by Blackstone. 26.8 per cent. of the shares of 
Braavos BidCo Limited belong to Luxinva S.A, which is a fully-owned subsidiary of Abu Dhabi Investment 
Authority (via Silver Holding S.A). The rest of the shares of Braavos BidCo Limited (73.2 per cent.) belong 
to other investors of a consortium led by private equity funds managed by Blackstone Group Inc. which is 
publicly listed on the New York Stock Exchange. No ultimate beneficial owner holds 10 per cent. or greater 
interest in Braavos BidCo Limited. 
Lithuania 
Latvia 
Estonia 
25%
25%
25%
Estonia
Luminor  
Holding AS 
Luminor Liising 
AS 
Luminor Lizings 
SIA 
Luminor Pensions 
Estonia AS 
ALD Automotive 
Eesti AS 
ALD Automotive 
SIA 
Luminor Lizings 
Latvia SIA 
Intractus 
UAB 
ALD Automotive UAB
Luminor Lizingas UAB
Luminor Asset 
Management IPAS 
Luminor Latvijas 
atklatais pensiju 
fonds AS 
Luminor Investiciju 
valdymas AS 
Luminor  
Bank AS 
Estonia

--- Page 139 ---
10227697736-v33
- 130 -
70-41032654
 
DNB ASA 
DNB Group is Norway's largest financial services group and one of the largest in the Nordic region in terms 
of market capitalisation. DNB Group offers a full range of financial services, including loans, savings, 
advisory services, insurance and pension products for retail and corporate customers.  
Nordea Bank Abp 
Nordea group is the largest financial services group in the Nordic markets measured by total income. In 
addition to the Nordics, Nordea group has additional operations in Russia and Luxembourg, and branches 
in a number of other international locations. As a universal banking group, Nordea group offers a 
comprehensive range of banking and financial products and services to household and corporate customers, 
including financial institutions. 
Share capital and shareholders of the Issuer 
According to the Issuer's Articles of Association, the share capital of the Issuer shall not be less than 
EUR 30,000,000 and not more than EUR 120,000,000 and may be increased or reduced within such limits 
without amendment to the Articles of Association.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's share capital is EUR 34,912,230. 
The shareholding structure of the Issuer can be seen in the chart above. 
Business Overview 
The Issuer is the third largest financial services group in the Baltic countries in terms of assets, with market 
shares of 12.5 per cent. in deposits and 16.8 per cent. in lending as at the end of December 2021 (16.1 per 
cent. and 17.2 per cent. respectively in 2020).  Headquartered in Estonia, the Issuer offers banking and 
associated services to individuals, institutions, and companies in its home markets of Estonia, Latvia and 
Lithuania. The main products and services that the Issuer and its branches and subsidiaries provide to retail 
customers, including Private Banking and Wealth Management customers, comprise of current and saving 
accounts, credit products (including consumer loans and mortgage loans), deposit products, payment cards, 
investment and pension products, insurance products and leasing products. Some of the mentioned services 
and products are provided via the Issuer's subsidiaries. 
The Issuer's offering of products and services for business and corporate clients are focused on transactional 
banking products and services (primarily business accounts, local and foreign transfers, payment cards and 
cash management services). These are combined with business financing products that are used as a means 
for maintaining long-term banking relationships with clients and a platform for cross-selling products like 
factoring and leasing. 
The Issuer's organisational units 
The Issuer has a pan-Baltic operating model, which seeks to benefit from being able to leverage resources, 
experience and knowledge from all three markets. The Issuer therefore aims to develop common, pan-
Baltic solutions and products.

--- Page 140 ---
10227697736-v33
- 131 -
70-41032654
 
Customer facing functions 
Corporate Banking, Retail Banking (including Private Banking) and Credit Advisory and Restructuring 
divisions 
The customer segment divisions (Corporate Banking and Retail Banking (including Private Banking sector 
customers)) are organised to serve the needs of customers, with a strong local presence whilst implementing 
best practices across the region. Retail Banking’s customer service and sales are run locally, and service 
models are developed on a pan-Baltic level. For efficient sales activities and improving customer 
experience, Retail Banking has pan-Baltic support units.  In addition, Retail Banking is responsible for asset 
management of the Issuer’s customers, managing pension funds, as well as developing pension products.  
The Corporate Banking segment serves large business and corporate customers. Corporate Banking is based 
on relationship banking and has local customer servicing teams in each of the markets. There is a separate 
dedicated pan-Baltic team able to offer cash management solutions for corporate customers. The Markets 
team are the financial markets experts and execute financial markets transactions for financial institutions, 
corporate and Private Banking customers. The leasing and transaction banking business line is also part of 
Corporate Banking. The Baltic Trade Finance and Financial Institutions team advises customers on trade 
finance products and manages relationships with counterpart banks. Corporate Banking is internally 
supported by the Corporate Credit products team. 
Credit Advisory and Restructuring is the Issuer’s work-out unit which deals with distressed debt from all 
segments. Credit Advisory and Restructuring continuously analyses the credit portfolio to estimate non-
performing credit. The division is responsible for maximising recovery from the clients in the portfolio 
when the client is taken over and taken through restructuring or workout stages. 
Support functions 
Finance division 
Finance is a support division which manages Luminor’s funding and balance sheet through 
treasury functions. The Treasury unit within the Finance division focuses on wholesale 
funding, balance sheet optimisation, daily interest and liquidity risk management and 
establishment and maintenance of the correspondent banking network. 
Finance also provides the Issuer’s consolidated accounting and financial reporting. In 
addition, Finance keeps track of and reports on the Issuer’s performance and coordinates 
the Issuer’s strategy and strategic development. 
People and Culture division 
People and Culture is responsible for staffing and competence building and developing 
organisational culture based on the Issuer’s core values. People and Culture also has the 
lead in developing the Issuer’s employer brand. With those elements, People and Culture 
is responsible for developing a capable organisation to foster the desired strategic agenda 
and help achieve business goals. People and Culture runs all human resources related 
administrative work. 
Compliance division 
The Compliance function is responsible for independently identifying, assessing, 
monitoring and reporting on compliance risks, and on compliance with the internal 
framework and all applicable laws, rules, regulations and standards. The Compliance 
function carries out its activities in accordance with the periodic plan.   
The Compliance function is headed and managed by the Chief Compliance Officer, who 
has overall responsibility for the control of compliance risks in the Issuer, reports to the 
Management Board of the Issuer and has direct access to the supervisory council of the 
Issuer (the "Supervisory Council"). The operation of the Compliance function and 
responsibility for it are regulated in Luminor’s Compliance Policy and other Compliance, 
Financial Crime and Sanctions area internal regulations.

--- Page 141 ---
10227697736-v33
- 132 -
70-41032654
 
Legal division 
The Legal division provides legal support to every internal unit of the Issuer, including 
product development, transactions, representation of Luminor in regulatory affairs and 
litigation actions. The Legal division also manages the corporate governance matters of 
the Group. 
Technology division 
Technology is an enabling division, providing IT services required to develop and run the 
Issuer’s operations and services. This includes development, operations and maintenance 
of IT networks, computing infrastructure and IT applications. The Technology division 
also provides and manages frameworks for cybersecurity and privacy, as well as 
frameworks and processes on enterprise architecture. The Technology division is 
responsible for ensuring IT stability. 
The Operations department is also a part of the Technology division, handling various 
back-office functions (including daily banking processing, loan processing, document 
management and other similar matters).  
Communication  
Communication is responsible for all external (excluding customer communication, which 
is Retail Banking’s responsibility) and internal communication activities. 
Risk division 
The Risk function is the central, independent risk management unit in the Issuer. This 
function defines risk policies and the risk management framework, plays a key role in 
ensuring that the Issuer has effective risk management processes in place, is actively 
involved in all material risk management decisions and is authorised to assess breaches of 
risk appetite or limits independently, and to report these to the relevant management body. 
All organisational units within the Risk Management division represent the second line of 
defence (explained below in the section entitled "General Risk Management Principles – 
Internal Control Framework") and report directly to the Group CRO who reports to the 
Issuer's CEO. The CRO sets the basis for risk taking and internal control and assesses and 
reports on the Issuer’s risk situation to the CEO. Appropriate procedures have been laid 
down at the Issuer to aid the Chief Risk Officer in challenging the decisions taken by the 
management bodies.   
There following organisational units are under the remit of the CRO: 
 
Credit Risk Management; 
 
Risk Data and Analytics;  
 
Enterprise Risk; 
 
Operational Risk Management; 
 
Market and Liquidity Risk Management; and 
 
Model Risk Management and Validation. 
The Credit Risk Department is responsible for credit risk control. The Enterprise Risk 
Department is a centralised centre of expertise and manages risk management tools and 
processes, which run across different risk types. The Operational Risk Department is 
responsible for operational risk control. The Market and Liquidity Risk Department is 
responsible for market risk and liquidity risk control. The Model Risk Management and 
Validation Department is responsible for model risk control and respective validation

--- Page 142 ---
10227697736-v33
- 133 -
70-41032654
 
activities. The Risk Data and Analytics Department combines most of the activities related 
to data and modelling.  
The risk management framework is subject to independent internal review performed by 
the third line of defence assurance function, the Internal Audit function (explained below 
in the section entitled "General Risk Management Principles – Internal Control 
Framework"). 
Internal Audit Function 
The Internal Audit is a function that is independent from the executive management of the Issuer, as it is 
set up and supervised by the Supervisory Council and constitutes the third line of defence. The Internal 
Audit provides reliable, independent and objective assurance to the Supervisory Council and the 
Management Board about the effectiveness of the Issuer’s governance, risk management and internal 
control processes within the first and second lines of defence. The Internal Audit presents audit findings 
and reports to the relevant responsible line management, the Management Board and the Supervisory 
Council through its Audit Committee and Risk Committee.  
The Internal Audit function carries out its activities based on its annual risk-based Audit Plan, which is 
developed independently of the Management Board and other staff of the Issuer. The Audit Plan is approved 
by the Supervisory Council. 
The Internal Audit function is committed to adhere to International Auditing Standards and other relevant 
laws. 
Internal Auditors have no direct operational responsibility or authority over any of the activities audited. 
Strategy of the Issuer 
In January 2021 the Issuer initiated the next stage of its strategy, focused on serving its customers – 
individuals and enterprises resident in the Baltic countries - and business growth. The Issuer has three 
strategic priorities for 2022: 
 
first, to do more business with more customers – notably more mortgage and consumer lending 
and lending to SME customers - widen its product offering, and improve customer experience; 
 
second, to raise its efficiency and enhance its IT operations; and 
 
third, to build its unique culture.  
The Issuer aims to maintain its strong financial standing, exercise prudent risk management, and fulfil its 
wider obligations while continuing to engage constructively with its regulators. 
The Issuer's Credit Rating 
The Issuer has been assigned ratings by Moody's since 13 September 2018. On 11 March 2020, Moody’s 
assigned an Aa1 rating to the mortgage covered bonds issued by the Issuer under the Programme. On 13 
September 2021, Moody’s upgraded the Issuer’s long-term bank deposit ratings to A3 from Baa1 and the 
long-term senior ratings to Baa1 from Baa2 and changed outlook to stable from positive. 
Principles of Corporate Governance 
The Issuer has made a commitment to adhere to sound corporate governance principles, in order to preserve 
and develop the Issuer's values and the sustainability of its operations. The corporate governance principles 
provide clarity on decision-making processes and responsibilities, and establish the framework for internal 
control as well as risk management. Corporate governance rules, which are developed in accordance with 
the Estonian Accounting Act, the European Banking Authority’s Guidelines on internal governance,4 and 
 
4  
Final Report on Guidelines on Internal Governance, European Banking Authority, EBA/GL/2021/05. 
Available 
at: 
https://www.eba.europa.eu/sites/default/documents/files/document_library/Publications/Guidelines/2

--- Page 143 ---
10227697736-v33
- 134 -
70-41032654
 
with consideration to the Global Reporting Initiative Standards and the Corporate Governance Code of the 
Estonian Financial Supervision Authority, help to ensure that the Issuer's operations are run in a proper and 
profitable manner and in the best interests of its customers, shareholders, employees and all other internal 
and external stakeholders. The Issuer is continuously seeking to improve its efficiency and sustainability, 
and so the principles for the internal governance and management of the Issuer are regularly reviewed and 
updated.  
Supervisory Council 
The main responsibilities of the Supervisory Council are to represent the shareholders' interests, supervise 
the activities of the Management Board and operations of the Issuer, and to take decisions on strategic 
matters and matters beyond the daily scope of business. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Supervisory Council consists of nine members. The following table 
sets forth, for each member of the Supervisory Council the year of their initial appointment to the 
Supervisory Council as well as their committee memberships: 
Name: 
 Member since: 
Committee memberships: 
Nils Melngailis (Chairman) 
2 January 2019  
Nomination (Chair) 
Bjørn Erik Naess  
2 January 2019  
Audit (Chair), Nomination, Remuneration 
Jørgen Christian Andersen  
2 January 2019  
Audit, Nomination, Remuneration 
Michael Richard Jackson  
2 January 2019  
Remuneration, Risk, Transformation (Chair) 
Nadim Diaa El Din El 
Gabbani 
30 September 2019 
Nomination, Remuneration, Risk  
Maria Elena Cappello 
1 July 2020 
Nomination, Remuneration (Chair), 
Transformation 
Mathias Patrick Laurent 
Favetto 
26 August 2020 
Audit, Risk, Transformation 
Elizabeth Jane Nelson 
1 December 2020 
Risk (Chair), Transformation 
Ottar Ertzeid 
1 January 2022 
Audit, Remuneration, Risk 
Elanor Rose Hardwick 
1 April 2022 
Audit, Nomination, Transformation 
 
The business address of each of the Supervisory Council members is Liivalaia 45, 10145 Tallinn, Estonia. 
Nils Melngailis, Chairman of the Supervisory Council 
Nils Melngailis has more than 20 years of experience in various managerial positions within the consulting 
and finance sector. Prior to joining Luminor Group, he served as Operating Executive at Centerbridge 
Partners and as the Managing Director and Co-head of Financial Services practise at Alvarez & Marsal. 
Nils has also acted as the chief executive officer and Chairman at Parex Bank and Lattelecom and as a 
Senior Executive at IBM and PwC. 
Bjørn Erik Naess, Member of the Supervisory Council 
Bjørn Erik Næss has more than 20 years of experience serving as chief financial officer at various large 
corporations within different industries, recently having served as chief financial officer and Group 
Executive Vice President at DNB Bank ASA. He has previously also acted as the CFO for Aker Kvaerner 
and Carlsberg. Bjørn Erik is an experienced professional who is skilled in financial planning and risk 
management. 
Jørgen Christian Andersen, Member of the Supervisory Council 
Jørgen Christian Andersen has more than 35 years' of experience of holding managerial positions within 
the banking sector. In 2017, he was appointed as Head of the Baltic Office at Nordea. Prior to his current 
 
021/1016721/Final%20report%20on%20Guidelines%20on%20internal%20governance%20under%2
0CRD.pdf

--- Page 144 ---
10227697736-v33
- 135 -
70-41032654
 
position in the Issuer, Jørgen acted as the Head of Human Relations in several different departments within 
the Nordea Group. His strengths lie in human resources and handling personnel matters. 
Michael Jackson, Member of the Supervisory Council 
Michael Jackson has more than 30 years' experience in telecom and IT industry. Since 2017, he has been a 
Partner in Mangrove Capital Partners. Previously he has also acted as the Chief Operating Officer of Skype 
and as MVNO Operations Director in Tele2 AB (Europe). His strengths lie in IT, digital solutions and 
engineering. 
Nadim Diaa El Din El Gabbani, Member of the Supervisory Council 
Nadim El Gabbani is a Senior Managing Director in the Private Equity Group of Blackstone. He has over 
10 years of experience within the financial services industry through broad experience in private equity 
across multiple sectors in Europe and Asia Pacific. 
Maria Elena Cappello, Member of the Supervisory Council  
Maria Elena Cappello has over 25 years of international executive experience, her areas of expertise being 
digital technology, international marketing and commercial strategy, as well as turn-around and process 
optimisation. She has held senior executive positions in Nokia Siemens Networks, has chaired the risk, 
nomination and remuneration committees at Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena and has been on the Boards 
of Telecom Italia, Saipem and Prysmian. She also has extensive governance experience serving as a Board 
Member for listed companies and is a member of the ESG Working Group for Climate Change at the World 
Economic Forum.  
Mathias Patrick Laurent Favetto, Member of the Supervisory Council  
Mathias Patrick Laurent Favetto is a Member of the Board in one of the Issuer’s shareholder companies, 
Braavos BidCo Limited. He has held several positions in the financial sector for approximately 10 years, 
including at Blackstone Group and Goldman Sachs. 
Elizabeth Jane Nelson, Member of the Supervisory Council 
Elizabeth Jane Nelson is a senior financial services expert with over 40 years' experience; she has an 
excellent track record in risk management and driving organisational change. Most recently, she was on the 
Executive Committee of The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development and served as the bank's 
Vice President Risk and Compliance and Chief Risk Officer. Prior to this, she was Head of Credit 
Department in the Risk Specialists Division at the Financial Services Authority (now Prudential Regulation 
Authority) in the United Kingdom, following a 30 year career at JPMorgan Chase, where she held a number 
of senior management positions. 
Ottar Ertzeid, Member of the Supervisory Council 
Ottar Ertzeid is a Norwegian citizen and holds a Master of General Business degree awarded by the BI 
Norwegian Business School. He is a career banker with over 30-years' experience. Most recently, he was 
Group Chief Financial Officer at DNB ASA and DNB Bank ASA, and a member of the Group Management 
Board. Prior to this he was Head of DNB Markets, DNB’s investment banking unit. Ottar Ertzeid serves on 
the Board of Directors and is Vice Chair of DNB Livsforsikring AS, Verdipapirforetakenes Sikringsfond, 
and Dextra Artes AS. He is also a member of the Nomination Committee of Yara International ASA. 
Elanor Rose Hardwick, Member of the Supervisory Council 
Elanor Rose Hardwick is a financial services executive with two decades' experience in innovation, markets 
and technology. Most recently she was Chief Digital Officer at UBS Group AG and, prior to that, Head of 
Innovation at Deutsche Bank AG. She is a Non-executive Director of Axis Capital Holdings Ltd, and a 
member of the Risk, Corporate Governance and Nominations, and Remunerations committees. She is also 
a Non-executive Director of Alpha Services & Holdings and Alpha Bank Group where, for both entities, 
she is Chair of the Corporate Governance, Sustainability & Nominations committee and a member of the 
audit committee. Elanor Rose Hardwick is also an external member of the Audit Committee of the 
University of Cambridge. She is a British citizen and holds a Master of Business Administration degree 
awarded by Harvard Business School.

--- Page 145 ---
10227697736-v33
- 136 -
70-41032654
 
Management Board of the Issuer (the "Management Board") 
According to the Issuer's Articles of Association, the Management Board of the Issuer is a directing body 
of the Issuer which directs the day-to-day activities thereof pursuant to the strategies and general principles 
of activities approved by its Supervisory Council.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Management Board consists of six members. The following table 
sets forth, for each member of the Management Board, the year of their initial appointment to the 
Management Board: 
Name: 
Member since: 
Position: 
Peter Bosek 
1 January 2021 
Chairman 
Kerli Vares (previously Gabrilovica) 
2 January 2019 
Member 
Andrius Načajus 
12 November 2018 
Member 
Ilja Sovetov 
2 September 2019 
Member 
Georg Jürgen Kaltenbrunner 
1 November 2019 
Member 
Palle Nordahl 
1 May 2021 
Member 
 
The business address of each of the Management Board members is Liivalaia 45, 10145 Tallinn, Estonia. 
Peter Bosek, Chief Executive Officer 
Peter Bosek joined the Issuer from Erste Group, an Austrian-headquartered financial services group, where 
he was CEO of Erste Bank and Chief Retail Officer of Erste Group. Peter Bosek served on the Erste Group’s 
management board in various positions for more than 13 years, focusing on the growth of digital banking. 
Kerli Vares´(previously Gabrilovica) Head of Retail Banking, Issuer's Latvian Branch Manager 
Kerli Vares has 20 years of experience in strategy execution and implementation. Prior to joining the Issuer, 
she was a Board Member of the leading Latvian telecommunication company Lattelecom. 
Andrius Načajus, Head of Corporate Banking, Issuer's Lithuanian branch Manager 
Andrius Načajus has almost 20 years of experience in finance sector. From 2017, Andrius Načajus acted as 
the Country Head for Luminor Lithuania. Prior to that, he worked in different positions in DNB's Baltic 
and Lithuanian organisations, among others, heading the Investment Banking, Markets and Corporate 
Banking units. Prior to joining DNB, Andrius Načajus worked in the Baltic investment banking company 
Trigon Capital. 
Ilja Sovetov, Chief Technology Officer 
Ilja Sovetov has more than 20 years of global IT leadership experience from 10 different countries, 
including providing services to financial institutions. Before joining Luminor, Ilja Sovetov worked in a 
global IT services and consulting company T-Systems, where he acted as a Vice President of Account 
Management. Before that he held various positions in Hewlett-Packard, including acting as the General 
Manager of Scandinavia Enterprise Services, and was a Vice President of Client Management and Service 
Integration in KMD. 
Georg Jürgen Kaltenbrunner, Chief Risk Officer, Member of the Management Board 
Georg Jürgen Kaltenbrunner has nearly 20 years of experience in the banking sector, with a focus on bank 
management and steering, as well as risk management. He has served as Nordea's Chief Operational Risk 
Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the Group Finance and Treasury, where he was responsible for 
strategy and planning, transformation, key strategic projects and operational management. He was also a 
Member of the Board of Directors of Nordea Funds Ltd, the largest fund management company of the 
Nordics.

--- Page 146 ---
10227697736-v33
- 137 -
70-41032654
 
Palle Nordahl, Chief Financial Officer, Member of the Management Board 
Before joining the Issuer, Palle Nordahl was the Head of Group Finance and Investments at Nykredit, a 
Danish bank, where he was also a member of its Executive Committee. He has significant experience as a 
CFO in different companies. 
Mari Mõis, Chief Compliance Officer, Member of the Management Board effective from 11 September 
2022 
Mari Mõis was elected as a Member of Management Board effective from 1 August 2021 when she also 
became Chief Compliance Officer.  From 14 March 2022 Mari Mõis has temporarily stepped down from 
the Management Board due to maternity leave but is already re-appointed effective from 11 September 
2022. During this period Mari Mõis is replaced by the Chief Executive Officer Peter Bosek who will also 
be responsible for Compliance Division. 
Supervision of the Issuer 
Since 10 February 2017, the Issuer has been considered significant for the purposes of relevant regulatory 
enactments and, therefore, is under the direct supervision of the European Central Bank, acting within the 
Single Supervisory Mechanism. Ongoing supervision of the Issuer is carried out by a dedicated Joint 
Supervisory Team comprising staff of the ECB and Estonian Financial Supervision Authority. In addition, 
certain subsidiaries of the Issuer are under the supervision of relevant Estonian, Latvian and Lithuanian 
financial supervision authorities. 
Legal Proceedings and Investigations 
Within the framework of normal business operations, the Issuer faces claims in civil lawsuits and disputes 
from time to time, most of which involve relatively limited amounts. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
none of the current disputes may have, or have had a significant adverse effect on the Issuer or its financial 
position. 
Core business and customer segments 
The Issuer manages its business by customer segment – Retail Banking and Corporate Banking – on a pan-
Baltic basis from its headquarters in Estonia and branches in Latvia and Lithuania. The Issuer's subsidiaries 
provide leasing, manage pension funds and other specialist activities. During 2021 the Issuer changed its 
organisational design, continued its technological development and enhanced its way of doing business, 
while also improving its products and services offering.  
The Issuer integrated its Products and Offering Division into its Retail Banking, Corporate Banking, 
Finance, Legal and Technology divisions. Through this change the Issuer sought to increase its customer 
focus and agility, and to improve collaboration and process efficiency while also reducing organisational 
complexity. The integration was announced in the second quarter of 2021 and completed by the end of the 
third quarter. In addition, the Operations department became part of the Technology division.  
Retail Banking 
Retail Banking serves all of the Issuer's customers and is directly responsible for all private individuals and 
small companies who do not have dedicated relationship managers.  
The Issuer's core offering for private customers is centred around everyday banking, loans and savings. The 
products and services include current and saving accounts, credit products, deposit products, payment cards, 
investment products, mortgages, insurance and pension products as well as leasing for vehicles and other 
assets. 
Corporate Banking 
The Issuer’s Corporate Banking segment services medium-sized and large corporates with a full spectrum 
of banking products. Tailored financial products and services allow our customers to operate their 
businesses efficiently and grow.

--- Page 147 ---
10227697736-v33
- 138 -
70-41032654
 
The Corporate Banking division services clients in a relationship model while smaller companies are 
serviced on a pool basis by the Retail Banking division. The main focus area is credit underwriting and 
cross-selling of clients with cash management, trade finance and investment banking products. The Issuer 
offers a full range of corporate banking products and services for small and medium-sized business clients 
and large corporate customers, including financing, cash management, leasing products (vehicles, heavy 
equipment and other assets, which are movable in their nature and therefore suitable for being financed by 
leasing) and trade finance. The products offered include corporate loans as well as credit facilities adapted 
to meet the customers' needs. Real estate loans are primarily aimed at public and private developers, home 
builders and commercial real estate companies. 
Retail mortgage lending origination and underwriting principles 
In order to ensure good credit quality, the Issuer's origination and underwriting process is built upon the 
following principles: the customer relationship is based on a thorough knowledge of the customer as well 
as on trust of the customer's willingness and ability to meet its liabilities. It is essential for the Issuer to 
understand the customer's financial needs through interaction with them. 
The Issuer expects any new loans to have a low to medium risk profile. 
The Issuer has defined origination criteria for mortgage loans, which may be amended from time to time. 
Applicable origination criteria as at the date of this Base Prospectus include, without limitation, the 
following: 
1. 
Customer 
 
Local (Baltic) residents 
 
Non-citizens might be accepted if there is an undoubted connection with the country where 
a loan is requested 
2. 
Currency 
 
Usually only EUR. Exceptions can be made, if customer’s income is in another currency 
3. 
Loan to Value (LTV) 
 
Maximum LTV 85 per cent. (exceptions possible using state support programs) 
 
Financing amount is calculated from the lowest from transaction price or valuations 
reports from accepted independent certified external valuators or the Issuer’s internal 
valuation 
4. 
Collateral 
 
Residential houses and apartments located in areas with a liquid property market 
 
First priority pledge on the property that is being financed, as a main rule 
 
Evaluation not older than 12 months (or shorter if negative tendencies in the market are 
observed) 
5. 
Indexation of residential collateral values 
 
Frequency: at least once a year 
 
Geographical segmentation is implemented in Estonia, Lithuania and Latvia,  
6. 
Maturity 
 
Maximum maturity of mortgage loans: 30 years

--- Page 148 ---
10227697736-v33
- 139 -
70-41032654
 
The Issuer's main assessment criterion in relation to mortgage loans is the customer's repayment (debt 
servicing) capacity and primarily it is based on the customer`s cash flow. Income must be permanent, long-
term, regular, predictable and proved according to the income type. In addition, the Issuer collects 
information from public authorities and/or customer's account statements. Debt to Income ratio should be 
below 40 per cent, tests of positive liquidity, interest rate sensitivity and positive net wealth are applied. 
The Issuer evaluates the customer's behaviour (credit history) during their relationship with the Issuer and 
based on all available external databases taken into account for the new credit proposals. 
The Issuer has established a credit origination and approval process with the following steps. 
1. 
Consultation: the customer submits an application and other required documents using the channels 
offered via Customer Service Centres to identify the customer and initiate internal workflow. 
2. 
Information and document-gathering to identify the customer and initiate internal workflow. 
3. 
Assessment and memo preparation: a dedicated employee obtains, analyses and summarises 
information about the customer, which is essential for adoption of the credit decision and prepares 
the credit memo.  
4. 
Decisions shall be made in Lending Competence Centre according to the decision matrix, described 
in the Issuer's internal procedures. 
5. 
Contract and disbursement: 
 
contract is signed by the Issuer and the customer 
 
deal information is recorded in the bank system 
 
Financing is disbursed to the customer 
Retail mortgage lending authorisation process 
All credit decisions are made by relevant employee of the Issuer, based on the "two pairs of eyes" principle. 
Powers to act are granted based on the competence of the employee and signed off by the Issuer's risk 
organisation (second line of defence). 
Dependent on the size of the potential exposure, the Issuer has internally defined which decision making 
body is authorised to approve the respective exposure. 
As at the end of 2021 weighted average Loan-to-Value Ratios (LTV) and amounts per each country for all 
retail mortgage loans are as follows:

--- Page 149 ---
10227697736-v33
- 140 -
70-41032654
 
Mortgage Portfolio¹ LTV Split by Countries (thousands EUR) as of 31 December 2021 
 
 
 
1 - Gross amounts Q4 2021 
LTV Ratios (LTV) are calculated by dividing the loan amount by the current collateral value allocated to 
the particular loan. Collateral value includes also indexed valuations. Indexation is performed at least 
annually. If the same collateral covers more than one loan, then only the relevant part of the collateral value 
is used to calculate LTV for a particular loan.  
Retail mortgage lending credit monitoring process 
Monitoring activities for credit exposures are performed on a continuous basis throughout the credit 
agreement lifecycle with the purpose of recognising any developments in customer risk profile at an early 
stage and securing timely and appropriate actions for mitigation in case of negative findings. Credit 
exposure monitoring consists of overdue management, collateral insurance monitoring and early warning 
signals (for exposures above certain thresholds). 
Overdue management process is performed on a regular basis for debt recognition with activities for 
mitigation to minimise potential loss. 
Collateral insurance monitoring is performed on a regular basis, to detect and mitigate potential loss arising 
from unforeseen events occurring with collaterals without insurance. 
Restructuring of retail mortgage loans and management of Non-Performing Loans (NPLs) 
The Issuer has set the >30 days overdue criterion for identifying distressed mortgage customers. Certain 
other indicators are also monitored for non-performing customers. 
The Issuer's strategy towards private individual mortgage exposure is determined based on three main 
criteria: 
 
collaboration (customers' active cooperation with Luminor to seek solution(s)); 
 
social factor (customer is socially sensitive, decrease in income by 1/3); and 
 
viability of restructuring (e.g. multiple consecutive restructuring measures).

--- Page 150 ---
10227697736-v33
- 141 -
70-41032654
 
Enforcement of collateral 
The current NPL enforcement process is depicted below, including: warning letters being served to the 
customer, collateral sale at 2nd auction and no legal disputes or insolvency of the borrower at any stage of 
enforcement. 
 
 
Environmental, Social and Governance considerations (ESG) 
Climate change, environmental degradation and their related effects are some of the greatest challenges 
facing Europe and the world today. An objective has been set by the European Union to make Europe a 
climate-neutral continent by 2050. Financial institutions are expected to play a key role in this respect and 
take a forward-looking and comprehensive approach to considering climate-related and environmental risks.  
The Issuer has undertaken to incorporate ESG considerations into its business model and risk framework 
as outlined in the Issuer’s Corporate Governance and Sustainability Policy. In 2021, the Issuer defined its 
ESG ambitions which are to act responsibly and be carbon neutral, to support the transition to low carbon 
economy, and care for Baltic issues. Many initiatives were started in 2021 to realise the Issuer’s ambitions, 
including the establishment of the Sustainability Office and the update of the Issuer’s internal framework 
documents in order to integrate ESG considerations into a range of processes. Furthermore, during 2021, 
the Issuer revised and updated its Total Rewards Policy, Risk Appetite Framework Policy, Risk Policy and 
Strategy and its ESG Credit Risk Assessment Guidelines to integrate climate risk and due diligence on ESG 
matters.  
The Issuer initiated the development of climate risk rating models for various risk types (including liquidity 
risk and credit risk). The Issuer integrated the climate-related and environmental risks as an underlying risk 
driver in its Risk Appetite Framework Policy. Assessment of the actual exposures related to those risks will 
be carried out once additional data points have been added to the Issuer’s information systems. The Issuer 
initiated the development of a corporate due diligence policy and the update of all onboarding and 
transactional due diligence processes to ensure the integration of ESG factors where this has not yet been 
done. The Issuer also defined its ESG data delivery governance and conducted its first ESG materiality 
assessment amongst stakeholders.  
The Issuer became the first financial institution in the Baltics to join the Partnership for Carbon Accounting 
Financials ("PCAF"). A portfolio analysis was started in order to develop sector specific strategies that 
would outline the key risks per sector and the respective mitigation actions. Also, the Issuer initiated the 
measurement of the greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions, both directly caused by the Issuer as well as by 
its customers. The Issuer has established GHG emissions baselines for its corporate lending, mortgage and 
commercial real estate portfolios. However, due to data quality reasons, the Issuer shall undertake further 
validation of such data before making any disclosures. The Issuer has committed to disclose the data within 
18 months of joining PCAF and expects to keep to the expected timeframe.  Further, a sustainability

--- Page 151 ---
10227697736-v33
- 142 -
70-41032654
 
training programme for the Issuer’s employees was introduced which aims to increase sustainability-related 
considerations and business decisions in the day-to-day operations. 
Funding 
The Issuer’s loans are funded by deposits from customers. The Issuer's capital base remains strong with 
Common Equity, Tier 1 and Total Capital Ratios above 20% of risk exposure amounts. The Issuer continues 
to review the capital levels and structure to ensure alignment with its plans and outlook, and improve the 
efficiency of its capital resources. As part of the review, the Issuer considers issuing Tier 2 and Additional 
Tier 1 Capital and the amount of CET1 capital. In 2021 the Issuer sold a 300 million EUR senior bond and 
repurchased an existing security, which strengthened its MREL base.  
During Q1 2022 the Issuer issued two series of retained covered bonds in amounts of 250 million EUR and 
500 million EUR to enable access to central bank funding within intraday as a contingency funding source. 
The uncertainty in the capital markets increased in early 2022 and issuance of retained covered bonds 
supports liquidity risk management capabilities during times when the primary market is not available. 
Capital management of the Issuer 
The Issuer's capital base remains strong with Common Equity, Tier 1 and Total Capital Ratios above 20% 
of risk exposure amounts. The Issuer continues to assess the value of Tier 2 capital to improve the efficiency 
of its capital resources in the future. 
The Issuer’s capitalisation objective is to maintain a Total Capital ratio of at least 17.4 per cent., a Tier-1 
Capital ratio of 14.9 per cent. and a CET1 ratio of 12.94 per cent. These targets mean the Issuer will maintain 
a buffer of 2.7 per cent. above the regulatory capital requirements on Total Capital, Tier-1 Capital and 
CET1 Capital. 
The Issuer uses the standardised method in its capital adequacy calculations to calculate the risk exposure 
amount ("REA") for credit and market risk. The REA for operational risk is calculated using the basic 
indicator approach method. Capital requirements against the total REA have been set for the Issuer. The 
capital requirements applicable to the Issuer are the minimum Total Supervisory Review and Evaluation 
Process Capital Requirement (known as TSCR), including the Pillar 2 Requirement (known as P2R) set by 
the ECB on 2 February 2022, the Capital Conservation Buffer, the Other Systematically Important 
Institution ("O-SII") requirement, and the Systemic Risk Buffer and Countercyclical Risk Buffer 
requirements set by the Latvian, Estonian and Lithuanian central banks. Together they oblige the Issuer to 
hold capital such that CET1 ratio exceeds 10.24 per cent., the Tier-1 Capital ratio exceeds 12.2 per cent. 
and the Total Capital ratio exceeds 14.7 per cent. as at 28 February 2022.  
In response to the COVID-19 outbreak, the Baltic countries have left their systemic risk buffer and 
countercyclical buffer requirements at 0 per cent. The Estonian Central Bank has stated that from December 
2022 the countercyclical buffer will be reinstated and kept at 1 per cent. Taking this into account and 
considering the Issuer’s current exposures in Estonia, a management buffer of 0.2 per cent. has been 
included in the target capital ratios of the Issuer until the buffer is applicable.  
Internal Control Framework 
The Issuer’s internal control framework consists of three lines of defence and is organised such that 
conflicts of interest are avoided or escalated. Each line of defence has a distinct role in promoting sound 
and effective risk management across the Issuer’s business operations. 
 
The first line of defence, consisting of all customer-oriented and supporting Divisions, is directly 
responsible for managing its risks in accordance with Luminor’s policies, procedures, and controls. 
The Divisions in the first line of defence must further ensure that the aggregated level of risk they 
assume remains within the set risk appetite limits. 
 
The second line of defence is comprised of the Risk and Compliance Divisions, serving as 
independent control and reporting functions which verify that the first line of defence is operating 
as intended.  
 
As the third line of defence, the Internal Audit function independently reviews governance, internal 
controls, and risk management practices in the first and second lines of defence.

--- Page 152 ---
10227697736-v33
- 143 -
70-41032654
 
 
General Risk Management Principles 
The internal control framework includes a risk management framework which extends across all business 
lines and internal units, specifying policies, procedures, risk limits and controls that ensure adequate, 
timely, and continuous identification, assessment, measurement, monitoring, mitigation, and reporting of 
all material risks. The risk management framework is designed in accordance with the Issuer’s objective to 
achieve an optimal balance between the risk of losses and the earnings potential in the medium and long 
term. The Issuer’s risk management processes are continuously being improved to reflect new regulatory 
requirements as well as evolving market practices.  
Solvency Risk 
The Issuer’s solvency risk and capital management aims to:  
 
ensure that the capitalisation of the Issuer is effective and used in an optimal way relative to the 
scope and risk profile of operations;  
 
comply with capital targets;  
 
ensure compliance with minimum regulatory capital adequacy and buffer requirements;  
 
remain sufficient considering the Issuer’s capital adequacy assessments;  
 
ensure compliance with set risk tolerance as defined in the risk appetite framework; and 
 
allow for consideration of growth opportunities in the market and achieve a competitive return on 
equity.  
The Issuer uses the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process ("ICAAP") to assess both available 
Own funds against regulatory capital requirements under the ICAAP’s normative perspective as well as 
available Internal Capital against Economic Capital (risk quantification) under the ICAAP’s economic 
perspective. 
As of 31 December 2021, the total capital ratio of Luminor stood at 20.5% (31 December 2020: 22.4%), 
which is significantly above the internal targets including the Overall Capital Requirement as well as Pillar 
2 Guidance and internal management buffers.  
As of 31 December 2021, the utilisation of Internal Capital by the Economic Capital stood at 35.5%, which 
is well below internally defined thresholds to measure Luminor’s capital adequacy from an economic 
perspective. 
Credit risk  
Credit risk is defined as the risk that a debtor and/or counterparty is unable to meet their obligations as they 
fall due partly or in full. Credit exposures arise primarily from lending activities, including from off-balance 
sheet items such as loan commitments, guarantees and letters of credit, and from investment activities such 
as purchasing debt securities. 
The key principles of the Issuer’s credit risk management are outlined in its Credit Policy, Credit Strategies 
for Financial Institutions, Legal Entities, and for Private Individuals. Practical aspects of the application of 
the principles set out in these documents as well as decision-making processes are regulated by the Group’s 
internal regulations. 
The Issuer’s principal objective for lending is that the loan portfolio must have a quality and a composition 
that ensure profitability in the short and long term. The target is to maintain a low to moderate risk profile 
of the Issuer’s loan portfolio. The assessment of creditworthiness is based on the customer’s ability and 
willingness to meet its contractual obligations. Cash flows from customers’ activities dedicated for loan 
payments must be clearly understandable and sustainable.  
At the end of 2021, 93% of the loan portfolio had low or medium risk as per the internal risk classification.

--- Page 153 ---
10227697736-v33
- 144 -
70-41032654
 
Credit decisions are made by Credit Committees and by authorised individuals according to defined 
decision-making authorisations. The decisions of the Credit Committees must be unanimous. Decision-
making authorisations for individuals (Credit Officers and individuals from Sales, Credit Advisory and 
Restructuring) are based on the competence level of the individual.  
Regular reports are prepared and presented to the Group’s management bodies to observe and monitor the 
portfolio composition, to follow the level and development of the assumed credit risk and make corrective 
actions when needed to manage the credit risk on a portfolio level. 
Credit risk (including counterparty credit risk and credit valuation adjustment risk) is the Issuer’s largest 
risk type, representing 90.3% of risk-weighted assets at the end of 2021, virtually unchanged compared to 
90.0% in 2020. 
Credit Risk Measurement 
Risk models are essential elements of the credit process and tools for the management of the Issuer's credit 
risk. The Issuer measures credit risk using rating models within the internal ratings based approach that 
estimate probability of default ("PD"), as well as loss given default ("LGD"), and Exposure at Default 
("EAD"). The Issuer’s internal ratings based approach experience test period started in August 2021. The 
PD assessment is made by using the customer segment/product specific rating models, which are used for 
homogeneous groups of customers. The internal LGD models calculate LGD for legal entities and private 
individuals based on the product types and collateralisation level if collateral exists using a collateral based 
formula for legal entities; and for private individuals the fixed LGD values are used which are product type 
specific and based on historical losses. The EAD models estimate Exposure at Default and are segmented 
across customer types and facility groups.  
Rating models, which estimate PD and risk grade, are used to estimate the default risk of the counterparty, 
determine compliance of customers and exposures with the Credit Policy, determine the required decision-
making level, and set requirements for the frequency of the follow-up within the regular monitoring process. 
Outputs of internal risk models are also used in credit pricing, loan portfolio quality monitoring, risk 
reporting, as well as for the economic capital (risk-adjusted capital ("RAC")) calculation. The RAC is used 
for decision-making with respect to strategic capital allocation, i.e., for determining strategic segments in 
lending activity, capital planning for Luminor, and stress testing. 
Credit Risk Mitigation 
Credit risk mitigation is an integral part of the credit risk management process in Issuer. The main credit 
risk mitigation measures and other risk mitigation techniques are provided in the Issuer’s internal 
regulations and policies. 
The Issuer mitigates credit risk through collateral or other measures. The types of collateral and mitigation 
measures considered by the Issuer as the most acceptable for securing credit facilities to customers or other 
counterparties are the following: 
 
mortgages (mainly residential properties, commercial real estate) 
 
business assets (equipment, inventory, transport vehicles, receivables) 
 
guarantees 
 
property rights over financial instruments (debt securities, equities, cash) 
 
for counterparty credit risk management – transaction settlement via Delivery versus Payment 
principle, ISDA agreement, Local Derivatives agreement, requirements for financial collateral. 
 
Model Risk 
Model risk is the risk of adverse effects on capital adequacy, financial loss, poor business or strategic 
decision-making from the use of inadequate or deficient quantitative models. Periodical validation of the 
Issuer’s Credit Risk, IFRS9, ICAAP, and ILAAP models is performed by the Model Risk and Validation 
Department. Validation is conducted independently from all other roles involved in the models’ life cycles, 
thereby ensuring that the quality of this process is not compromised by any dependencies or conflicts of 
interest. Identified observations are addressed following the defined mitigation actions and deadlines.

--- Page 154 ---
10227697736-v33
- 145 -
70-41032654
 
During 2021, the Issuer finalised the establishment of numerous major elements in its model risk 
management framework, including the internal model risk regulation, model inventory, model risk tiering 
approach, model change approval process, as well as several new model validation process-related 
methodologies. It is expected that they will provide more structure, focus, and efficiency on designated 
processes related to the identification, estimation, control, monitoring, and reporting of model risk. 
Market Risk 
By conducting banking and trading activities, the Issuer generates open positions which are sources of 
market risk. Banking operations include lending, funding, and operations related to customer business. 
Trading activities involve transactions in debt securities or derivative instruments. 
The most significant parts of market risk for the Issuer are interest rate risk and credit spread risk. 
Interest rate risk 
The main source of interest rate risk in the Issuer's operations is repricing risk; namely risk related to the 
timing mismatch in the maturity and repricing of assets and liabilities of on- and off-balance sheet positions 
and credit spread risk. For the Issuer interest rate risk can materialise through changes in the net present 
value of future cash flows or changes in the net interest income. Luminor monitors interest rate risk 
sensitivity, separately, in Banking and Trading books. 
Interest Rate Risk in the Trading Book ("IRRTB") is relatively small in the Issuer’s operations, as all open 
positions coming from over-the-counter derivatives are immediately closed with back-to-back transactions, 
while exposures of sovereign and corporate bonds must fit within internal limits and correspond to certain 
quality requirements and the Issuer’s business strategy. The IRRTB is measured in terms of Basis Point 
Value ("BPV"), meaning the change in net cash flows given a one basis point (0.01%) parallel shift in the 
market interest rates for different currencies. There is a dedicated limit set in the risk management 
framework for IRRTB. 
Corresponding to the Issuer's Risk Policy and Strategy, the Issuer follows a conservative approach to the 
Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book ("IRRBB") and seeks to balance assets, liabilities, and off-balance 
sheet items according to their maturity/repricing schedule to keep a low risk profile according to the internal 
limits approved by the Management Board and the Supervisory Council. 
Based on the EBA guidelines EBA/GL/2018/02 on the management of interest rate risk arising from non-
trading book activities the Issuer measures its exposure to IRRBB in terms of stressed economic value of 
equity ("EVE") and net interest income ("NII"). Different interest rate shocks are applied for measuring 
EVE and NII sensitivity based on the EBA guidelines EBA/GL/2018/02. In addition, the Issuer has 
implemented early warning indicators in the form of BPV time bucket limits to further monitor the repricing 
risk in the Banking book. 
Credit spread risk 
Credit spread risk arises from debt securities valued at fair value through profit loss or fair value through 
other comprehensive income in the Banking Book bond portfolio and exposures in the Trading Book debt 
portfolio. Credit spread risk was within internal risk appetite limits at the end of 2021. 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk of incurring a significant loss from the inability to meet short-term debt obligations. 
The objective of liquidity risk management is to ensure that Luminor can always meet cash flow obligations, 
including on an intraday basis and across market cycles, and during periods of stress. 
Liquidity risk management is divided into intraday, short-term (1 week to 3 months) and long-term (1 year), 
liquidity management. Intraday and short-term liquidity management ensures compliance with the reserve 
and liquidity requirements set by the ECB and internal liquidity limits. Long-term liquidity risk 
management is supported by analysing the estimated future cash flows considering deposit and loan 
portfolio growth, as well as possible refinancing sources.

--- Page 155 ---
10227697736-v33
- 146 -
70-41032654
 
The Issuer uses a range of liquidity metrics for measuring, monitoring, and controlling liquidity risk 
including the Liquidity Coverage Ratio ("LCR"), the Net Stable Funding Ratio ("NSFR"), internal liquidity 
limits for funding concentration, and the survival horizon metric as a part of the liquidity stress testing.  
As at the end of 2021 the Issuer’s LCR was 137 per cent., while on 31 December 2020 it was 197.2 per 
cent. The LCR reduced due to the lowered concentration of depositors, which resulted in a more optimal 
and stable liquidity position. 
The NSFR is defined as the amount of available stable funding relative to the amount of required stable 
funding over a one-year time horizon. As at the end of 2021 the Issuer’s NSFR was 141 per cent., while on 
31 December 2020 it was 159 per cent.  
The Survival Horizon is defined as a period (measured in days) with a positive cumulative cash flow under 
assumed stress scenarios. This figure is calculated regularly and reported to Luminor’s management bodies 
to ensure that the Bank has adequate liquidity against contractual and potential stressed outflows. 
Assumptions include but are not limited to a loss of a volatile portion of deposits, decrease in asset value 
of the liquidity portfolio, decrease in income from planned customer loan repayments, drawdown of 
undrawn credit lines, and withdrawal of balances from top depositors. During 2021, the survival horizon 
remained stable across different stress scenarios and is longer than 365 days. 
The Issuer has a set of early warning indicators to identify liquidity crises in a timely fashion, and 
contingency funding plans to manage its liquidity during market disruptions. The liquidity risk management 
strategy is reviewed at least annually or after any significant change in the internal or external environment 
the Issuer operates in. The minimum limit for LCR and NSFR ratios is set at 100%, however Luminor has 
a substantial liquidity buffer and maintains higher ratios than set by regulatory requirements. 
In addition, the Issuer carries out the Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process ("ILAAP") which 
provides an assessment of liquidity adequacy through a comprehensive analysis of liquidity risk 
management practices by the Issuer.  
Operational risk management 
The Issuer defines operational risk as the risk of a negative impact (including financial loss, regulatory non-
compliance, reputational damage, impact to customers, and/or process disruption) resulting from 
inadequate or failed internal processes, people, and systems or from external events. Operational risk in the 
Issuer comprises the following sub-risks: legal risk, compliance risk, external theft and fraud risk, money 
laundering, terrorism financing, sanctions and proliferation financing risk, conduct risk, information and 
communications technology risk, information security risk, data management and protection risk, people 
risk, third party and outsourcing risk, operational continuity and resilience risk and process and reporting 
risk and excludes business model risk. 
The Issuer's insurance coverage is an additional element in operational risk management. Insurance 
contracts limit the financial consequences of undesirable incidents, which occur despite established security 
routines and risk-mitigating measures, and reduce exposure to legal liabilities related to the Issuer's 
operations. 
Business Risk 
The Issuer defines Business risk as the risk of not fulfilling internal strategic or financial objectives, caused 
by risks not covered by other risk types in its Risk Taxonomy. While for example, credit risk management 
deals with the mitigation of potential credit losses, business risk deals with the aspect of not fulfilling credit 
portfolio growth targets. As such, the Issuer manages business risk through its strategic and financial 
planning processes. 
In its strategic and financial planning processes, the Issuer ensures that the assumptions used consider an 
adequate assessment of: 
 
the overall economic climate in its home markets 
 
ongoing market trends and potential changes in consumer preferences and their impact on volumes 
and income generated from products

--- Page 156 ---
10227697736-v33
- 147 -
70-41032654
 
 
cost projections both in terms of necessary investments to reach strategic initiatives as well as 
considering market developments, e.g., salary inflation. 
 
While the above ensures an adequate business strategy and financial plan, business risk may arise if the 
organisation does not operate according to its strategy or financial plan. To ensure risk management of this 
risk, the Issuer ensures an adequate performance management framework and monitoring and reporting of 
relevant Key Performance Indicators on an ongoing basis. 
Information security 
Knowledge of information security is an integral part of the Issuer's organisational culture. As the Issuer 
strives to provide digital offerings and launch innovative solutions, wide usage of information and 
communication technology systems is required to empower and automate business processes. Information 
security processes in the Issuer are designed to protect information against accidental or malicious 
disclosure, modification, or destruction and to meet regulatory, legislative and contractual requirements 
concerning information security. All employees at all levels are constantly trained in information security 
and data protection areas to maintain awareness of the associated risks and necessary measures. 
Preventing Financial Crime 
The Issuer is continuously committed to preventing and detecting Financial Crime and Sanctions breaches 
and proactively reviewing and evaluating the efficiency of its practices and investing in the necessary 
human and technological capabilities in the relevant areas. The Issuer must have sufficient information and 
good understanding on its customers and manage and report potential Financial Crime and Sanctions risks. 
As it is subject to a range of legal requirements, the Issuer acts in full transparency and collaboration with 
all the relevant supervisory, law enforcement and regulatory authorities. The Issuer has a permanently 
functioning risk management framework and effective management of Financial Crime and Sanctions risk 
via a comprehensive internal control system that is based on a three lines of defence model (explained 
above in the section entitled "General Risk Management Principles – Internal Control Framework"). The 
Issuer employs more than 150 professionals in the first line of defence and over 60 professionals in the 
second line of defence, maintaining a robust compliance framework and processes throughout the 
organisation. More than 20 Luminor professionals are internationally certified by different organisations 
like the International Compliance Association, Association of Certified Anti-Money Laundering and other 
organisations, recognised internationally as leading training providers in the area of anti-money laundering 
("AML") and Sanctions.  The team consists of certified professionals: Anti-Money Laundering Specialists 
and Global Sanctions Specialists, as well as Financial Crime Specialists, Fraud Examiners and Internal 
Auditors. During 2021, the Issuer has provided over 100 subject matter internal training and awareness 
raising events at all levels within the organisation. 
In the sanctions risk management area, the Issuer applies a zero-tolerance principle. To mitigate the risk of 
not detecting prohibited persons, organisations and entities, the Issuer focuses on compliance with 
applicable sanctions laws and guidelines, recommendations and standards issued by local regulatory and 
supervisory authorities and relevant international organisations, as well as those issued by local banking 
associations and financial intelligence units. 
The Issuer's sanctions compliance program is focused on both the continuous control of existing risks and 
identifying new risks, enabling the implementation of new mitigating measures based on changes to the 
sanctions environment without delay and the allocation of sufficient human resources to the function. 
Pursuant to internal compliance policies and standards, the Issuer implements the following binding and 
non-binding sanctions laws and regulations: 
 
national sanctions of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania (imposed by local state authorities in countries 
where the Issuer operates); 
 
European Union sanctions (imposed by the European Council); 
 
United Nations sanctions (imposed by the United Nations Security Council); 
 
United States of America sanctions (imposed by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC)); 
and

--- Page 157 ---
10227697736-v33
- 148 -
70-41032654
 
 
national sanctions imposed by Finland, Norway and the United Kingdom. 
When implementing sanctions, the Issuer screens its customers during on-boarding and on a daily basis, 
and screens both payments (international and domestic) and defined types of messages (related to securities 
and trade finance operations) in real time. Additionally, other automated and manual mitigation measures 
are implemented in a number of the Issuer’s business processes. 
The Issuer re-evaluates AML/combating the financing of terrorism ("CFT") risk levels on an ongoing basis 
with regard to each customer in order to reflect the actual risk profile of the customer. In accordance with 
the AML/CFT risk level assigned to them, customer due diligence is re-evaluated at least once in every 
three years, and annually for high-risk customers. As at 31 December 2021, based on deposit volumes, 
approximately 98.5 per cent. of customers were residents of the Baltic countries or the EU/EEA (2020: 99.2 
per cent.). 
Customer-specific risk is updated on an ongoing basis to reflect changes in defined risk factors applicable 
to customers. In addition, the internal customer risk scoring system is evaluated on a regular basis by the 
internal compliance function to ensure compliance with applicable local and international regulations.  
The Issuer closely monitors transactions according to predefined scenarios and thresholds that are based on 
legislative requirements, international standards, industry guidance and internal assessments of risks posed 
by customers, products, services, channels and geographies, including frequency and volume of 
transactions, and both external and emerging threats. The scenarios and thresholds are reviewed at least 
annually and on an ad-hoc basis. In addition, internal reporting processes are in place to enable staff to raise 
any concerns or suspicions. 
Employees 
The number of employees of the Issuer as of the end of 2021 totalled 2,262 (in 2020 2,378), which was 
divided between the Baltic countries as follows: in Estonia 549 employees, the Latvian branch had 
approximately 802 and the Lithuanian branch had 911 employees.  
Recent Developments 
In January 2022, the Issuer signed an agreement to acquire 99% of Maksekeskus, the leading e-commerce 
payment service provider in the Baltic region. The acquisition will advance the Issuer’s digital 
transformation and strengthen its presence in the fast-growing e-commerce payments market. The 
transaction, which was approved by the Estonian Competition Authority in March 2022, is expected to 
close in the coming months, and is subject to approval by the EFSA. For more information in relation to 
the transaction, see page 5 of the Issuer’s 2021 annual report incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 158 ---
10227697736-v33
- 149 -
70-41032654
 
MARKET ENVIRONMENT 
The information presented in this section has been extracted from publicly available sources and 
documents. The source of external information is always given if such information is used in this section. 
While reviewing, searching for and processing macroeconomic, market, industry or other data from 
external sources such as the European Commission or government publications none of it has been 
independently verified by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers or any of their affiliates or the Issuer's 
advisers in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer does not intend to and does not warrant to update the data concerning the market or the industry 
as presented in this section, unless such duties arise out of generally binding regulations. 
The Issuer's Home Markets and Competition 
In 2021 the housing market was active and mortgage demand stayed at a high level. The biggest market 
players kept very strong focus on mortgage customers and applied heavy pressure to mortgage margins. 
Also, the main competitors were active in sales activities and marketing campaigns.  
All three countries provided mortgage loans with state support programs to attract more target group 
customers to subsidiaries or loans with guarantees (especially young families, people buying an energy-
efficient home or renovating a home to increase energy performance). 
Estonia 
The Estonian banking sector is very concentrated. The market is dominated by the banks owned by Swedish 
banking groups SEB and Swedbank who together accounted for approximately 65 per cent. of deposits and 
68 per cent. of lending as of June 2021, according to the Estonian Financial Supervision Authority. These 
major banks offer a wide range of financial products and services and compete in all key product segments. 
As at 31 December 2021, according to the estimations of management and calculated on the basis of public 
data published by the Estonian Central Bank, the Issuer's Estonian market share in lending was 10 per cent. 
(10 per cent. to corporates and 11 per cent. to household) and in deposits 5 per cent. (6 per cent. to corporates 
and 4 per cent. to household) and the Issuer is the fourth largest bank by assets in Estonia. 
Latvia 
As of 2021, the Latvian banking market is less concentrated than the Estonian and Lithuanian markets. Top 
five banks in Latvia (Swedish banking groups Swedbank and SEB, Luminor’s Latvian branch and local 
Latvian banks Rietumu and Citadele) accounted for approximately 91 per cent. in deposits and 91 per cent. 
in lending as of December 2021, according to data published by the Finance Latvia Association. The Issuer's 
Latvian branch has sufficient scale to compete with other largest market players (Swedish banking groups 
Swedbank and SEB and local Latvian banks Rietumu and Citadele) offering a wide range of financial 
products and services. As at 31 December 2021, according to the estimations of management, calculated 
on the basis of public data published by Latvian Central Bank, the Issuer's Latvian branch's market share 
in lending was 22 per cent. (19 per cent. to corporates and 27 per cent. to household) and in deposits 15 per 
cent. (18 per cent. to corporates and 13 per cent. to household) and is the fourth largest bank by assets in 
Latvia. 
Lithuania 
The Lithuanian banking market is dominated by a few major players (including Swedish banking groups 
Swedbank and SEB as well the Issuer's Lithuanian branch) who together accounted for approximately 85 
per cent. of deposits and 84 per cent. of lending as of September 2021, according to Association of 
Lithuanian banks. As at 31 December 2021, according to the estimations of management calculated on the 
basis of public data published by Lithuanian Central Bank, the Issuer's Lithuanian branch market share in 
lending was 20 per cent. (19 per cent. to corporates and 21 per cent. to household) and in deposits 21 per 
cent. (21 per cent. to corporates and 14 per cent. to household). 
Economies in which the Issuer and its subsidiaries operate 
The Economy of Estonia 
The Estonian economy grew 8.3 per cent in 2021 compared to 2020 when the GDP had fallen by 3 per cent. 
compared to the year preceding the COVID-19 crisis. Private consumption increased by 6.5 percent and 
the government consumption by 3.9 per cent. The domestic rebound was strong, and the growth continued

--- Page 159 ---
10227697736-v33
- 150 -
70-41032654
 
throughout the year. Estonian exporters succeeded in increasing sales by 19 per cent. after witnessing a 
contraction of 5 per cent. the year before. Additionally, imports increased by 20.6 per cent. in 2021 as the 
import share of Estonian exports is sizable and domestic demand was growing. The labor market came out 
of the crisis in a strong position. The unemployment rate at the fourth quarter of 2021 was 5.2%. 
Employment for women is 64 per cent., which is very close the historic maximum and the employment rate 
for men was 69.5 per cent., down 3 percentage points from the historic maximum in 2019. Despite the 
several waves of COVID-19 and restrictions through the year, the business sector remained active. The 
rebound was expected and only investments fell short of expectations. 
The main challenge for the Estonian economy was the increase in energy prices. Electricity and gas prices 
hiked in the last months of the 2021 and the price of oil has continued to increase in the beginning of 2022. 
As energy expenses make up a larger share of Estonian consumption than in the euro area and electricity 
prices in the region were unexpectedly high, the inflation rate reached 12 per cent. at the end of 2021. 
During the last ten years prices have increased by 31%, so more than one third of that increase took place 
within the last year. Because nominal wages increased in December 2021 by 9.5 per cent. compared to the 
year before – which is less than prices – real wages fell. As nominal interest rates are still very low, the real 
interest rates are in a deep negative territory. This has created a new economic environment that households 
and businesses have not seen since double digit inflation in 2007. 
Before the beginning of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the economy was expected to stay strong with 
GDP growing above the average level of the last decade, still recovering from the COVID-19 crisis and the 
inflation rate falling because of the base effects of higher prices in 2021. Expectations have changed since 
24 February 2022. Energy prices are more likely to stay at a higher level in the region than before. The 
likelihood of all commodity prices increasing is high. Volatility of these markets will be at elevated levels 
and economic uncertainty, not only in the region, is increasing.  
The direct effects through trade with Russia are limited as only 2 per cent. of Estonian GDP is affected by 
exports to Russia. Estonian banks have very limited exposure to companies in Russia or having business in 
or with Russia. The main effects come through uncertainty. In a very short term, the crisis has already led 
to many investment projects being postponed. Coming months will show whether they will be continued 
or cancelled. Equally, the energy sector is in need of investments that the government is planning in 
cooperation with the private sector. The debt level of Estonia is below 20 per cent., which will aid in 
facilitating any fiscal intervention.  
The Economy of Latvia 
In 2021 Latvia’s GDP grew by 4.8%, exceeding the pre-pandemic high in 2019 by 0.8% - this is weaker 
performance than in other Baltic states, but better than general EU performance and better than was 
expected at the beginning of the year. Some export-oriented sectors performed very well, manufacturing 
expanded by 7.4%, commercial services by 4.9% and ITC by 11.1%, but the hospitality and catering sectors 
extended their period of decline, contracting by -5.2% due to continuing restrictions. Transport service 
exports were affected by continued weakness in railway and port services. Real growth of goods and 
services exports was 6.2%, but imports grew by 13.5%, supported by re-stocking.  
Consumption continued to recover at a solid pace (+4.8%), helped by a change in fiscal policy stance in 
early 2021 toward stronger support of household incomes to alleviate pandemic effects. Fixed investment 
growth (+3.0) was somewhat lower than expected, reflecting the lagged effects of early pandemic 
uncertainty for businesses. The housing market is beginning to expand after a long period of stagnation, 
helped by a recovery in mortgage lending. The total loan portfolio increased by 11% in 2021, the largest 
annual growth since 2008. Finance was the second fastest growing sector (after health care) in 2021, 
expanding by 20.6%, after its share of the total value added fell from 4.9% in 2014 to 3.5% in 2021.  
During the year inflation emerged as a big policy issue across the world, and in Latvia it was even more 
acute as food and energy constitute a higher share of consumption than on average in the EU. In January 
2021 prices were still falling by 0.5% in annual terms, but in December 2021 inflation reached 7.9%. There 
is a risk that it will move into double-digit zone in 2022.  
At the beginning of 2022 growth forecasts for Latvia clustered closely around 4%. While pandemics are 
rapidly ceasing to be a major economic issue, Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has induced the imposition of 
significant sanctions towards Russia that will also affect Latvia’s economy. As a result, the transit business's 
extended period of decline may worsen, and there will be a temporary but strong negative effect on several

--- Page 160 ---
10227697736-v33
- 151 -
70-41032654
 
sectors of manufacturing (including pharmaceuticals and machinery). Some negative impact on consumer 
and business confidence is expected, and in the first weeks of the war there was a strong impact on mortgage 
applications. Investment and construction will be affected by the disruption of steel supply chains.  
As of March 16 2022, there is reasonable hope that a peace agreement will be concluded soon. The economy 
might fail to grow at all in 2022 in the scenario of a prolonged conflict, as there will be some adverse 
economic impact even in the most optimistic scenario (likely to be approximately 1 per cent. of GDP) as 
the impact on Russia, a relatively important trade partner, will be profound and long lasting as confidence 
in Russia is significantly damaged. Having said this, in the case of prolonged hostilities and consequent 
high energy prices 2022 will see large public expenditure, such as income support for households and 
potential extension of energy price ceilings. 
The medium-term economic outlook remains good as it has undergone significant restructuring in recent 
years and the burden of household, corporate and government debt is exceptionally low by euro area 
standards. The Latvian economy will continue to rely on fast growth of smart service exports (IT and 
business services), and modern manufacturing (engineering and pharmaceuticals) as well as developing its 
traditional strengths in primary sectors - food and timber processing. 
The Economy of Lithuania 
The Lithuanian economy has demonstrated spectacular resilience to the COVID-19 crisis declining by a 
mere 0.1% in 2020. A shallow and short-term recession in 2020 was followed by robust and broad-based 
economic recovery in 2021 with GDP expanding by an impressive 4.9%. Growth in 2021 was primarily 
driven by high-tech export-oriented sectors with manufacturing, information and communication 
technology (ICT) and financial service (fintech) sectors expanding respectively by 11.7%, 8.1% and 12.8%. 
As a result, Lithuanian exports increased by an impressive 14.1% in 2021. Domestically oriented sectors 
also performed well with private consumption growing at 5.6%, supported by rapid wage growth and high 
consumer confidence, albeit activity in leisure service sectors remained 10% lower compared to pre-crisis 
levels due to remaining lockdown and travel restrictions. The housing market has also demonstrated 
spectacular recovery with house price growth exceeding 20% and the number of housing transactions 
exceeding the pre-crisis levels observed in 2019.  
GDP growth started to lose its momentum towards the end of 2021 due to increasing inflationary pressures 
and rising geopolitical uncertainties. Inflation rose into the double-digit zone in December 2021 and is 
expected to remain within the double-digit zone until mid-2022. This will reduce purchasing power of 
households and halt private consumption growth. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has triggered a set of 
economic sanctions, which will result in almost complete loss of Russian and Belarussian markets. This 
would not have a major negative impact on the Lithuanian economy, since exports of local origin goods to 
Russia have been steadily declining since the 2014-2015 crisis and now constitute a mere 0.7% of 
Lithuanian GDP, which is comparable to the EU average (0.7% of GDP). The loss of the Ukrainian market 
would be more painful for Lithuania, since exports of local origin goods to Ukraine have been steadily 
growing over the last 5 years and now are larger than exports to Russia and Belarus combined. Hence, the 
impact of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on the Lithuanian economy to a large extent will depend on the 
outcome of the conflict. Yet, in any scenario, weaker growth and higher inflation are expected in 2022 with 
a stagflation scenario becoming increasingly likely. On a positive note, higher public spending – especially 
for defence and energy – should support economic growth, while record-high wheat prices will be beneficial 
for the Lithuanian agriculture sector.

--- Page 161 ---
10227697736-v33
- 152 -
70-41032654
 
THE ESTONIAN HOUSING MORTGAGE MARKET 
The information provided below has been derived from publicly available information on the Estonian 
housing mortgage market. 
Introduction 
Commercial lenders are the principal originators of residential mortgage loans in Estonia. 
Lending for apartments and houses typically takes the form of one mortgage loan with an aggregated Loan-
to-Value Ratio of up to 85 per cent. Loans with a Loan-to-Value Ratio of up to 90 per cent. where the 
borrower also receives a state guarantee from KredEx (an Estonian foundation founded by the Estonian 
Ministry of Economic Affairs and Communications offering housing loan guarantees to private 
individuals), are also available. 
Estonian mortgage loans may have a fixed or variable rate of interest, although loans with variable rates of 
interest are the most commonly originated at the date of this Base Prospectus. For variable rate loans, the 
interest is determined as a variable margin over 3-month, 6-month or 12-month EURIBOR interest rates or 
over prime rates set by the banks. In most cases 6-month EURIBOR is used. While there are no specific 
rules limiting rates of interest (other than in respect of default interest), the general principles of equity 
under Estonian law also apply. 
Mortgage Lenders in Estonia 
Mortgage lenders in Estonia provide a range of financing for single family homes – flats, houses and 
terraced houses. They also provide financing for business and commercial property. According to the 
statistics published by the Financial Inspection as at 30 June 2021, the market shares of Estonian financial 
institutions based on balance of housing loans issued to households were as follows: 
 
Source: https://fi.ee/en/publications/estonian-financial-services-market-30062021  
 
Swedbank is market leader in Estonia with market share of 45 per cent. based on housing loans issued to 
households, followed by SEB with market share of 29 per cent. Luminor is holding third position with 
market share of 12 per cent.  
Increasing confidence among households, a rising average wage, the savings built up during the pandemic, 
and the payouts from the second pillar of the pension system all increased the demand for housing and in 
the loan market. Transaction activity in the housing market was boosted in the spring by the reduction in 
the uncertainty surrounding the pandemic and by the clarification of the schedule for payouts from the 
second pillar, and so housing prices rose fast. 
Sw edbank45%
SEB 29%
Luminor 12%
LHV 9%
Coop Bank 3%Other 2%
Housing loans in Estonia Q2 2021

--- Page 162 ---
10227697736-v33
- 153 -
70-41032654
 
With transaction activity and housing prices increasing, the growth in housing loans also accelerated. 
Since 2012, both the housing loan balance and the number of loans have been increasing. The loan balance 
has been increasing faster than the number of loans, meaning that the average housing loan balance has 
grown from EUR 37,000 per loan in 2013 to EUR 49,900 in 2021. But household deposits have grown even 
faster – where loan balance has increased on average 5 per cent. annually, household deposits have 
increased 10.4 per cent. annually. In the assessment of the Issuer, this indicates positive credit worthiness 
trend among Estonian customers. 
The number and balance of housing loans in Estonia (2010-2021): 
 
Source: http://statistika.eestipank.ee/#/et/p/650/r/1172/1021" 
 
Material Legal Aspects of the Mortgage Loans 
The below summary provides a brief overview of the material legal aspects of mortgage loans and does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all legal considerations relating to mortgage loans. This summary is 
based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that 
may take effect after such date. 
Establishment of a Mortgage 
Real estate property located in Estonia can be pledged by way of a mortgage, which must be established 
under a mortgage agreement authenticated by a notary and which is registered in the Estonian Land 
Register. The entering into a mortgage agreement and registration of the mortgage in the Estonian Land 
Register is sufficient evidence regarding the establishment of the mortgage and no further certificates (either 
physical or electronic) are issued with respect to the mortgage under Estonian law. The Estonian Land 
Register is a public register and, subject to the payment of a processing fee, information regarding real 
estate properties and mortgages encumbering such real estate properties can be accessed publicly. An entry 
concerning the mortgage in the Estonian Land Register sets out: (i) the mortgagee; (ii) the monetary amount 
of the mortgage (sum of mortgage); and (iii) the agreement according to which the owner of the real estate 
property has consented to be subject to immediate compulsory enforcement (if applicable). Real estate 
property that may be subject to a mortgage comprises: (i) immovable, i.e. delimited part of land and (ii) 
right of superficies, which is defined as a transferable and inheritable real right which encumbers an 
immovable such that the person for whose benefit a right of superficies is constituted is entitled to own a 
construction permanently attached to the immovable for a specified term. 
Under Estonian law, a mortgage usually encumbers a real estate property in its entirety. In the case of a real 
estate property co-owned by several owners, a legal share of a real estate property belonging to a co-owner 
may also be encumbered with a mortgage. A mortgage cannot be established only on a physical share of a 
real estate property or a part of the legal share of a co-owner. 
4,000
5,000
6,000
7,000
8,000
9,000
10,000
155,000
160,000
165,000
170,000
175,000
180,000
185,000
190,000
195,000
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
Number of loans
 Loan balance, EUR million

--- Page 163 ---
10227697736-v33
- 154 -
70-41032654
 
A mortgage established under Estonian law extends to the parts, accessories and fruits of the real estate 
property. A mortgage does not extend to the accessories of the real estate property which are not in the 
ownership of the owner of the real estate property. Furthermore, a mortgage does not extend to accessories, 
parts and natural fruits which before the seizure of the real estate property are transferred according to 
regular management or permanently severed from the real estate property. If real estate property 
encumbered with a mortgage is leased, the mortgage also extends to a claim under the lease which is created 
within the period between seizure of the real estate property or declaration of bankruptcy of the debtor and 
sale of the real estate property, or which is created within one year before seizure of the real estate property 
or declaration of bankruptcy of the debtor and is uncollected. If a real estate property encumbered with a 
mortgage is insured, the mortgage also extends to a claim for insurance proceeds. 
A mortgage, to the extent of the amount of the mortgage, secures a claim, interests (including the fine for 
delay) for up to three years before sale of the real estate property in enforcement proceedings, expenses for 
the collection of the debt, including the costs of the enforcement proceeding and bailiff's fees, and the 
insurance premiums paid by the mortgagee on behalf of the owner of the immovable. 
Enforcement Procedures 
Introduction and general principles of Estonian law in respect of enforcement 
If a borrower fails to fulfil its obligations under a mortgage loan agreement, the creditor may generally (i) 
seek general enforcement of its claims against the borrower and collection of the debt arising from the 
mortgage loan and (ii) seek enforcement of a mortgage (and other security, if any) securing the mortgage 
loan to be able to satisfy the claims arising from the mortgage loans for the account of proceeds from the 
enforcement of such mortgage (or other security). 
General enforcement by a creditor of claims against a defaulting borrower under a mortgage loan typically 
requires under Estonian law that the creditor first obtains a judgment or arbitral award ordering the relevant 
claims to be satisfied (for example, for a debt to be paid) after which the actual enforcement may be carried 
out by a bailiff in a formal enforcement procedure against the assets of the borrower regulated by Estonian 
law. 
Alternatively, a creditor holding a mortgage over real estate or a borrower or a third party as a security for 
the borrower's obligations under a mortgage loan may initiate enforcement of the mortgage, which is carried 
out (outside of bankruptcy proceedings of the mortgagor) by way of sale of the mortgaged real estate at a 
compulsory auction conducted by a bailiff or by way of compulsory administration by a bailiff. This 
presupposes the existence of an enforcement agreement entered in the Estonian land register. 
Enforcement of a claim against the debtor 
To enforce a claim against the debtor arising from a mortgage loan, the creditor must typically submit its 
claim to a court or arbitration tribunal having jurisdiction over the mortgage loan. In such court or arbitral 
proceedings, the creditor would need to prove its claim against the debtor in order to obtain a court ruling 
or arbitral award ordering the payment of the relevant claim. Upon such court ruling or arbitral award 
entering into force, the creditor may apply to a bailiff, who shall carry out enforcement proceedings with 
respect to the debtor and its assets. In enforcement proceedings, if the debtor fails to pay the debt voluntarily, 
the debtor's property is seized and sold to the extent necessary to satisfy the claim and the claim of the 
creditor shall be satisfied from the proceeds received from such sale. 
The enforcement proceedings, including the seizure and sale of the debtor's property, are carried out by a 
bailiff in accordance with the Estonian Code of Enforcement Procedure. The Estonian Code of Enforcement 
Procedure provides, inter alia, a list of items of the debtor which cannot be seized and sold in enforcement 
proceedings, which mainly consist of property which is essential for the debtor to satisfy his or her needs 
or the seizure and sale of which would be contrary to law or good morals. The Estonian Code of 
Enforcement Procedure further provides a number of forms of income of the debtor which cannot be used 
to satisfy claims in enforcement proceedings, which mainly consists of benefits payable in accordance with 
laws. 
Enforcement of a mortgage 
The process of enforcement of mortgages depends on whether or not the mortgagor and the mortgagee have 
agreed in the agreement authenticated by a notary that the mortgagor agrees to submit to immediate

--- Page 164 ---
10227697736-v33
- 155 -
70-41032654
 
compulsory execution proceedings in order to satisfy the claims secured with the mortgage. Such agreement 
may be (and generally is) included in the agreement for the establishment of the mortgage but may be made 
later as well, including after the claims secured by the mortgage have fallen due. If such agreement has 
been made, the mortgagee may enforce the mortgage without obtaining a court ruling for enforcement 
(although this does not restrict the debtor or the mortgagor from contesting the enforcement of the mortgage, 
in which case court proceedings may still need to be carried out and completed prior to the enforcement of 
the mortgage). If such agreement has not been made, the mortgagee would need to submit a claim to court 
to recognise its right to enforce the mortgage, on the basis of which the mortgagee could then turn to a 
bailiff to enforce the mortgage. 
Where the mortgagor and the mortgagee have agreed in the notarised agreement on submission by the 
mortgagor to immediate compulsory execution proceedings in order to satisfy the claims secured by the 
mortgage or where the mortgagee has obtained a court ruling for the enforcement of the mortgage, the 
mortgagee may apply for initiation of formal enforcement proceedings pursuant to which a bailiff carries 
out the enforcement of the mortgage. 
The enforcement of a mortgage is carried out by a bailiff either by selling the mortgaged property at an 
auction or by subjecting the mortgaged property to compulsory administration. In the case of a compulsory 
auction, the mortgaged property is sold at an auction and the proceeds of the sale are applied towards the 
satisfaction of the secured obligations. In the case of a compulsory administration, the mortgaged property 
is administered by a bailiff and the proceeds of the management of the real estate (e.g. rental income) are 
applied towards the satisfaction of the secured obligations. In case the enforcement of a mortgage is carried 
out by way of selling the mortgaged property, the bailiff will seize the mortgaged property, by recording 
the property and its accessories and other objects to which a mortgage extends, prohibiting disposal thereof 
and applying for a notation concerning prohibition of the disposal of the property to be entered in the 
Estonian Land Register. The bailiff will announce the auction process in the Estonian Official Gazette and 
on at least one commonly used website for the sale of real estate at least 20 days in advance of the auction. 
After at least 20 days have passed from the announcement, the auction will be carried out by the bailiff and 
the proceeds of the auction will be applied towards the satisfaction of the secured obligations. 
As an exception to the above-described process, at the request of the mortgagor and with the consent of the 
mortgagee, the bailiff may permit the mortgagor to sell the mortgaged property under the supervision of 
the bailiff. The bailiff may permit the mortgagor to sell the property also regardless of the consent of the 
mortgagee: (i) if an auction for the sale of the property has failed or it can be presumed that the property 
cannot be sold at an auction or the revenue expected to be received from the property at an auction would 
be significantly lower than the revenue expected to be received from the sale of the property organised by 
the mortgagor or (ii) if an auction has failed due failure by the winning bidder to pay the purchase price and 
a repeated auction is also unsuccessful. 
Cost of enforcement 
If the enforcement process requires submitting a claim to court, a state fee would need to be paid to initiate 
the court proceedings. The amount of such state fee would depend on the amount of the claim. Furthermore, 
court proceedings often entail other legal costs such as legal aid, which may not be compensated in full 
even if the court rules in favour of the party. If the court rules in favour of the other party, it is possible that 
the legal costs incurred by the other party may need to be compensated. 
The enforcement procedure by a bailiff would entail the bailiff's fee and costs necessary for enforcement 
proceedings. In the case of a monetary claim, the bailiff's fee depends on the amount of the claim. The 
enforcement costs would be borne by the debtor and would be collected by the bailiff. The enforcement 
costs would be collected from the debtor by the bailiff on the basis of the decision on enforcement costs 
(such document is immediately enforceable). 
Treatment of the mortgage and mortgagee in the mortgagor's bankruptcy proceedings 
Should the mortgagor be declared bankrupt, the mortgage ensures a priority position of the mortgagee with 
respect to the proceeds from the sale of the mortgaged real estate property. 
In the mortgagor's bankruptcy proceedings, claims secured by the mortgage are satisfied as first priority 
claims for the account (and to the extent) of the money received from the sale of the mortgaged real estate 
property, from which the payments relating to the bankruptcy proceedings (as listed below) in proportion

--- Page 165 ---
10227697736-v33
- 156 -
70-41032654
 
to the ratio of the amount of money received from the sale of the pledged object to the total amount of 
money received from the sale of the bankruptcy estate are deducted. The deduction will be in proportion to 
the ratio of the amount of money received from the sale of the pledged object to the total amount of money 
received from the sale of the bankruptcy estate, but no more than one-tenth of the amount of money received 
from the sale of the pledged object. If a claim secured by the mortgage is not satisfied in full out of the 
money received from the sale of the mortgaged real estate property, the rest of the claim shall be satisfied 
together with all other accepted claims which were filed within the term specified by law. 
The following are regarded as payments relating to the bankruptcy proceedings and have priority over and 
are satisfied before the claims secured by specific assets of the debtor: 
 
claims arising from the consequences of exclusion or recovery of assets; 
 
maintenance support paid to the debtor and his or her dependants; 
 
in bankruptcy proceedings regarding an estate, the expenses paid for the bequeather's funeral, 
maintenance of his/her family members, administration of the estate and conducting the inventory 
of the obligations related to the estate; 
 
consolidated obligations; and 
 
the costs of the bankruptcy proceedings. 
Consolidated obligations are: (i) obligations arising from transactions and other acts performed by a trustee 
in the performance of his or her duties in the bankruptcy proceedings; (ii) expenses of administration of the 
bankruptcy estate by the trustee during the bankruptcy proceedings regarding the estate; (iii) obligations 
arising from contracts which the debtor has failed to perform, if the trustee has continued performance of 
the obligations or given notification that he or she intends to require performance of the contract; (iv) taxes 
relating to continuation of the business activities of the debtor; (v) obligations to compensate for the damage 
caused during the bankruptcy proceedings by an unlawful action of a debtor who is a legal person; (vi) other 
obligations deemed to be consolidated obligations pursuant to the Estonian Bankruptcy Act. 
After the above listed claims have been satisfied, claims secured by the mortgage which have been accepted 
in the bankruptcy proceedings and were filed within the term specified by law, are satisfied before 
unsecured claims. 
Treatment of the mortgage and mortgagee in enforcement proceedings carried out with respect to the 
mortgagor's assets 
If the mortgaged real estate property is sold in enforcement proceedings conducted by other creditors 
through the bailiff on the basis of an execution document, the mortgagee may before the distribution of 
proceeds, submit an application to the bailiff, in which the mortgagee applies for the preferred satisfaction 
of the mortgagee's claim from the proceeds of the sale of the mortgaged real estate property, regardless of 
whether or not the mortgagee's claim has fallen due. The bailiff must take the claim of the mortgagee into 
account upon distribution of the proceeds from the sale of the mortgaged real estate property and 
preparation of a distribution plan on the basis of the ranking of the mortgage as evident from the Estonian 
Land Register or a notarised mortgage agreement. 
Contesting of claims and reversal 
An insolvency administrator and all other creditors of the bankrupt grantor of a mortgage may in the course 
of the bankruptcy proceedings contest the claims submitted against the debtor. If contested, the dispute will 
be finally settled by the court who will determine whether such claim against the debtor exists and is 
sufficiently proven. 
Furthermore, an insolvency administrator may submit a claim to the court for recovering a security interest 
granted by the debtor or security agreement concluded by the debtor. In recovery, the court will revoke 
transactions, subject to the grounds specified below, which were concluded by the debtor before the 
declaration of bankruptcy and which damage the interests of other creditors and which meets other criteria 
for revocation set out in the Estonian Bankruptcy Act.

--- Page 166 ---
10227697736-v33
- 157 -
70-41032654
 
In addition to general grounds applicable to all transactions, the Estonian Bankruptcy Act sets out specific 
grounds for revoking the grant of security. Under such provisions, a court will revoke the grant of a 
mortgage if the mortgage damages the interests of the creditors of the mortgagor and was granted: 
 
during the period from the appointment of the interim trustee until declaration of bankruptcy; 
 
in order to secure an obligation which had arisen within six months before the appointment of the 
interim trustee if the debtor was not required to grant the mortgage at the time when the obligation 
arose or if the debtor was insolvent at the time of granting the mortgage and the person in whose 
favour the mortgage was granted was or should have been aware of the insolvency; 
 
within two years before the appointment of the interim trustee if the security was granted in favour 
of a person connected with the debtor unless the person or the debtor proves that the debtor was 
solvent at the time of granting the mortgage. 
Granting of a mortgage cannot be recovered if the mortgage was granted in order to secure a loan or any 
other credit agreement and after granting the security the debtor came into possession of the amount of 
money corresponding to the value of the mortgage pursuant to the secured agreement (except in case the 
mortgage was granted within two years before the appointment of the interim trustee in favour of a person 
connected with the debtor unless the person or the debtor proves that the debtor was solvent at the time of 
granting the mortgage). 
In addition to reversal (recovery) of the transactions in bankruptcy proceedings, Estonian law also enables 
creditors to apply for reversal of certain transactions in pre-bankruptcy situation. The grounds for and 
procedure for relevant reversal of transactions are stipulated in the Estonian Code of Enforcement 
Procedure. 
Release of debtor who is a natural person from obligations 
Under the Estonian Bankruptcy Act, a debtor who is a natural person may be released from his or her 
obligations which were not satisfied during the bankruptcy proceedings. To be released from his or her 
obligations not satisfied during the bankruptcy proceedings, the debtor must submit a relevant application 
in the course of his or her bankruptcy proceedings. A creditor may file an objection against the release of 
the debtor from his or her obligations on the grounds listed in the Estonian Bankruptcy Act which preclude 
the right to release the debtor from his or her obligations. 
If the court commences proceedings to release the debtor from his or her obligations, the debtor shall be 
obliged to make payments to satisfy his or her debts to the creditors until the court releases the debtor from 
his or her obligations. The court shall generally decide on the release of the debtor from his or her 
obligations which were not performed during the bankruptcy proceedings by a ruling after passing of five 
years from the commencement of the relevant proceedings. In certain circumstances the court may pass the 
relevant decision earlier, after three years have passed from commencement of the proceedings, especially 
if the debtor has been performing his or her obligations duly during the proceedings and has satisfied the 
claims of the creditors to a considerable extent. 
If the debtor is released from his or her obligations which were not performed during the bankruptcy 
proceedings, the outstanding claims of the creditors against the debtor, including those that were not 
submitted by creditors during the bankruptcy proceedings, terminate. Release of a debtor from his or her 
obligations which were not performed during the bankruptcy proceedings shall not terminate the obligations 
to compensate for damage intentionally caused by unlawful action or the obligations to pay support for a 
child or parent. Furthermore, release of a debtor from his or her obligations does not release a person jointly 
liable with the debtor from the obligations. If the person jointly liable with the debtor performs the joint 
obligation, that person shall not have the right of recourse against the debtor if the debtor has been released 
from his or her obligations. 
If a debtor satisfies an outstanding claim of a creditor after the debtor has been released from his or her 
obligations, the assets transferred in performance of the obligation may not be reclaimed from the creditor. 
Consumer protection 
The Estonian Law of Obligations Act sets out a specific legal framework applicable to consumer credit 
contracts relating to residential immovable property, which includes consumer credit contracts secured by

--- Page 167 ---
10227697736-v33
- 158 -
70-41032654
 
a mortgage or another comparable security, or the objective of which is the acquisition of a registered 
immovable, membership in a building association or an existing or planned building, or preservation of the 
specified rights. These provisions also apply to consumer credit contracts entered into with a consumer 
residing in Estonia or in a Member State of the European Union even if the contract is entered into as a 
result of a public tender, advertising or other similar economic activities in Estonia or if the contract is 
essentially linked to the territory of Estonia for any other reason, regardless of the governing law of the 
contract. 
Prior to conclusion of the consumer credit contract, the creditor must provide to a consumer certain specific 
information using the Standard European Consumer Credit Information form, give certain explanations and 
assess the consumer's creditworthiness. In assessing the creditworthiness of a consumer, the creditor shall 
take into consideration all the circumstances known to the creditor which may have an impact on the 
consumer's ability to repay the credit under the terms and conditions agreed upon in the contract, including 
the consumer's financial situation, regular income, other financial obligations, performance of earlier 
payment obligations and the impact of potential increase of the financial obligations arising from the 
consumer credit contract, available consumer data and the amount of the financial commitment undertaken. 
The creditor may enter into a consumer credit contract with the consumer only where the creditor is 
convinced that the consumer is creditworthy as a result of analysing the data constituting the basis for the 
assessment of creditworthiness in aggregate. In the case of a breach of the aforementioned requirement, the 
interest rate applicable to the credit shall be deemed to be equal to the last interest rate applicable to the 
main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank before 1 January or 1 July of each year, unless 
such rate is higher than the interest rate agreed upon with the consumer, and the consumer may use other 
remedies, except for the claim for damages to the extent covered by interest rate reduction. In this case the 
consumer does not owe other fees to the creditor. The aforementioned will not apply if the consumer 
intentionally failed to provide required information or falsified the information and as a result thereof the 
creditor made an incorrect assessment of the creditworthiness of the consumer. Where the creditor and the 
consumer agree to change the amount of credit drawn down by the consumer or the upper credit limit, the 
creditor must update the information regarding the creditworthiness of the consumer and assess the 
creditworthiness each time before such change. 
In the case of a consumer credit contract, an application submitted by a consumer to assume credit 
obligations must be in a format which can be reproduced in writing and the contract or a copy of the contract 
must be promptly given to the consumer on a durable medium. The consumer credit agreement must include, 
among others, the following information: (i) the type of credit, the amount of drawn down or the upper 
credit limit and the terms and conditions of the drawdown and the duration of the consumer credit contract; 
(ii) the amount of the principal sum, interest and any other charges, number and frequency of repayments; 
(iii) the total amount of all the payments made by the consumer for repayment of the credit and the payments 
made to cover the total cost of the credit; (iv) the annual interest rate and its conditions; (v) the annual 
percentage rate calculated in accordance with specific regulations and with illustrative examples (annual 
percentage rate is the total cost of the credit to the consumer expressed as an annual percentage of the credit 
amount drawn down or the upper credit limit provided that the consumer credit contract is valid for the 
agreed term and that the creditor and the consumer fulfil their obligations under the terms and conditions 
and by the dates agreed upon); (vi) a statement showing the periods and conditions for the payment of the 
interest and of any associated recurrent and non-recurrent charges if the charges and interest have to be paid 
without repaying the principal sum of the credit; (vii) a warning regarding the consequences of missing 
payments; (viii) the annual or daily rate of penalty applicable upon delay of payments and the arrangements 
for the adjustment thereof, and, where applicable, any costs payable upon a delay; (ix) information about 
the right of withdrawal, the period during which that right may be exercised and other conditions, including 
information concerning the obligation to repay the principal sum of the credit and the interest accrued 
thereon from the date the credit was drawn down until the date of repayment thereof to the creditor, and the 
amount of interest per day; (x) the procedure for cancellation of consumer credit contracts; (xi) the right 
and procedure of early repayment and creditor's right to compensation and the basis for its calculation; and 
(xii) the assumed value of the mortgaged property at the time of conclusion of the contract. 
If any information required to be provided to the consumer is missing from the appropriate documentation 
or the form requirement is not followed, the contract is void, unless the consumer receives the loan or starts 
utilising the credit. If information about the interest rate, annual percentage rate or initial annual percentage 
rate, or the gross amount of all the payments to be made by the consumer is missing from the appropriate 
documentation, the interest rate shall be deemed to be equal to the last interest rate applicable to the main 
refinancing operations of the European Central Bank before 1 January or 1 July of each year, unless this is

--- Page 168 ---
10227697736-v33
- 159 -
70-41032654
 
higher than the interest rate earlier agreed upon. The consumer shall not be obliged to pay any costs and 
expenses which the consumer is not informed of. 
Consumer credit contracts may set forth an unfixed interest rate in which case the contract must include the 
periods, conditions and procedure for changing the rate of interest and where the rate of interest on the loan 
depends on the reference interest rate, the reference rate applicable to the initial interest rate. Changes of 
interest rates enter into force if the creditor has notified the consumer beforehand, on a durable medium, of 
the change in the interest rate, in the amount of payments due after the entry into force of the new interest 
rate and in the number or frequency of the payments, if any. Where the change in the interest rate is caused 
by a change in a reference rate, and the new reference rate is made publicly available by appropriate means, 
such information may be notified to the consumer periodically. 
A consumer credit contract is void, if the annual percentage rate payable by the consumer exceeds at the 
time of granting the credit the past six months' average annual rate of consumer credits granted by credit 
institutions to private individuals and last published by the Bank of Estonia (Eesti Pank) more than three 
times. If a consumer credit contract is void, the consumer must repay the amount received on the basis of 
the void consumer credit contract by the date by which the consumer had to repay the whole credit 
according to the void consumer credit contract with the interest equal to the last interest rate applicable to 
the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank before 1 January or 1 July of each year. 
A consumer may withdraw from a consumer credit contract within 14 days from the date of entering into 
the contract or receiving from the creditor all statutorily required information, whichever is later, without 
giving a reason. In the case of contracts entered into by means of distance selling and consumer credit 
contracts relating to residential immovable property, the period for exercise of withdrawal rights is 7 days. 
Upon withdrawal, the consumer must repay the outstanding credit and accrued interest no later than 30 days 
after submitting a withdrawal application, and the creditor is not entitled to any compensation from the 
consumer other than the non-returnable state charges paid by the creditor. Contract terms which restrict the 
withdrawal right, in particular agreements pursuant to which withdrawal is subject to payment of retainer 
or a contractual penalty, are void. A consumer has the right to repay the credit in part or in full before 
maturity, without being obliged to pay any interest or other charges for the period when the credit is not 
utilised. If the early repayment of the credit falls within the period for which the interest rate is fixed, the 
creditor has the right to demand only a reasonable compensation for the damage directly linked to early 
repayment, as further detailed by law, except where the credit is repaid for the account of an insurance 
contract entered into to insure the repayment of the credit or in the case of overdraft facilities. If early 
repayment falls within the period for which the interest rate is not fixed, the creditor may claim from the 
consumer the amount of interest for the three following months. The maximum compensation payable by 
a consumer upon early repayment may not in any event exceed the amount which the consumer would have 
paid as interest during the period between the early repayment and the date of maturity. Upon assignment 
of the claim arising from a consumer credit contract, the creditor must inform the consumer thereof, unless 
the creditor continues to exercise rights of a creditor vis-à-vis the consumer under the agreement between 
the creditor and assignee. The assignment cannot validly preclude or restrict the right of a consumer to 
plead defences against the assignee arising from the consumer credit contract or the right of set-off of the 
consumer available to it. Pursuant to general provisions on assignment of claims, a debtor of an assigned 
claim may offset a debtor's claim towards the original creditor against the claim of the new creditor unless: 
(i) the debtor has acquired the claim from a third party and, at the time of acquiring the claim, the debtor 
knew or should have known that the claim against the debtor had been assigned; or (ii) the claim of the 
debtor falls due later than the assigned claim and after the debtor became or should have become aware of 
the assignment. 
If a consumer is late with payments, any penalty for late payment may not exceed the last interest rate 
applicable to the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank before 1 January or 1 July of 
each year plus eight per cent. per year. This does not preclude or restrict the right of the creditor to demand 
compensation for damages in an amount which exceeds the penalty for late payment. Agreements for the 
payment of a retainer or contractual penalty from the consumer in the case of late payments are void. 
If, on the basis of a consumer credit contract, a consumer has made a payment which is insufficient for the 
performance of all obligations which have fallen due, the payment shall cover: (i) firstly, the expenses 
incurred for collection of the debt; (ii) secondly, the principal sum owed; (iii) thirdly, interest; (iv) fourthly, 
other obligations. A creditor may not refuse insufficient payments.

--- Page 169 ---
10227697736-v33
- 160 -
70-41032654
 
Where credit is repayable in tranches, the creditor may cancel the consumer credit contract due to late 
payment only if the consumer is wholly or partly late with payment for at least three consecutive repayments 
and if the creditor has, without success, granted an additional term of at least two weeks to the consumer 
for the payment of the remaining amount together with notification that the creditor will cancel the contract 
upon failure to pay the tranches within the term and will claim for payment of the whole debt. The creditor's 
declaration of cancellation must be in a format which can be reproduced in writing, and upon failure to 
comply with such requirement the cancellation is deemed void. A creditor must, not later than at the same 
time as giving a remedy period, offer a consumer the opportunity to negotiate in order to reach an agreement. 
In case of cancellation by the creditor, the total outstanding amount of all the payments made by the 
consumer for repayment of the credit and the payments made to cover the total cost of the credit will be 
respectively reduced by the interest and the costs calculated for the period when the credit is not used. The 
aforementioned remedy periods, deadlines and negotiation requirement with respect to cancellation will 
not apply if the consumer intentionally failed to provide or falsified information provided to the creditor 
with respect to its creditworthiness. The creditor may cancel the contract also in case of a fundamental 
breach by the consumer. 
Agreements which derogate from the provisions of the Law of Obligations Act (võlaõigusseadus) to the 
detriment of the consumer are void. 
The EFSA and Consumer Protection and Technical Regulatory Authority may, pursuant to the procedure 
provided by law, require a creditor who has breached the mandatory legal provisions to terminate such 
breach and refrain from future breach.

--- Page 170 ---
10227697736-v33
- 161 -
70-41032654
 
THE LATVIAN HOUSING MORTGAGE MARKET 
Introduction 
Commercial lenders are the principal originators of residential mortgage loans in Latvia. 
Lending for apartments and houses typically takes the form of one mortgage loan with an aggregated Loan-
to-Value Ratio of up to 85 per cent. Loans with a Loan-to-Value Ratio of up to 95 per cent. are also available 
where the borrower also receives a state guarantee from Altum (a Latvian state-owned financial institution 
offering housing loan guarantees to private individuals). 
Latvian mortgage loans may have a fixed or variable rate of interest, although, at the date of this Base 
Prospectus loans with variable rates of interest are the most commonly originated. For variable rate loans, 
the interest is determined as a variable margin over 3-month, 6-month or 12-month EURIBOR interest 
rates. In most cases 6-month EURIBOR is used. 
Under Latvian law, the costs of credit to a consumer must be reasonable and comply with fair business 
practices. Furthermore, the total costs of consumer loans (which includes the interest) provided after 1 July 
2019 is subject to statutory limitation (cap) of 0.07 per cent per day from the principal amount of the credit.  
Mortgage Lenders in Latvia 
Mortgage lenders in Latvia provide a range of financing for single family homes – flats, houses and terraced 
houses. They also provide financing for business and commercial property. According to the statistics 
published by the Finance Latvia5 (banking association of Latvia) at 30 June 2021, the market shares of 
Latvian financial institutions based on balance of all housing loans were as follows: 
 
Source: 
https://www.financelatvia.eu/wp-content/uploads/2021/09/Detailed-results-of-Latvian-commercial-banks-2nd-
quarter-2021.pdf 
 
 
 
Swedbank is the market leader in Latvia with a market share of 41 per cent. based on total housing loans. 
Luminor holds a second position with a market share of 30 per cent. with SEB and Citadele being third and 
fourth.  
 
5 
Available at: https://www.financelatvia.eu/wp-content/uploads/2021/09/Detailed-results-of-Latvian-
commercial-banks-2nd-quarter-2021.pdf  
Sw edbank41%
SEB 21%
Luminor 30%
Citadele 6%
Other 2%
Housing loans in Latvia Q2 2021

--- Page 171 ---
10227697736-v33
- 162 -
70-41032654
 
Since 2012, the housing loan balances have been decreasing up until 2020, when they started to recover 
slightly. 2021 was the first year in a long period when growth exceeded 5 per cent. after the 2008 financial 
crisis, reaching 8 per cent. per annum. Household deposits have grown year-on-year, increasing 
approximately 9 per cent. per annum from 2013 to 2021.  
The balance of housing loans in Latvia (2012-2021) 
 
Source: https://www.financelatvia.eu/nozares-dati/ 
Material Legal Aspects of the Mortgage Loans 
The below summary provides a brief overview of the material legal aspects of mortgage loans in Latvia 
and does not purport to be complete analysis of all legal considerations relating to mortgage loans. This 
summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change 
in law that may take effect after such date. 
Establishment of a Mortgage 
Real estate property located in Latvia may be pledged only as a mortgage. A mortgage is established 
pursuant to a written mortgage agreement and is perfected by registration in the Latvian Land Register. 
Latvian law does not require that the mortgage agreement or the obligation document secured by it are 
notarised or made as a deed by a notary public, however (unless the mortgage is established pursuant to a 
notarised deed) the registration application must be attested by notary public. 
The Latvian Land Register is a public register and, subject to the payment of a state and processing fee, 
information regarding real estate properties and mortgages encumbering such real estate properties can be 
accessed publicly, including electronically. An entry concerning the mortgage in the Land Register sets 
out: (i) the mortgagee; (ii) the mortgagor, if the real estate property is co-owned; (iii) the monetary amount 
up to which the mortgage secures the secured claim; (iv) the agreement or other document pursuant to 
which the mortgage is established and the document claims under which are secured by mortgage; (v) if 
applicable, the ranking of the mortgage; and (vi) if applicable, the cross-reference to other real estates 
encumbered by the same mortgage. 
Real estate property that may be subject to a mortgage comprises of: (i) the immovable, i.e. delimited part 
of land, or one or multiple buildings or constructions title to which exist separately from the title to 
underlying land, or a separate apartment (condominium) property, and (ii) the right of superficies, which is 
defined as a transferable and inheritable real right which encumbers an immovable such that the person for 
whose benefit a right of superficies is constituted is entitled to own a construction permanently attached to 
the immovable for a specified term. A mortgage established under Latvian law extends to additions, 
accessories and fruits (i.e. both the income generated by the real estate, and natural crop) of the real estate 
property. A mortgage does not extend to fruits which have been separated from the real estate prior to 
enforcement of the mortgage, or to the additions and accessories which have been lawfully separated from

--- Page 172 ---
10227697736-v33
- 163 -
70-41032654
 
the real estate prior to enforcement of the mortgage. If a real estate property encumbered with a mortgage 
is insured, the mortgage extends to claim for insurance proceeds. 
Under Latvian law, a mortgage usually encumbers a real estate property in its entirety. In case of a real 
estate property co-owned by several owners, a legal share of a real estate property belonging to a co-owner 
may also be encumbered with a mortgage. A mortgage cannot be established only on a physical share of a 
real estate property or part of the legal share of a co-owner. 
A mortgage, to the extent of the amount of the mortgage agreed in the mortgage agreement, secures the 
principal obligation, all ancillary claims related to the principal claim, including interest and default interest, 
other claims incurred pursuant to the obligation document, expenses for the collection of the debt, including 
the costs of the enforcement proceeding and bailiff's fees, and other claims agreed in the mortgage 
agreement. The claims for interest are limited to the period of three years prior to the date of sale of the 
mortgaged property in enforcement of the mortgage. 
Enforcement Procedures 
Introduction and general principles of Latvian law in respect of enforcement 
If a borrower fails to fulfil its obligations under a mortgage loan, the creditor may generally (i) seek general 
enforcement of its claims against the borrower and collection of the debt arising from the mortgage or (ii) 
seek enforcement of a mortgage (and other security, if any) securing the mortgage loan to be able to satisfy 
the claims arising from the mortgage loans for the account of proceeds from the enforcement of such 
mortgage (or other security). Under the Latvian law, a mortgage can only be enforced in court proceedings. 
Two alternative mortgage enforcement proceedings are available: (i) voluntary sale of the mortgaged real 
estate property in an auction through a court ("Voluntary sale") and (ii) non-adversary enforcement of the 
obligation secured by the mortgage ("Non-adversary enforcement"). 
General enforcement by a creditor of claims against a defaulting borrower under a mortgage loan typically 
requires that the creditor first obtains a judgment or arbitral award ordering the relevant claims to be 
satisfied (for example, for a debt recovery) after which the actual enforcement may be carried out by a 
bailiff in a formal enforcement procedure against the assets of the borrower regulated by Latvian law. 
Voluntary sale and Non-adversary enforcement proceedings allow the creditor to enforce the secured claim 
without an obligation to obtain a full judgement in respect of the secured claim. However, in both 
proceedings the creditor may enforce and recover the secured claim only up to the mortgage enforcement 
proceeds. If the mortgage enforcement proceeds are not sufficient to satisfy the entire outstanding claim, 
the creditor will need to enforce other security or commence the general litigation or arbitration proceeding 
to recover the remaining claim. 
Enforcement of a claim against the debtor 
To enforce a claim against the debtor arising from a mortgage loan, the creditor must submit its claim to a 
court having a jurisdiction over the mortgage loan. In such court proceedings, the creditor would need to 
prove its claim against the debtor in order to obtain a court ruling ordering the payment of the relevant 
claim. Upon such court ruling entering into force, the creditor may apply to a bailiff, who shall carry out 
enforcement proceedings with respect to debtor and its assets. In enforcement proceedings, if the debtor 
fails to pay the debt voluntarily, the debtor's property is seized and sold to the extent necessary to satisfy 
the claim and the claim of the creditor shall be satisfied from the proceeds received from such sale. 
The enforcement proceedings, including the seizure and sale of the debtor's property, would be carried out 
by a bailiff in accordance with the Latvian Civil Procedure Law. The Latvian Civil Procedure Law provides, 
inter alia, a list of items of the debtor which cannot be seized and sold in enforcement proceedings, which 
mainly consist of property which is essential for the debtor to satisfy his or her needs or the seizure and sale 
of which would be contrary to law. The Latvian Civil Procedure Law further provides certain forms of 
income of the debtor which cannot be used to satisfy claims in enforcement proceedings, which mainly 
consists of benefits payable in accordance with Latvian law, and certain restrictions regarding enforcement 
against debtor's salary and similar remuneration.

--- Page 173 ---
10227697736-v33
- 164 -
70-41032654
 
Enforcement of a mortgage 
In a Voluntary sale procedure the creditor requests the court to approve the sale of the mortgaged real estate 
property (collateral) on the terms and conditions of the sale proposed by the creditor (mortgagee). The 
creditor may invoke this enforcement procedure if the creditor and the mortgagee have agreed in writing 
(including electronic documents) that the creditor is permitted to invoke the procedure. Such an agreement 
may be (and generally is) included in the agreement for the establishment of the mortgage but may be made 
later as well, including after the claims secured by the mortgage have fallen due. Latvian law does not 
require that the relevant agreement is notarised. The terms of the sale of the real estate must specify the 
opening price of the auction, which the creditor may set at its discretion, and may include such other terms 
and conditions as the creditor deems necessary. The terms and conditions of the sale are approved by a 
judge in ex-parte proceedings. The court decision has an immediate effect, i.e. it has the status of a writ of 
execution and it serves as authorisation to commence the sale of the real estate on the approved terms and 
conditions. The sale is organised by a court bailiff in accordance with the provisions of the Latvian Civil 
Procedure Law and the Latvian Civil Law and is carried out in the electronic auctioning system maintained 
by the Latvian government. 
The Non-adversary enforcement proceeding is an ex-parte proceeding in which a court declares an 
obligation secured by a mortgage as enforceable without examining the creditor's claim on its merits. The 
proceeding may be invoked by a creditor whose claim is secured by a duly registered mortgage in Latvia. 
In these proceedings the judge may reject the creditor's application if any of the grounds for rejection under 
the Latvian Civil Procedure Law exist. a court decision in Non-adversary enforcement proceedings will 
declare which obligation and to what extent is enforceable. The court decision has an immediate effect, is 
non-appealable and has the status of a writ of execution. However, unlike a judgement obtained in a general 
litigation procedure or an arbitral award, the court decision in these proceedings may be enforced only in 
respect of the mortgaged real estate and up to the amount of the mortgage enforcement proceeds. It cannot 
be enforced against any other assets of the debtor. The court decision is enforceable by a court bailiff in 
accordance with the judgement enforcement provisions of the Latvian Civil Procedure Law. 
A court decision in the mortgage enforcement proceedings does not preclude the debtor or the mortgagor 
from contesting the enforcement of the mortgage. This can be done by the commencement of a general 
litigation proceeding against the creditor. Enforcement of the mortgage may be suspended by a court order 
on request of the debtor or the mortgagor. If the enforcement of the mortgage has been suspended, the 
general litigation or arbitration proceedings may need to be carried out and completed prior to enforcement 
of the mortgage. 
The actual enforcement of the mortgage is carried out by a court bailiff in an auction in accordance with 
the Latvian Civil Procedure Law. Prior to the auction, the real estate will be valued by a certified appraiser 
who will determine the forced sale value of the real estate (the valuation would not be required if the sale 
is carried out pursuant to voluntary sale of real estate procedure). The mortgagor and the creditor may 
request a repeated valuation at their own cost, in which case the highest of the valuations would serve as 
the starting price of the auction. The auction is carried out in the electronic auction system provided by the 
Latvian government. Each person willing to participate in the auction must pay a refundable security deposit 
equal to 10 per cent. of the starting price. The debtor, mortgagor, the appraiser and the bailiff itself may not 
participate in the auction. Size of the auction bid is specified in the auction rules. All bids are made and 
accepted electronically. The auction period is 30 days long. 
The auction results are subject to court approval which will only be made after the auction price has been 
paid in full. The person which has acquired the real estate in the auction obtains title to the real estate 
pursuant to the court decision approving the auction results. The mortgagee has the right to acquire the 
mortgaged real estate at the auction starting price if there were no bidders or none of the bidders offered 
more than the starting price of the auction. 
Costs of enforcement 
Various state fees would need to be paid to initiate the mortgage enforcement proceedings or request any 
protective measure in the proceedings. The amount of such state fees would depend on the amount of the 
claim and the enforcement proceedings chosen. Furthermore, court proceedings often entail other legal 
costs such as lawyers' fees, which may not be compensated in full even if the court rules in favour of the 
party. If the court rules in favour of the other party, it is possible that the legal costs incurred by the other 
party may need to be compensated.

--- Page 174 ---
10227697736-v33
- 165 -
70-41032654
 
Enforcement procedure by bailiff would entail state fees, bailiff's fee and various costs necessary for 
enforcement proceedings. In case of a monetary claim, bailiff's fee is split into a fixed and variable part the 
latter depending on the amount of the enforcement proceeds received. The enforcement costs would be 
borne by the debtor, however, in certain cases the creditor is obliged to pay the enforcement costs in 
advance. 
Distribution of mortgage enforcement proceeds 
Distribution of the mortgage enforcement proceeds is mandatorily governed by the Latvian Civil Procedure 
Law and cannot be varied by contract. According to the Latvian Civil Procedure Law, the mortgage 
enforcement costs are paid in the following sequence of priority: (i) the enforcement costs, including the 
remuneration of the court bailiff, the auction costs, costs of valuation of the collateral for enforcement 
purposes, and other related costs; (ii) salary and social security claims of the employees that were involved 
in the maintenance of the mortgaged real estate (if applicable); (iii) claims for past due real estate taxes on 
the mortgaged real estate; (iv) claims for payments related to real estate management services/activities 
connected with residential buildings up to 5 per cent. from the auction price (applicable from 2023); (v) 
dues and other obligations attached to the real estate and recorded in respect of the real estate in the Land 
Register (this does not include mortgages); (vi) the claims secured by the mortgage, provided that interest 
claims are payable in this priority category only for the past three years, counting from the last day of the 
auction; and (vii) interest claims that were not paid in the previous priority ranking, and all other unsecured 
claims pro rata. 
Treatment of the mortgage and mortgagee in the mortgagor's insolvency proceedings 
Should the mortgagor be declared bankrupt, the mortgage ensures a priority position of the mortgagee with 
respect to the proceeds from the sale of the mortgaged real estate property. The priority is ensured subject 
to the conditions that (i) the secured creditor has filed its claim within the period specified by the law and 
(ii) the claim has been accepted in the mortgagor's insolvency proceedings.  
In the mortgagor's bankruptcy proceedings, claims secured by the mortgage are satisfied as first priority 
claims for the account (and to the extent) of the money received from the sale of the mortgaged real estate 
property. The enforcement costs and insolvency administrator's remuneration for the enforcement are paid 
before the secured claim. If a claim secured by the mortgage is not satisfied in full out of the money received 
from the sale of the mortgaged real estate property, the rest of the claim shall be satisfied together with all 
other accepted claims which were filed within the term specified by law. All waterfall provisions agreed in 
the loan and security documentation are disregarded in the insolvency proceedings. The proceeds received 
in the sale of mortgaged real estate in insolvency proceedings are first applied in satisfaction of the principal 
claim, then interest, and finally in towards payment of penalties. All claims are paid if and to the extent 
they have been accepted by the insolvency administrator (or, in case of dispute, awarded pursuant to a court 
judgement).  
Enforcement of mortgages on residential property may be suspended in accordance with the Latvian 
Insolvency Law if the debtor and his dependants are residing in the mortgaged property and need time to 
relocate. 
Enforcement of mortgages in the insolvency proceedings is carried out by the insolvency administrator in 
accordance with the provisions of the Latvian Civil Procedure Law and the Latvian Insolvency Law. 
However, the mortgagee and the insolvency administrator are permitted to agree on enforcement of 
mortgage in a private sale carried out by the administrator or the mortgagee itself.  
If the mortgagor is a legal entity, the mortgagor may pursuant to the Latvian Insolvency Law apply for and, 
subject to the required creditor consent, invoke a debtor's legal protection proceeding allowing the debtor 
to restructure its obligations according to the plan approved by the creditors and the court. Provided that at 
least 50 per cent. of the unsecured creditors and 2/3 of the secured creditors have consented, the debtor 
would be able to apply one or more of the following restructuring measures: extension of maturity of the 
obligations, reduction of the principal or interest, capitalisation of the obligations.

--- Page 175 ---
10227697736-v33
- 166 -
70-41032654
 
Treatment of the mortgage and mortgagee in enforcement proceedings carried out with respect to the 
mortgagor's assets 
If the mortgaged real estate property is sold in enforcement proceedings conducted by another creditors, 
the mortgagee, if it holds an enforceable writ of execution, may before the completion of the enforcement 
auction, submit an application to the bailiff, in which the mortgagee applies for the preferred satisfaction 
of the mortgagee's claim from the proceeds of the sale of the mortgaged real estate property. The bailiff 
must take the claim of the mortgagee into account upon distribution of the proceeds from the sale of the 
mortgaged real estate property and preparation of a distribution plan.  
If the mortgagee does not hold a writ of execution or has not applied to the bailiff within the period specified 
above, and his or her claim has a higher ranking over the claim enforced by the bailiff, the bailiff must 
reserve the enforcement proceeds in the amount of the secured claim stated in the Latvian Land Register or 
notified by the mortgagee on demand by the bailiff, in the bailiff's deposit account. In this case the 
enforcement proceeds are paid to the creditor once the credit has obtained and submitted to the bailiff a writ 
of execution in respect of the secured claim.  
Contesting of claims and reversal 
In the mortgagor's insolvency proceedings only the claims that have been submitted by the creditors within 
the period specified in the Insolvency Law and have been accepted by the insolvency administrator are 
paid. A creditor is entitled to contest the decision of the insolvency administrator on non-recognition or 
partial recognition of his or her claim in the court. In addition, each creditor, as well as debtor (acting via 
its representative in insolvency proceeding) may contest the administrator's decision to accept of a claim of 
another creditor. If contested, the dispute will be finally settled by the court.  
Furthermore, the insolvency administrator has the duty to evaluate all insolvent debtor's transactions and 
bring an action before a court to avoid the transaction if the transaction has been concluded after the date 
of proclamation of the debtor's insolvency or within three years prior to it and it meets the transaction 
avoidance criteria set out in the Latvian Insolvency Law.  
A mortgage that has been established after the date on which the proclamation of the debtor's insolvency 
has been recorded in the Latvian Insolvency register is invalid. A mortgage may also be invalidated, if the 
agreement establishing the mortgage or the obligation secured by it is avoided on the general transaction 
avoidance grounds described above, or if it secures an obligation that is rescinded by the insolvency 
administrator pursuant to its discretionary powers under the Latvian Insolvency Law. In general, insolvency 
administrator may rescind all debtor's transactions which on the date of proclamation of the debtor's 
insolvency have not yet been performed or are performed partially. 
Release of debtor who is a natural person from obligations 
Under the Latvian Insolvency Law, natural person's insolvency proceedings always involve a bankruptcy 
proceeding and a subsequent release of obligations proceeding in which the debtor's obligations that remain 
unpaid in the bankruptcy proceeding are paid to the extent of his/her assets and the remaining unpaid 
obligations upon the completion of the proceeding are terminated. An individual may not invoke the release 
of obligations proceeding in the instances specified in the Latvian insolvency law.  
Certain assets are exempt from sale in the bankruptcy proceeding. These include the assets that are required 
by the debtor to earn his/her income, and, if so agreed by the mortgagee, the mortgaged property which is 
the debtor's place of residence.  
To be released from his or her obligations not satisfied during the bankruptcy proceedings, the debtor must 
prepare a debt release plan and submit it to his/her creditors and the court that oversees his or her bankruptcy 
proceeding. A creditor may object to the proposed plan or propose any amendments to the plan. Only the 
principal obligations and interest agreed and accrued prior to insolvency proceedings and capped at 6 per 
cent. per annum are payable during the release of obligations proceeding pursuant to the debt release plan. 
The duration of the release of obligations proceeding may last from 6 months to 3 years and is determined 
by the debtor based on the aggregate amount of the income forecast to be earned by the debtor and the 
aggregate amount of the obligations that have to be paid by the debtor during the proceeding. If the debtor's 
income during the performance of the debt release plan changes, the debtor has an obligation to prepare 
amendments to the plan in line with the change.

--- Page 176 ---
10227697736-v33
- 167 -
70-41032654
 
The court shall generally decide on the release of the debtor from his or her obligations which were not 
performed during the release from obligations proceedings by a ruling if the debtor has complied with the 
plan and the term of the proceeding contemplated in the debt release plan has expired. The court may revoke 
the release of obligations proceeding if the debtor does not comply with the debt release plan or was not 
entitled to invoke the proceeding due to any obstacle specified in the Latvian Insolvency Law. In this case 
all obligations that remained outstanding after the completion of the bankruptcy proceeding are restated.  
If the debtor's release of obligations proceeding is completed, all outstanding claims of the creditors against 
the debtor that were included in the debt release plan and all those claims that were not submitted by 
creditors during the bankruptcy proceedings, terminate. Release of a debtor from his or her obligations shall 
not terminate the obligations to compensate for damage intentionally caused by unlawful action, the 
obligations to pay support for a child or parent, obligations to pay administrative or criminal penalties, as 
well as the obligations secured by a mortgage on the debtor's dwelling if the debtor and the mortgagor in 
the bankruptcy proceeding had agreed that the dwelling would not be sold within the bankruptcy 
proceeding. Furthermore, release of a debtor from his or her obligations does not release a person jointly 
liable with the debtor from the obligations. If the person jointly liable with the debtor performs the joint 
obligation, that person shall not have the right of recourse against the debtor if the debtor has been released 
from his or her obligations. 
Consumer protection 
General requirements 
The Latvian Consumer Rights Protection Law sets out specific legal framework applicable to consumer 
credit contracts relating to residential immovable property, which includes consumer credit contracts 
secured by a mortgage or another comparable security, or the objective of which is the acquisition of a 
registered immovable, membership in a building association or an existing or planned building, or 
preservation of the specified rights.  
Loans to consumers may only be granted by credit institutions authorised in Latvia or another EEA member 
state or by consumer lenders authorised (licensed) in Latvia. 
Prior to conclusion of the consumer credit contract, the creditor must provide to a consumer certain specific 
information using the Standard European Consumer Credit Information form and assess the consumer's 
creditworthiness. 
In assessing the creditworthiness of a consumer, the creditor shall take into consideration all circumstances 
known to the creditor which may have an impact on the consumer's ability to repay the credit under the 
terms and conditions agreed upon in the contract, including the consumer's financial situation, regular 
income, other financial obligations, performance of earlier payment obligations and the impact of potential 
increase of the financial obligations arising from the consumer credit contract,. The consumer has an 
obligation to provide information on his or her income and expenses at the request of the creditor. 
The creditor may enter into a consumer credit contract with the consumer only if the creditor is convinced 
that the consumer is creditworthy and the credit obligations are likely to be met under the terms of the 
contract, and the documentary proof of income mandatorily required by the Latvian law has been obtained. 
New assessment of the consumer's creditworthiness would be required each time the amount of the 
consumer loan is materially changed.  
If the creditor has failed to assess the consumer's creditworthiness, the interest rate applicable in respect of 
the relevant credit would, on the request of the consumer and subject to applicable statute of limitations, be 
capped at the rate of the statutory interest rate (which currently is 6 per cent per annum) and creditor shall 
not be allowed to charge late payment penalties, interest or fees. However, this would not affect the 
consumer's obligation to repay the principal amount of the loan. 
The creditor is obliged to develop, document and maintain procedures on assessment of the consumer's 
ability to repay the credit. The assessment must not be based solely on the value of collateral or on the 
assumption that the value of real estate will rise. The assessment may be based on the assumption that the 
value of real estate will increase if the consumer's lending contract aims to carry out construction works on 
real estate.

--- Page 177 ---
10227697736-v33
- 168 -
70-41032654
 
If lending services are not provided directly by creditor, the services of a credit intermediary, may be 
provided to the consumer only by credit intermediaries authorised in Latvia or credit intermediaries 
registered in the register of representatives or in the register of the competent authorities of another Member 
State of the European Union. While providing mortgage lending services creditor and credit intermediary 
shall act in a fair, transparent and professional manner, taking into account the rights and interests of the 
consumer. Creditor's employee's remuneration policy must not be an obstacle to comply with that 
obligation. Remuneration may not depend on the number or proportion of credit applications accepted.  
A creditor, credit intermediary or credit intermediary representative shall develop a policy for maintaining 
the knowledge and level of competence of his or her staff, providing the professional qualifications of staff 
with requirements regarding the training and testing of staff. Staff shall be competent at consumer lending 
and protection, real estate purchase, ethics of economic activities, on financial and economic matters. The 
creditor that has received a request for credit from the consumer is obliged to offer him or her at least two 
different terms of the consumer's lending agreement – one of which provides that the real estate serves as 
sufficient collateral to enable the obligation on the creditor to be extinguished in full. Before entering into 
the consumer credit contract, the creditor, credit intermediary or the credit intermediary representative shall 
be prohibited from requiring any payments directly related to the entering into of the consumer's lending 
agreement. 
Requirements for consumer credit contracts 
In case of a consumer credit contract, an application submitted by a consumer to assume credit obligations 
must be in a format which can be reproduced in writing and the contract or a copy of the contract must be 
promptly given to the consumer on a durable medium.  
The substance of the consumer loan contracts is regulated by the government of Latvia. The contracts must 
contain a clear and consider information regarding the key elements of the consumer loan, including the 
type of credit, the term, the amount of the loan, applicable interest rate, the annual percentage rate of charge 
and total amount payable by consumer, and certain other information mandatorily required by the 
government regulations. 
The costs of credit to a consumer must be reasonable and comply with fair business practices. Furthermore, 
the total costs of consumer loans provided after 1 July 2019 are subject to statutory limitation (caps). Failure 
to disclose the consumer credit cost related information in the loan documentation as required by the 
applicable regulations may restrict the lender to claim interest in excess of the then applicable statutory 
interest, or may have other unfavourable consequences to the lender. 
Specific limitations apply to consumer mortgage loans where the amount of the loan is equal to or greater 
than 100 minimum monthly wages (currently, EUR 500 per month). These loans may not exceed (i) more 
than 90 per cent of the market value of the real estate collateral securing them or (ii) more than 95 per cent 
of the amount of the relevant real estate purchase transaction or the planned construction costs, if the 
repayment is secured by a real estate mortgage and a guarantee of the Latvian state granted under a specific 
governmental housing development assistance programme. The abovementioned requirements do not apply 
to consumer credit contracts which are entered into with residents of other countries if the purpose of 
granting the credit is not the purchase or use of real estate or other property to be registered in the public 
registers of Latvia. 
Consumer credit contracts may provide variable interest rate in which case the contract must include the 
periods, conditions and procedure for changing of the interest and in case the loan interest depends on the 
reference interest rate, the reference rate applicable to the initial interest rate. Changes of interest rates enter 
into force if the creditor has notified the consumer beforehand, on a durable medium, of the change in the 
interest rate, in the amount of payments due after the entry into force of the new interest rate and in the 
number or frequency of the payments, if any. Where the change in the interest rate is caused by a change 
in a reference rate, and the new reference rate is made publicly available by appropriate means, such 
information may be notified to the consumer periodically. 
A consumer may withdraw from a consumer credit contract within 14 days from the date of entering into 
the contract or receiving from the creditor all statutorily required information, whichever is later, without 
giving a reason. Upon withdrawal the consumer must repay the outstanding credit and accrued interest no 
later than within 30 days after submitting a withdrawal application, and the creditor is not entitled to any 
compensation from the consumer other than the non-returnable state charges paid by the creditor. Contract

--- Page 178 ---
10227697736-v33
- 169 -
70-41032654
 
terms which restrict the withdrawal right, in particular agreements pursuant to which withdrawal is subject 
to payment of retainer or a contractual penalty, are void. If the consumer has a right of withdrawal, regarding 
distance contracts or contract concluded outside the place of permanent trade, the special terms shall not be 
applied in respect of the time period, procedures and consequences for the exercise of the right of 
withdrawal of lending agreement. 
A consumer has the right to repay the credit in part or in full before maturity, without being obliged to pay 
any interest or other charges for the period when the credit is not used. The consumer shall inform the 
creditor in writing regarding the exercising of the right to fulfilment of the credit obligations before the set 
time period. The parties are entitled to agree in the consumer credit contract on a time period in which the 
consumer should inform the creditor. In variable interest rate contracts, the lender may not claim any 
prepayment related fees or costs. However, if the contract is a fixed borrowing rate contract, and if the early 
repayment of the credit falls within the period for which the interest rate is fixed, the creditor has the right 
to receive reasonable compensation for the damage directly linked to early repayment. Such compensation 
may not exceed the lowest of: (i) 1 per cent of the amount of credit repaid early, if the period of time 
between the day of early repayment and the expiry of the consumer credit contract exceeds one year; or (ii) 
0.5 per cent of the amount of credit repaid early if the period of time between the early repayment and the 
expiry of the consumer credit contract does not exceed one year, or the sum of the interest which the 
consumer would have paid in the period between the day of performing the early repayment and the agreed 
day of the expiry of the concluded consumer credit contract. 
The creditor does not have the right to claim the compensation thereof, if: (i) the amount repaid early does 
not exceed EUR 9,960 within 12 months; (ii) the repayment has been made under an insurance contract 
intended to provide a credit repayment guarantee; (iii) the repayment has been performed in accordance 
with an overdraft consumer credit contract; (iv) the repayment falls within a time period for which the 
borrowing rate is not fixed.  
A creditor must provide the consumer with the information necessary to consider early repayment of the 
credit, indicating the prospective impact caused to the consumer by his fulfilment of liabilities prior to the 
expiry of the consumer credit contract. All the assumptions used shall be commensurate and justified. 
Upon assignment of the claim arising from a consumer credit contract to a third party, the creditor shall 
inform the consumer of the assignment except cases where the initial creditor who has concluded the 
agreement with the assignee continues to service the credit in respect of the consumer or such consumer 
credit contract has been concluded in accordance with which the creditor has consented by continued 
conduct that the consumer uses funds which exceed the balance of funds in the settlement account or the 
granted overdraft facility. In January 2021, the Latvian Supreme Court resolved that consumer lenders may 
assign consumer loans and claims in respect of these loans only to licensed entities. The permitted assignees 
include, among others, consumer lenders, credit institutions and licensed debt collection institutions. 
If, on the basis of a consumer credit contract, a debtor, including a consumer, has made a payment which 
is insufficient for the performance of all obligations which have fallen due, the payment shall cover: (i) 
firstly, interest; (ii) secondly, the main debt; (iii) thirdly, any contractual penalty; (iv) fourthly, other 
obligations. A creditor may not refuse insufficient payments.  
Breach of a consumer credit contract 
In general, unless otherwise expressly permitted pursuant to the law, a creditor does not have the right to 
request from a consumer who has not committed a material breach of the consumer credit contract: (i) 
additional security for the granted credit, on the basis that the value of real estate (initial collateral) has 
decreased due to changes in the real estate market; (ii) any costs for the revaluation of mortgage collateral 
during the duration of the contract, unless the credit has been granted on the basis of the assumption that 
the value of the real estate (collateral) will increase; (iii) early repayment of the issued credit.  
Where a consumer who has not committed a material breach of the contract so requests, the creditor shall 
be obliged to consider the consumer's proposal for extending the period of repayment of the loan or 
changing the loan currency. In the event of a refusal, the creditor shall provide the consumer with a reasoned 
response within 30 days. 
A material breach of the contract shall be regarded as: (i) delaying the repayment of the loan or interest 
payment payments for more than 60 days or more than three times during the year, each time for more than

--- Page 179 ---
10227697736-v33
- 170 -
70-41032654
 
30 days; (ii) use of the loan contrary to the purpose specified in the consumer credit contract; (iii) the 
provision of false information for the receipt of the loan. 
Before the termination of the consumer credit contract and the commencement of the disposal of real estate, 
the creditor shall, if possible, offer to the consumer solutions that would allow the consumer to continue to 
fulfil the obligations, as well as inform the guarantor on the possibility to pay the debt or to take over the 
consumer's obligations. The creditor's declaration of termination of the consumer credit contract shall be 
made in the format which can be reproduced in writing and according to the terms set in agreement.

--- Page 180 ---
10227697736-v33
- 171 -
70-41032654
 
THE LITHUANIAN HOUSING MORTGAGE MARKET 
Introduction 
Commercial lenders are the principal originators of residential mortgage loans in Lithuania.  
Lending for apartments, cottages and houses typically takes the form of one mortgage loan with an 
aggregated Loan-to-Value Ratio of up to 85 per cent. Loans with a Loan-to-Value Ratio of up to 100 per 
cent. are also available where the borrower receives a state subsidy from the Ministry of Social Security 
and Labour of Lithuania. Lithuanian mortgage loans may have a fixed or variable interest rate, although 
loans, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, with variable interest rate are most commonly issued. Variable 
interest rate consists of the base rate which can be 3-month, 6-month or 12-month EURIBOR plus a margin, 
set by the banks. In most cases 6-month EURIBOR is used (for example, the market leader provides only 
one base rate option). There are no specific rules limiting the interest rate (other than in respect of default 
interest rate). 
Mortgage Lenders in Lithuania 
Mortgage lenders in Lithuania provide a range of financing possibilities for residential real estate – 
apartments, houses and cottages. According to the statistics published by the Association of Lithuanian 
banks at 30 June 2021 the market shares of Lithuanian financial institutions based on balance of all 
household loans were as follows:  
 
Source: https://www.lba.lt/en/main-indicators-of-banks 
 
Swedbank is the market leader in Lithuania with a market share of 40 per cent based on loans issued to 
households, followed by SEB with a market share of 28 per cent. Luminor holds third position with market 
share of 23 per cent. The majority of loans to household form housing loans, which make approximately 
84 per cent of total loans to household according to data published by Association of Lithuanian banks at 
30 June of 2021. 
Following a decline in 2013, the housing loan portfolio has been increasing on average 7 per cent. annually. 
However, household deposits have grown even faster – 13 per cent. annually.  The annual growth trend of 
housing loans remains visible, suggesting that the housing market is active and economic conditions are 
favourable. The results are linked with improving economic situation in the last year, growing purchasing 
power and positive expectations as well as favorable credit conditions. It appears that people were inclined 
to invest their pandemic-time savings into real estate. In the assessment of the Issuer, this indicates a 
positive creditworthiness trend among Lithuanian customers. 
Sw edbank40%
SEB 28%
Luminor 23%
Siauliu 7%
Other 2%
Household loans in Lithuania Q2 2021

--- Page 181 ---
10227697736-v33
- 172 -
70-41032654
 
The balance of housing loans in Lithuania (2012-2021) 
 
Source: https://www.lb.lt/en/loans-to-residents-1  
 
Material Legal Aspects of the Mortgage Loans 
The summary below provides a brief overview of the material legal aspects of mortgage loans and does not 
purport to be complete analysis of all legal considerations relating to mortgage loans. This summary is 
based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that 
may take effect after such date. 
Establishment of a Mortgage 
Real estate property located in Lithuania can be provided as a security by way of a mortgage, which must 
be established under a mortgage agreement attested by a notary and which is registered with the Lithuanian 
Real Property Register. The entering into a mortgage agreement and registration of the mortgage in the 
Lithuanian Real Property Register is a sufficient evidence regarding the establishment of the mortgage and 
no further certificates (neither physical or electronic) are issued with respect to the mortgage under 
Lithuanian law. The Lithuanian Real Property Register is a public register and, subject to the payment of a 
processing fee, information regarding real estate properties and mortgages encumbering such real estate 
properties can be accessed publicly (for natural persons – by submitting an request electronically, in person 
or by post; for legal entities – by concluding an agreement with the registers and subsequently accessing 
register data electronically). An entry concerning the mortgage in the Lithuanian Real Property Register 
sets out: (i) the mortgagee; (ii) the mortgagor; (iii) the debtor; (iv) details of the collateral; (v) details of the 
secured obligation (agreement); (vi) amount of the secured obligation and/or maximum amount of secured 
obligation; and (vii) other information indicated in the regulations of the Lithuanian Real Property Register.  
Unless the mortgage agreement establishes otherwise, the mortgage covers: (i) the principal object (real 
estate); and (ii) all current and future auxiliary objects (essential parts of the principal object, fruit and 
production obtained from principal object, appurtenances) belonging to such real estate, except for income 
from real estate. If a real estate property encumbered with a mortgage is insured, the mortgage also extends 
to a claim for the insurance proceeds. 
An immovable object belonging by the right of common ownership may be mortgaged only upon the 
consent of all co-owners. When a part of common divided ownership is mortgaged, the consent of other 
co-owners is not necessary, however, the mortgaged part must be accurately defined in the contract on the 
manner of the use of the thing (object) concluded among co-owners and certified by the notary. 
A mortgage secures the principal amount and interest arising therefrom. The parties to the mortgage 
agreement may agree that penalties and losses of the mortgagee in relation to failure to perform the secured 
obligation are secured by maximum mortgage. 
0
2,000
4,000
6,000
8,000
10,000
12,000
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
Housing Loan balance, EUR million

--- Page 182 ---
10227697736-v33
- 173 -
70-41032654
 
Enforcement Procedures 
Introduction and general principles of Lithuanian law in respect of enforcement 
If a borrower fails to fulfil its obligations under a mortgage loan, the creditor may generally (i) seek general 
enforcement of its claims against the borrower and collection of the debt arising from the mortgage loan 
and (ii) seek enforcement of a mortgage (and other security, if any) securing the mortgage loan to be able 
to satisfy the claims arising from the mortgage loans for the account of proceeds from the enforcement of 
such mortgage (or other security). 
The enforcement of a mortgage is carried out through a notary public and a bailiff. In the event funds 
received from the enforcement of the collateral do not entirely cover the creditor's claim, a creditor is 
entitled to initiate the general debt recovery proceedings by submitting a claim to a court or arbitration 
tribunal having a jurisdiction over the mortgaged loan. 
Enforcement of a claim against the debtor 
To enforce a claim against the debtor arising from a mortgage loan, the creditor must typically submit its 
claim to a court or arbitration tribunal having a jurisdiction over the mortgage loan. In such court or arbitral 
proceedings, the creditor would need to prove its claim against the debtor in order to obtain a court ruling 
or arbitral award ordering the payment of the relevant claim. Upon such court ruling or arbitral award 
entering into force, the creditor may apply to a bailiff, who shall carry out enforcement proceedings with 
respect to debtor and its assets. In enforcement proceedings, if the debtor fails to pay the debt voluntarily, 
the debtor's property is seized and sold to the extent necessary to satisfy the claim. The claim of the creditor 
is satisfied from the proceeds received from such sale. 
The enforcement proceedings, including the seizure and sale of the debtor's property, are carried out by a 
bailiff in accordance with the Lithuanian Code of Civil Procedure. Lithuanian Code of Civil Procedure 
provides, inter alia, a list of items of the debtor which cannot be seized and sold in enforcement proceedings, 
which mainly consist of property which is essential for the debtor to satisfy his or her essential needs. The 
Lithuanian Code of Civil Procedure further provides a number of forms of income of the debtor which 
cannot be used to satisfy claims in enforcement proceedings, which mainly consists of benefits payable in 
accordance with laws. 
Enforcement of a mortgage 
Enforcement is carried out through a notary public and a bailiff.  
A payment default is not the only ground required for commencement of enforcement action. In accordance 
with Lithuanian law, a creditor may start the enforcement proceedings if: (i) within the time period indicated 
in the mortgage agreement a debtor fails to discharge the secured obligation; (ii) other creditors start 
enforcement of the collateral; (iii) a debtor dies (in case of a natural person) or bankruptcy proceedings are 
commenced against a debtor or a mortgagor or a decision to liquidate a debtor or a mortgagor is passed (in 
the case of legal entities); (iv) the value of the collateral decreases by 30 percent and a debtor has failed to 
cover such reduction or such reduction is not covered by insurance; (v) insurance agreement is terminated 
or not renewed; or (vi) other grounds for starting the enforcement procedures as described in the mortgage 
agreement exist (e.g. where the mortgage agreement indicates that other grounds for starting enforcement 
procedures include any event of default as set out in the facility agreement). 
If the above grounds exist, a creditor may apply to a notary public with the request to make an enforcement 
record, on the basis of which a bailiff starts the forced execution procedure. When a creditor (mortgagee) 
applies with a request to make an enforcement record, the notary, having received a request of the 
mortgagee to make an enforcement record, firstly verifies whether: (i) the person submitting the request is 
the mortgagee; (ii) the data provided in the mortgagee's request (mortgage identification code, claim 
amount, details of the debtor, mortgagor and their addresses) conforms to the data provided in the 
Lithuanian Real Property Register; (iii) whether the maturity date of the secured obligation has expired or, 
if the mortgagee wishes to enforce the mortgagee before expiration of maturity date, whether other grounds 
for enforcement exist. After verification of the latter data and prior to making an enforcement record, a 
notary public sends a notice to a debtor proposing to pay the debt within 20 days from the date of the 
dispatch of the notice or to submit information evidencing invalidity of the creditor's claim. A notary public 
makes an enforcement record or refuses to make it, considering the information provided by a creditor and

--- Page 183 ---
10227697736-v33
- 174 -
70-41032654
 
a debtor. The decision to reject the creditor's request to make an enforcement record must be motivated 
(e.g. where no ground for enforcement exists or where the person providing a request is not the mortgagee, 
etc.). 
If the notary public makes an enforcement record, a notary public promptly informs the Lithuanian 
Mortgage Real Property Register thereof. From the date an enforcement record is registered with the 
Lithuanian Real Property Register, a debtor has no right to dispose of the collateral without the creditor's 
consent. After the notary public issues an enforcement record, it has to be transmitted to a bailiff for 
execution.  
In the case of the mortgage, a creditor may choose from the following options of the enforcement: (i) to 
sell the collateral in forced auction; or (ii) to request transferring the collateral (except for the enterprise 
mortgage and mortgage of collateral owned by a person other than a debtor) to a creditor for administration 
(in such case a creditor is entitled to cover its claim from proceeds received during the administration). 
In case of forced auction, the initial price in the forced auction is established as 80 per cent. from the value 
determined by the bailiff upon seizure of the property (following submission of the enforcement record to 
the bailiff for enforcement). This value is determined as the market value taking into account wear and tear 
of the property and opinions of the mortgagee and the debtor. If the bailiff has doubts as to the value of the 
property, an expert valuation of the forced sale asset by an expert may be ordered. If the forced auction is 
not successful (e.g. if no bidders participate), the mortgagee may be offered to take over the ownership of 
the property for the initial price (if the initial price is higher than the claim amount, the difference between 
these amounts has to be transferred to the bailiff). If the mortgagee refuses to take over the ownership of 
the property, further auctions may be organised, where the initial price of the property is gradually reduced. 
The mortgagee may bid in the auction as well. 
In the event funds received from selling the collateral do not entirely cover the creditor's claim, a creditor 
is entitled to initiate the general debt recovery proceedings by submitting a claim to a court or arbitration 
tribunal having a jurisdiction over the mortgaged loan. 
Usually realisation of the collateral takes 6-12 months provided no dispute arises (such as challenging the 
underlying agreements or foreclosure process) and all actions are taken in an expeditious manner. 
Otherwise, the process may take a couple of years. 
Cost of enforcement 
If the enforcement process requires submitting a claim to court, a state fee would need to be paid to initiate 
the court proceedings. The amount of such state fee would depend on the amount of the claim. Furthermore, 
court proceedings often entail other legal costs such as lawyers' fees, which may not be recovered in full 
even if the court rules in favour of the party. If the court rules in favour of the other party, it is possible that 
the legal costs incurred by the other party may need to be paid by the losing party. 
Enforcement procedure by a bailiff would entail a bailiff's fee and costs necessary for enforcement 
proceedings. In case of a monetary claim, the bailiff's fee depends on the amount of the claim and the 
recovered amount. The enforcement costs would be borne by the debtor and would be collected by the 
bailiff.  
Treatment of the mortgage and mortgagee in the mortgagor's bankruptcy proceedings 
If the bankruptcy proceedings have been opened in the debtor company, a creditor must submit its claim 
against the debtor to the bankruptcy administrator together with the necessary documentation (evidencing 
the claim). As a general rule, secured creditors have a priority to settle their debt from the proceeds of the 
sale of mortgaged assets. Notably, the expenses relating to the enforcement of the debt, e. g. the expenses 
relating to administration of the enterprise bankruptcy, bailiff's remuneration, etc., are paid first of all 
(before creditors) from all types of funds of a debtor, including mortgaged assets. 
In case the debtor is subject to bankruptcy proceedings, the claims of the creditors will be satisfied in two 
tiers. The first tier will include: (i) claims of creditors, who provided new or interim financing to the debtor; 
(ii) claims of employees; (iii) claims regarding social security and health insurance taxes, payments to 
Guarantee fund and Long Term Employment Payments Fund; (iv) claims that arose from economic 
commercial activities of the debtor during the insolvency procedure. The second tier will include the claims 
of all other creditors.

--- Page 184 ---
10227697736-v33
- 175 -
70-41032654
 
Claims of the lower tier creditors are only satisfied once the claims of all higher tier creditors have been 
satisfied in full. These preferred groups of claims do not, however, have priority over secured creditors. 
Secured creditors are treated apart and can recover their claims from the collateral (secured asset), i.e. 
should the mortgagor be declared bankrupt, the mortgage ensures a priority position of the mortgagee with 
respect to the proceeds from the sale of the mortgaged real estate property. If the claim is not fully covered 
from the foreclosure of mortgaged assets, the creditor will satisfy the remaining part of the claim in 
accordance with the order indicated above (i.e. the creditor with the remaining part of claim would be in 
the second tier among other creditors). 
Assets or the proceeds of the sale of the assets are distributed pro rata to satisfy the claims of the same 
ranking. The claims are also satisfied in two stages: first of all, principal amounts of debts are covered, and 
only then interest, including penalty interest and fines, are satisfied. 
Treatment of the mortgage and mortgagee in enforcement proceedings carried out with respect to the 
mortgagor's assets 
If the mortgagor's assets are subject to enforcement in enforcement proceedings by other creditors via 
bailiff, the bailiff should invite the mortgagee to join the enforcement, regardless of whether or not the 
mortgagee's claim has fallen due. If the mortgagee decides to join the enforcement, the bailiff must take the 
claim of the mortgagee into account upon distribution of the proceeds from the sale of the mortgaged real 
estate property. 
Contesting of claims 
A bankruptcy administrator and all other creditors of the bankrupt grantor of a mortgage may in the course 
of the bankruptcy proceedings contest the claims submitted against the debtor. If contested, the dispute will 
be finally settled by the court who will determine whether such claim against the debtor exists and is 
sufficiently proven. 
According to the Lithuanian Law on Insolvency of Legal Entities, the bankruptcy administrator is obliged 
to examine the transactions entered into by the insolvent entity within a period of at least 3 years before the 
initiation of bankruptcy proceedings. The bankruptcy administrator has an obligation to bring actions in 
court for the invalidation of the transactions which are contrary to the objectives of the insolvent company's 
activities and which could have led to its inability to settle with the creditors. If a bankruptcy is recognised 
as intentional, the bankruptcy administrator is provided with additional term of 6 months to bring actions 
in court for the invalidation of the transactions which are contrary to the objectives of the insolvent 
company's activities and (or) which could have led to its inability to settle with the creditors. 
Bankruptcy of a natural person 
The bankruptcy of natural persons is governed under the Lithuanian Law on Personal Bankruptcy. In case 
of commencement of bankruptcy proceedings of a natural person, the bankruptcy plan is prepared by the 
debtor, reviewed and opined upon by the bankruptcy administrator, approved by the meeting of creditors 
and submitted to the court for the final approval. The duration of the plan is 3 years, during which the claims 
of the approved creditors are being satisfied in accordance with the terms and timeline indicated in the 
approved bankruptcy plan. 
As of the effect day of a court decision to open personal bankruptcy proceedings, all time limits of debt 
payment by a natural person shall be deemed to have expired. This provision shall become invalid as of the 
effect day of a court decision to discontinue personal bankruptcy proceedings. Where the natural person 
and the collateral holders and/or mortgagees agree to retain the mortgaged property during the natural 
person's bankruptcy proceedings, these natural person's debts, which have given rise to the claims of the 
collateral holders and/or mortgagees, shall not be considered to be due. 
As soon as the last payment is made according to the plan, a bankruptcy administrator must, no later than 
within ten working days of such payment, draw up a certificate of plan implementation. The bankruptcy 
administrator shall, no later than within 5 working days of signing thereof, deliver the certificate to a court 
and a copy thereof to the bankrupt natural person and chairperson of the meeting of creditors. Upon the 
receipt of the aforementioned certificate, a court shall take a decision to close or discontinue personal 
bankruptcy proceedings. A court shall take a decision to close personal bankruptcy proceedings provided 
that at least one of the following conditions is met: (i) all creditors' claims approved by the court are satisfied

--- Page 185 ---
10227697736-v33
- 176 -
70-41032654
 
by a natural person earlier than set in the plan, and a bankruptcy administrator submits to the court 
supporting documents; (ii) a bankruptcy administrator submits to the court documents evidencing that a 
natural person is able and will be able to discharge his liabilities in the future; (iii) all creditors waive their 
claims, and the court decides to accept the waivers. 
Consumer protection 
The Lithuanian Law on Real Estate Related Credit sets out specific legal framework applicable to: (i) 
consumer credit agreements under which implementation of the borrower's duties is secured by mortgages 
on real estate or titles related to real estate; (ii) consumer credit agreements designed for acquisition or 
retention of the title of ownership of the land or other existing real estate or the one being designed; (iii) 
agreements or a group thereof classified as consumer credit agreements based on the content and/or purpose 
of conclusion thereof as defined in items (i) and (ii) above. 
Prior to conclusion of the consumer credit contract, the creditor must provide to a consumer certain specific 
information using the standard consumer credit information form approved by the supervisory authority, 
give certain explanations and assess the consumer's creditworthiness. In assessing the creditworthiness of 
a consumer, the creditor shall take into consideration all the circumstances known to the creditor which 
may have an impact on the consumer's ability to repay the credit under the terms and conditions agreed 
upon in the contract in accordance with the guidelines on creditworthiness assessment approved by the 
supervisory authority. The creditor may enter into a consumer credit contract with the consumer only if the 
creditor is convinced that the consumer is creditworthy as a result of analysing the data constituting the 
basis for the assessment of creditworthiness in aggregate. In the case of a breach of the aforementioned 
requirement, no penalties shall be applicable to the borrower, if the lender assessed the creditworthiness of 
the borrower inadequately through no fault of the borrower. Where the creditor and the consumer agree to 
change the amount of credit drawn down by the consumer or the upper credit limit, the creditor must update 
information regarding the creditworthiness of the consumer and assess the creditworthiness each time 
before such change. 
The consumer credit agreement must include, among others, the following information: (i) type of credit; 
(ii) details of the borrower, lender and credit intermediary (if any); (iii) duration of the credit agreement; 
(iv) total amount of the credit and the conditions applicable to repayment thereof; (v) type, amount, and 
calculation procedure of the interest rate. In cases when the granted credit is subject to a variable interest 
rate, the amount of the margin and the variable part of the interest rate applicable by the lender shall be 
specified; (vi) grounds for changing the interest rate and/or the amount, procedure and terms thereof; (vii) 
conditions for changing the type of the interest rate and/or the amount thereof at the borrower's request (not 
under the terms established in the credit agreement), including the procedure for changing, periods and 
other terms; (viii) the total sum to be paid by the borrower, the total annual percentage rate of the credit 
cost, and all assumptions associated with calculation of this rate; (ix) the amount of the credit premiums, 
the number and payment periodicity thereof, the procedure for distribution of credit premiums covering the 
sums to be paid under the credit agreement; (x) penalties to be paid in case of default and the procedure for 
calculation thereof; etc. 
In case of substantial breaches of the provisions of the credit agreement, except for default in the financial 
obligations under the credit agreement, the margin specified in the credit agreement may be subject to 
increase only to the extent specified in the credit agreement by giving adequate notice to the borrower about 
such an increased margin and only for a duration of the breach of the provisions of the credit agreement. In 
the event of a default in the financial obligations under the credit agreement, the margin specified in the 
credit agreement may not be increased. 
If the credit agreement does not contain all of the mandatory information specified in the laws or if the 
information specified in the credit agreement is misleading and this had a major impact on the borrower's 
decision to conclude the credit agreement, which he/ she would not have concluded under different 
circumstances or he/ she would have had concluded it under different essential conditions, the borrower 
shall repay the loan by paying credit premiums established in the credit agreement, however, he/ she shall 
not be obliged to pay the interest and other costs established in the credit agreement. 
In cases of default in financial obligations, the penalties imposed on the borrower shall not exceed 0.05 per 
cent of the overdue sum for each day of delay (except as otherwise indicated below). In all cases of non-
fulfilment of financial obligations under the credit agreement, default interest shall not be calculated for a

--- Page 186 ---
10227697736-v33
- 177 -
70-41032654
 
period exceeding 180 days. No other penalties and payments shall be imposed on the borrower for failure 
to implement the financial obligations assumed under the credit agreement. 
In the event of termination of the credit agreement or demand for full repayment of the credit prior to the 
expiry of the credit agreement without termination thereof, the borrower may be liable for default interest, 
which may not exceed 0.015 per cent. of the amount due for each day of delay. 
A consumer may withdraw from a consumer credit contract within 14 days from the date of entering into 
the contract, without giving a reason. Upon withdrawal, the consumer must repay the outstanding credit 
and accrued interest no later than within 30 days after submitting a withdrawal application, and the creditor 
is not entitled to any compensation from the consumer other than a compensation for fees for administration 
services paid to the public administration entities. 
The borrower shall be entitled to repay the credit or a part thereof prior to expiry of the validity period of 
the credit agreement. If the borrower exercises this right, the lender shall immediately reduce the total credit 
cost by the amount of interest and other costs for the remaining period of the credit agreement calculated 
from the repayment date of the loan or a part thereof. The lender shall be entitled to a compensation of 
potential losses directly associated with repayment of the credit or a part thereof prior to expiry of the 
validity period of the loan agreement. The compensation shall not exceed 3 per cent. of the amount of the 
credit or a part thereof prior to expiry of the validity period of the credit agreement. The compensation shall 
be calculated under the procedure established by the supervisory authority. The lender shall not be entitled 
to claim compensation specified above when the borrower repays the credit or a part thereof on the date of 
changing the variable interest rate. 
The lender shall be entitled to transfer the rights and obligations under active credit agreements concluded 
with borrowers only to an entity included in the public list of lenders managed by the supervisory authority. 
In accordance with Lithuanian law, in order to assign the claim, the assignor and assignee have to enter into 
the claim assignment agreement. The fact of transfer of the claim may be used against the debtor and third 
parties only after the debtor is informed about the transfer of claim. The debtor shall have an obligation to 
make payments directly to the assignee only if it is duly notified of the assignment thereof. 
The Bank of Lithuania may impose sanctions on the lender for failure to comply with the requirements 
under the Lithuanian Law on Real Estate Related Credit.

--- Page 187 ---
10227697736-v33
- 178 -
70-41032654
 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE QUALIFYING COVER POOL 
The purpose of the statutory requirements of the ECBA is to ensure that the Issuer has sufficient Eligible 
Assets to produce funds to service any payments of interest and principal due and payable on the Covered 
Bonds of each Series outstanding under the Programme. The ECBA (as amended on 17 November 2021) 
provides for more stringent requirements in respect of coverage of covered bonds and requires the Issuer, 
no later than by the end of the transitional period applicable to the Issuer as provided by the ECBA and 
expiring on 8 July 2022, to continuously ensure that  (a) the principal amount of all outstanding covered 
bonds of the same type and the interest payable thereon, the net liabilities arising from derivative 
instruments entered in the cover register, and operating expenses related to a covered bond portfolio, which 
consist of the estimated expenses related to management and administration in the case of liquidation of 
the covered bond portfolio, shall be covered by the cover pool at any time, (b) the nominal value of the 
cover pool shall exceed the liabilities covered by at least five per cent. and (c) in addition to meeting the 
above criteria, if the known redemption value of covered bonds is higher than their nominal value at the 
time of issue, the nominal value of the cover pool covering the covered bonds of the same type shall be at 
least equal to the redemption value of the covered bonds. For a more detailed overview of the requirements 
of the ECBA in relation to the Cover Pool, please see "Overview of Estonian Regulation Regarding Covered 
Bonds" below. 
The Issuer has an obligation under the ECBA to publish certain prescribed information set out in the ECBA 
every quarter on its website relating to, inter alia, (i) the nominal value of outstanding covered bonds and 
of the cover pool; (ii) a list of all covered bonds under that covered bond programme with the International 
Securities Identification Numbers (ISINs), if any; (iii) the maturity structure of the covered bonds and the 
cover pool; (iv) the geographical distribution of the value of cover assets, at least to the accuracy of the 
country, based on the location of the property standing as security for a mortgage credit or commercial 
mortgage credit, and the location of the debtor or issuer in the case of other cover assets; (v) the type of 
property included in the cover pool, the total size and valuation method of the loans included in the cover 
pool; (vi) the distribution of substitute collateral, in terms of its value, between the types specified in 
subsection 20 (1) of the ECBA; (vii) the level of the liquidity buffer and information about the ratio between 
the total liquidity buffer and the payment obligations of the next 180 days; (viii) the percentage of the 
amount of substitute collateral, which has been in default for over 90 days or which the issuer estimates to 
be doubtful, in the Cover Pool; (ix) details in relation to market risk, including interest rate risk and currency 
risk, and credit and liquidity risks; (x) a list of the conditions suspending the maturity of a payment 
obligation; (xi) the amount of the main collateral, mandatory overcollateral and voluntary overcollateral; 
(xii) information about counterparties of derivative contracts; and (xiii) the methodology for calculating the 
ratio between credit and the value of the property standing as security for the credit. Investors should note 
that periodically updated general information in relation to the Cover Pool can be found on the Issuer's 
website at the following address: https://www.luminor.ee/en/investors. Information for the first three 
quarters of a year shall be disclosed within 20 days of the end of the respective quarter. Information about 
the fourth quarter shall be disclosed within two months of the end of the quarter. The disclosed information 
shall be available on the Issuer's website for at least the last five years. The contents of the Issuer’s website 
do not form part of this Base Prospectus and investors should not rely on this website. 
On 19 December 2019, the Issuer was granted an additional authorisation by the ECB to issue covered 
bonds under the ECBA. The additional authorisation is granted for an unspecified term and it enables the 
Issuer to issue any type of covered bonds under the ECBA, i.e. mortgage covered bonds and mixed asset 
covered bonds.

--- Page 188 ---
10227697736-v33
- 179 -
70-41032654
 
The structure of Luminor’s Covered Bond transaction under ECBA is summarised on the following chart: 
 
 
Composition of the Cover Pool 
The composition of the Cover Pool may vary from time to time, but shall always fulfil the requirements of 
ECBA. The Cover Pool includes Mortgage Loans secured by mortgages over Properties located in Estonia, 
Latvia or Lithuania. Information relating to the type of assets (and where relevant, their location) that make 
up the Cover Pool will be provided on a quarterly basis on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.luminor.ee/en/investors. The contents of the Issuer’s website do not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and investors should not rely on this website. 
The Issuer will maintain a level of over-collateralisation such that the nominal value of the Cover Pool 
exceeds the liabilities covered by at least 5 per cent. 
The main eligibility criteria for cover pool assets that the Issuer shall apply to the Cover Pool include (but 
are not limited to): 
 
Private persons' Mortgage Loans; 
 
Residential real estate; 
 
Mortgage Loan and collateral property need to be within the same country; 
 
Mortgage value needs to be at least 110 per cent of the issued credit at the time of origination; 
 
The currency of the Mortgage Loans is only EUR; 
 
The eligible portion of a Mortgage Loan in the Cover Pool is capped at 70 per cent LTV but the 
full amount is allocated to the Cover Pool. In addition, the Issuer aims to reduce the inclusion of 
loans with high LTVs to the Cover Pool (initially the threshold is set at 100 per cent LTV, but this 
may be changed in the future); 
 
Borrower is not overdue at the time of including the loan to Cover Pool; and 
 
Issuer has 1st rank mortgage on property. 
 
The total residential mortgage portfolio increased during 2021 to EUR 4,834 million compared to 
EUR 4,614 million as of year-end 2020 and Weighted Average LTV decreased from 55 per cent. 
to 54 per cent.

--- Page 189 ---
10227697736-v33
- 180 -
70-41032654
 
The following chart shows the Residential Mortgage loans (EUR million) Weighted Average LTV as of 
year- end 2021: 
Residential Mortgage Portfolio1 (millions EUR) and WA LTV as of 31 December 2021 vs 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2019 
 
1  
Gross amounts Q4 2021;  
The Weighted Average (WA) LTV is calculated by weighting each LTV by the respective loan amount, 
and then dividing the sum of the weighted LTVs by the total loan amount. The WA LTV is a standard 
measure of the quality of a pool of mortgages. Below are the charts describing the total Issuer mortgage 
portfolio WA LTV. 
Currently the Issuer includes in the Cover Pool only such mortgage loans which are performing and with 
LTV equal to or below 100 per cent..  
The following chart shows the Residential Mortgage performing loans (millions EUR) as of year-end 2021 
where Weighted Average LTV is equal to or below 100 per cent., which can be considered as the indicative 
maximum Cover Pool. The Performing Residential Mortgage Portfolio increased during 2021 to EUR 4,663 
million compared to 4,323 million as of year-end 2020. 
Residential Mortgage performing loans (millions EUR) with LTV<=100% and WA LTV as of 31 
December 2021 vs 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 
 
2  
based on current internal rules loans with LTV < 100 per cent. and > 70 per cent. are included in the Cover Pool with full 
amount, but only the loan portion up to 70 per cent. LTV is considered eligible for the pool. LTV is calculated dividing loan

--- Page 190 ---
10227697736-v33
- 181 -
70-41032654
 
amount to collateral value allocated to the particular loan. Collateral values are updated regularly, indexed values are also 
taken into consideration 
LTV is calculated dividing loan amount to collateral value allocated to the particular loan. Collateral values 
includes also indexed valuations. Indexation is performed at least annually. If the same collateral covers 
more than one loan, then only part of the collateral value is used to calculate LTV for particular loan. 
For financial instruments, which are in scope of impairment requirements, a forward-looking expected 
credit loss approach is applied and loss allowances for expected credit losses are calculated based on 
information presented in the Issuer's 2021 Annual Report. 
The Cover Pool does not contain asset-backed securities that do not comply with paragraph 1 of Article 80 
of the Guideline (EU) 2015/510 of the European Central Bank of 19 December 2014 on the implementation 
of the Eurosystem monetary policy framework (ECB/2014/60) (recast). These asset-backed securities have 
never been included in the Issuer’s Cover Pool and the Issuer does not intend to include such asset-backed 
securities in its Cover Pool in the future. 
Risk Management of the Cover Pool 
The Issuer is obliged to, at least once every three months, perform stress tests on the Covered Bond portfolio 
to assess the risks and measure whether the value of the Cover Pool, as calculated during the stress test, 
meets the requirements of the ECBA. In addition, the Issuer is obliged to maintain a level of over-
collateralisation such that the nominal value of the Cover Pool exceeds the liabilities covered by at least 5 
per cent. The minister responsible for the area may, by a regulation, establish more detailed requirements 
for the procedure methodology and purpose of stress testing of covered bond portfolios and for covering 
the deficiency found during the stress test. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, such a regulation has not 
yet been adopted by the minister responsible for the area. 
Therefore, the Issuer continues to perform the following stress tests for measuring liquidity risk (180-day 
Liquidity Test), as well evaluating credit risk, property prices and interest rates: 
 
Credit Risk Stress Tests 
 
CPR1 Stress Tests 
 
Credit Quality Stress Tests 
 
Property Prices Fall Stress Test 
 
Interest Rate Stress Tests 
 
Negative shift of rates (short end, long end, parallel shift) 
 
Positives shift of rates (short end, long end, parallel shift).

--- Page 191 ---
10227697736-v33
- 182 -
70-41032654
 
OVERVIEW OF ESTONIAN REGULATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS 
The ECBA was first adopted on 13 February 2019 and came into effect on 1 March 2019. On 17 November 
2021, various amendments introduced into the ECBA were adopted which came into effect on 10 December 
2021. The main purpose of the amendments was to implement the requirements set out by Directive (EU) 
2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 (the "Covered Bond 
Directive") into Estonian law. The most significant changes introduced to the ECBA include, among others: 
- 
introduction of the concept of "covered bond programme" and the requirement for the issuer of 
covered bonds under the ECBA to obtain separate authorisation from the EFSA for its covered 
bond programme in addition to the general activities license for issuing covered bonds; 
- 
amendments to provisions regulating conditions for extending the maturity of the issuer’s payment 
obligation arising from covered bonds; 
- 
amendments to and specification of requirements on the calculation of the cover pool of covered 
bonds and the requirements for conducting stress-testing towards the cover pool; 
- 
additional eligibility criteria for persons that may be appointed as external cover pool monitor by 
the issuer of covered bonds; 
- 
restrictions relating to set-off which are intended to limit the rights of debtors to set off their claims 
against the counterclaim of the issuer of covered bonds that has been registered to form part of the 
cover pool of covered bonds issued under the ECBA; and 
- 
introduction of provisions aimed at the establishment of a pan-Baltic covered bond market, 
including provisions that would expressly allow for credit institutions to assign the claims thereof 
to another credit institution for the purposes of constituting a cover pool of covered bonds and 
allowing ring- fencing of such assigned claims. 
The wording of the ECBA which came into effect on 10 December 2021 envisages a transitional period for 
issuers to bring their activities into compliance with the additional requirements established by the updated 
wording of the ECBA, subject to the following: 
(i) an issuer to whom an additional authorisation for issue of covered bonds was granted under the 
ECBA before entry into force of the wording passed on 17 November 2021 (such as the Issuer) 
do not have to apply for an approval of amendments to a covered bond programme for such 
covered bonds already issued or such covered bonds to be issued in the future the structural terms 
and conditions of which are the same as or substantially similar to those of the covered bonds 
already issued; and  
(ii) an issuer (such as the Issuer) who has issued covered bonds under the ECBA before entry into 
force of the wording passed on 17 November 2021 or who will, in the future, issue covered bonds 
the structural terms and conditions of which are the same as or substantially similar to those of 
the covered bonds issued before the aforementioned wording was passed must, no later than by 8 
July 2022, also bring their activities into compliance with the requirements established by the 
wording of this Act passed on 17 November 2021. 
Therefore, the Issuer must bring its activities into compliance with the additional requirements established 
by the ECBA by 8 July 2022.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has partially implemented the necessary measures to 
comply with the additional requirements imposed by the ECBA and intends to complete the process by 8 
July 2022. 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of the ECBA as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Estonian 
legislative and regulatory framework for covered bonds. Please also refer to the "Risk Factors - Risks 
related to the Covered Bonds". This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date, including the changes

--- Page 192 ---
10227697736-v33
- 183 -
70-41032654
 
envisaged by the draft law described in further detail under "Risk Factors - Risks related to the Covered 
Bonds - Covered Bond Legislation Untested and Subject to Modification". 
General 
The ECBA provides the regulatory regime for the issuing of covered bonds under the laws of Estonia, 
implementing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the issue of 
covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU. 
The ECBA, as amended, regulates the grant of additional authorisations to credit institutions for issue of 
covered bonds, the terms and conditions of issue and coverage of covered bonds, the assignment of claims 
of credit institutions for the purpose of including assigned claims in the cover pool of covered bonds, the 
separation of a covered bond portfolio from the other assets of a credit institution, and state supervision 
over, and responsibility for, covered bonds. 
Under the ECBA, issuers are allowed to issue two types of covered bonds – mortgage-covered bonds and 
mixed pool-covered bonds. The Covered Bonds that the Issuer may issue under this Base Prospectus would 
be mortgage-covered bonds and the Issuer does not plan to issue mixed pool-covered bonds. Therefore, the 
summary below does not describe the requirements of the ECBA in relation to mixed pool-covered bonds. 
The ECBA is based on the "on-balance sheet" model of covered bonds, meaning that the covered bond 
portfolio (including the cover pool, consisting of the cover assets and possibly certain derivative 
instruments, as described in more detail below) remains under the ownership of the issuer and on its balance 
sheet, until the satisfaction of all of the claims under the covered bonds (including in case of a default of 
the issuer). In the event that the issuer is declared bankrupt or upon occurrence of certain other events 
(which have been listed under "Separation of the covered bond portfolio" below), the covered bond 
portfolio will be separated from the issuer. The separated covered bond portfolio will remain under the 
ownership of the issuer (except where the covered bond portfolio is sold for the satisfaction of the claims 
arising from the covered bonds) and will form an independent pool of designated assets by operation of the 
ECBA. Following the separation of the covered bond portfolio, the cover pool and the proceeds received 
from it may be used only to satisfy the claims of the holders of the respective type of covered bonds and of 
the counterparties to the derivative instrument entered in the corresponding cover register and to cover the 
expenses related to the management of the covered bond portfolio. The separated cover pool will not be 
part of the issuer's bankruptcy estate and a moratorium shall not extend to the covered bond portfolio. The 
separation of the covered bond portfolio will not release the issuer from its obligations under the covered 
bonds and the owners of the covered bonds will, following such separation have dual recourse in relation 
to the claims arising from the covered bonds, against the issuer and against the separated cover pool. 
Under the updated wording of the ECBA, an issuer may opt to establish a cover bond programme. A 
covered bond programme allows an issue or a series of issues of covered bonds the structural features and 
terms and conditions of which are the same or substantially similar and which are determined by legislation 
and relevant contractual terms and conditions, in accordance with the decision to approve the covered bond 
programme given to the issuer, subject to the requirements provided for in the ECBA. 
State supervision 
Supervision over the issuance of covered bonds under the ECBA is two-fold and consists of state 
supervision by the EFSA and supervision by an independent cover pool monitor, which is appointed by the 
issuer. 
The EFSA's role in relation to the ECBA consists of supervision over the activities of issuers of covered 
bonds and cover pool administrators. Such supervision includes the issuing of additional authorisations to 
credit institutions for the issuing of covered bonds (which is a prerequisite for a credit institution to issue 
covered bonds under the ECBA) and the revocation of such authorisations, applying to court for the 
appointment of a new cover pool monitor, deciding the separation of the covered bond portfolio from the 
issuer, applying to court for the appointment of a cover pool administrator and for the release of a cover 
pool administrator from its office, approving and refusing transfers of covered bond portfolios in their 
entirety, filing bankruptcy petitions in respect of separated covered bond portfolios and appointing members 
to the bankruptcy committee for covered bond portfolios. 
For the purpose of performing its supervision activities, the EFSA has the right to request reports, 
information, documents and oral or written explanations concerning facts relevant to the exercise of

--- Page 193 ---
10227697736-v33
- 184 -
70-41032654
 
supervision. Furthermore, the EFSA has the right to require, for the purpose of performing supervision 
activities, issuers, cover pool monitors and cover pool administrators to submit all information and 
documents necessary for verification of the compliance of covered bond portfolios with requirements. In 
addition to the above and the rights the EFSA has for carrying out supervision under other laws of Estonia, 
the EFSA has the right to issue precepts to issuers requiring: 
(i) 
the inclusion of cover assets in a cover register; 
(ii) 
the entry of cover assets meeting the conditions provided for in the ECBA in the liquidity 
buffer sub-register; 
(iii) 
the removal of non-compliant cover assets or derivative instruments from the cover 
register; 
(iv) 
the correction of incorrect entries in the cover register; 
(v) 
the reappraisal of a property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit or a 
commercial mortgage-backed credit in accordance with the methodology specified by the 
EFSA; 
(vi) 
the conduct of a stress test of covered bond portfolio in accordance with the methodology 
specified by the EFSA; 
(vii) 
the replacement of a cover pool monitor; 
(viii) 
the provision of information to the cover pool monitor and allowing it to access documents 
and information systems;  
(ix) 
the calculation of the present value of the covered bonds or the cover assets in accordance 
with the methodology specified by the EFSA; and  
(x) 
bringing the internal rules into compliance with law. 
In the event of failure to comply with an administrative act issued in accordance with this ECBA, the EFSA 
has the right to impose penalty payments until the failure to comply is cured. Furthermore, in case of certain 
breaches of the requirements of the ECBA, the EFSA has the right to impose fines in the amount of up to 
EUR1,200 in case of a breach by a natural person and fines in the amount of up to EUR400,000 in case of 
breach by a legal person. 
In addition to the above, in case of certain breaches of the ECBA or a failure by the issuer to duly and 
timely fulfil a precept issued by the EFSA, the EFSA may revoke the issuer's additional authorisation for 
the issuing of covered bonds, which would also result in the separation of the covered bond portfolio. 
Cover pool monitor 
For the performance of the duties provided for in the ECBA, the issuer must appoint an independent cover 
pool monitor. The cover pool monitor must be an auditing company which ensures that the tasks of the 
cover pool monitor are only fulfilled by a sworn auditor with who is trustworthy and has impeccable 
business reputation, adequate knowledge and experience. The cover pool monitor may not be an auditing 
company who audits or has audited the annual reports of the issuer within the year preceding its appointment 
as the cover pool monitor. 
Pursuant to the ECBA, the statutory duties of a monitor are to verify: 
(i) 
the compliance of stress testing of a covered bond portfolio and the changes introduced to 
the covered bond portfolio as a result of stress testing to requirements; 
(ii) 
the existence of a sufficient cover pool and its compliance with requirements; 
(iii) 
the compliance of the maintenance of the cover register with requirements; 
(iv) 
the compliance of the appraisal of immovable properties encumbered with a mortgage 
securing credit and included in the cover pool with requirements;

--- Page 194 ---
10227697736-v33
- 185 -
70-41032654
 
(v) 
the compliance of the issuer's risk management and reporting with requirements;  
(vi) 
the compliance of the terms and conditions of covered bonds with requirements; and  
(vii) 
the existence of an updated plan for separation of the covered bond portfolio and its 
compliance with the ECBA.  
The monitor has the right to determine the scope and duration of the verification on each occasion. The 
monitor may carry out an on-the-spot verification at the place of establishment or place of business of the 
issuer, notifying the issuer at least two business days in advance. The issuer must allow the monitor to 
examine documents and information systems and shall provide the monitor with the information to the 
extent necessary for the performance of the monitor's duties. 
The monitor must inform the issuer of any deficiencies found during verification in a format that can be 
reproduced in writing and shall set a reasonable deadline for elimination of the deficiencies. The monitor 
must notify the EFSA of the deficiencies that are not fully eliminated by the deadline set. The monitor must 
further notify the EFSA, promptly and in a format that can be reproduced in writing, of any circumstances 
or decisions that have come to the knowledge to the monitor and that result or may result in: 
 
a material breach of the legislation regulating the activities of the issuer; 
 
a material breach of the conditions under which the additional authorisation was granted; or 
 
a situation, or the risk of a situation arising, in which the issuer is unable to perform its liabilities 
arising from covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register. 
The monitor must draw up a summary of verification activities that gives an overview of performance of 
its duties, the deficiencies found and the measures taken to eliminate them. The period covered by the 
summary of verification activities must correspond to the issuer's financial year. The summary of 
verification activities is to be submitted to the issuer and the EFSA within three months after the end of the 
issuer's financial year. 
The appointment of the cover pool monitor is decided by issuer's general meeting. A monitor shall be 
appointed for a term of at least one year. The term of office of a monitor shall terminate: 
 
when a cover pool administrator is appointed; 
 
when the covered bond portfolio is declared bankrupt; 
 
when the monitor is removed by the general meeting; 
 
when the monitor resigns of his or her own accord; or 
 
when the monitor's term of appointment ends. 
In the event of the voluntary resignation of the monitor, the monitor must notify the issuer and the EFSA 
thereof at least 30 days in advance. In the event of removal of the monitor by the general meeting, the issuer 
must notify the EFSA about the planned removal 10 days before the relevant resolution is adopted, unless 
prior notification is not possible for good reason. 
A court shall, in the proceedings initiated on the basis of a petition of the EFSA, appoint a new monitor if: 
 
the general meeting of the issuer has not appointed a new monitor or there is reason to believe that 
a new monitor cannot be appointed before the termination of the term of office of the current 
monitor; or 
 
the current monitor does not meet the requirements established by law or there are deficiencies in 
the performance of his or her duties. 
The term of office of a monitor appointed by a court shall continue until the general meeting appoints a 
new monitor.

--- Page 195 ---
10227697736-v33
- 186 -
70-41032654
 
The Issuer has appointed a cover pool monitor in respect of this Programme and entered into a cover pool 
monitor agreement with such cover pool monitor prior to the first issuance of Covered Bonds in compliance 
with the requirements of the ECBA. 
Authorisation 
The ECBA provides that to issue covered bonds, an issuer needs to have a credit institution's authorisation 
(issued in accordance with the Estonian Credit Institutions Act) and an additional authorisation to issue 
covered bonds (issued in accordance with the ECBA). 
The Issuer was granted the additional authorisation to issue covered bonds under the ECBA on 19 
December 2019 by the ECB. 
The additional authorisation is issued for an unspecified term and shall expire: 
 
in the event of expiry of the main credit institution's authorisation – when the main authorisation 
expires; 
 
in the event of voluntary discontinuation of the issuance of covered bonds – when the authorisation 
for the voluntary discontinuation is received from the EFSA; or 
 
in the event of revocation of the additional authorisation – when the additional authorisation is 
revoked. 
In order to apply for the additional authorisation, under the updated wording of the ECBA, members of the 
management board of the issuer must submit to the EFSA a written application and the following 
supplementary documents: 
 
additions to the business plan which the issuer has prepared in accordance with § 132 of the 
Estonian Credit Institutions Act; 
 
information about the information technology and other technological tools and systems, security 
systems, control mechanisms and systems necessary for the issue of covered bonds and the 
administration of covered bond portfolios; 
 
an analysis of the risks associated with the issue of covered bonds and the management of a covered 
bond portfolio; 
 
the plan for separation of the covered bond portfolio specified in § 9(2) of the ECBA (which must 
describe the process of separation of the covered bond portfolios, along with the following: 
1) descriptions and locations of the documents and data, information technology and other 
technological tools and systems necessary for the administration of a covered bond portfolio; 2) a 
list of the employees necessary for the administration of a covered bond portfolio and a description 
of their duties; 3) the procedure for post-separation administration of a covered bond portfolio; 4) a 
substantiated forecast of the amount of the costs of management and administration of a separated 
covered bond portfolio during the first year); 
 
the internal rules specified in § 10 of the ECBA (which must determine the following: 1) the 
procedure for operation of the information technology and other tools and systems and the relevant 
control mechanisms necessary for the issue of covered bonds and the administration of covered 
bond portfolios; 2) the procedure for identification and resolution of security incidents related to 
the issuance of covered bonds and the administration of covered bond portfolios, and for the 
implementation of measures with regard thereto; 3) the procedure for the issue of covered bonds 
and the administration of covered bond portfolios, including the procedure for maintaining the 
cover register, preservation of the register data and entry of assets in and deletion of assets from 
the cover register; 4) the procedure and methodology for stress testing of covered bond portfolios; 
5) the procedure and methodology for valuation and revaluation of properties standing as security 
for a mortgage credit specified in § 25(1) of the ECBA, housing construction credit specified in § 
30(1)2), and commercial mortgage credit specified in §30(1)3) of the ECBA; 6) the procedure for 
and frequency of updating the plan for separation of covered bond portfolios; 7) the procedure and 
methodology for calculating the present value of covered bonds and the cover pool);

--- Page 196 ---
10227697736-v33
- 187 -
70-41032654
 
 
data of the applicant's cover pool monitor, including the monitor's name, residence or seat, personal 
identification code or, in the absence thereof, date of birth or registry code, and the written consent 
to act as the monitor;  
 
the monitor's client contract or a draft thereof; and 
 
data of the applicant’s management and employees related to the management of a covered bond 
portfolio which confirm sufficient qualifications and knowledge of the person for issue of covered 
bonds and management of the covered bond portfolio. 
In order to obtain approval for a covered bond programme, under the updated wording of the ECBA, 
members of the management board of the issuer must submit to the EFSA a written application and the 
supplementary documents described above, subject to the specifications provided for in the ECBA. A 
decision to approve a covered bond programme shall be made by the Financial Supervision Authority along 
with the decision to grant an additional authorisation. 
If, during the processing of an application, amendments are made to the information or documents listed 
above, the applicant shall submit the relevant updated information or documents to the EFSA immediately 
after the amendments are made or become known to the applicant. 
If it follows from the risk analysis listed above or from other circumstances that in order to issue covered 
bonds, in addition to the amendments provided for in the ECBA, additional amendments must be made in 
the organisational structure of the credit institution or in the internal rules specified in the Estonian Credit 
Institutions Act and in other documents regulating the activities of the credit institution, the applicant must 
submit information on such amendments with the application. 
The EFSA shall make a decision to grant or refuse to grant the additional authorisation within three months 
after receipt of all the necessary documents and information that meet requirements, but not later than 
within six months after receipt of the application for the additional authorisation. 
The EFSA shall refuse to grant the additional authorisation to an applicant if: 
 
the applicant does not meet the requirements for credit institutions or requirements for the public 
offering or trading of securities provided for in the Credit Institutions Act or in other legislation or 
has repeatedly or materially breached these requirements during the last 5 years; 
 
the applicant does not have the capacity to ensure the existence of sufficient internal capital for the 
purposes of the of the Credit Institutions Act to cover all risks arising from the activities described 
in the additions to the business plan that are not subject to the requirements for self-funding; 
 
the applicant does not meet the requirements for issuers provided for in ECBA or legislation issued 
on the basis thereof; 
 
the applicant does not have the necessary resources and experience for issuance of covered bonds 
and administration of a covered bond portfolio; 
 
the internal rules of the applicant are not sufficiently precise or unambiguous to regulate the 
activities of an issuer of covered bonds; or 
 
the applicant's monitor does not meet the requirements provided for in the ECBA or legislation 
issued on the basis thereof. 
Upon deciding whether to grant or refuse to grant the additional authorisation, the EFSA shall consider the 
following: 
 
the level of the organisational and technical administration of the applicant's activities; 
 
the professional preparation and experience of persons involved in the management of the covered 
bond portfolio, and the clarity of their rights, obligations and responsibilities; and 
 
the activities, financial position and reputation of the applicant, its shareholder and persons 
belonging to the same consolidation group as the applicant.

--- Page 197 ---
10227697736-v33
- 188 -
70-41032654
 
The EFSA may revoke the additional authorisation if: 
 
it has become evident that, when applying for the additional authorisation, the applicant submitted 
misleading or false information or documents to the EFSA; 
 
the issuer does not meet the requirements in force with regard to the grant of additional 
authorisations; 
 
the issuer has repeatedly or materially breached the provisions of the ECBA; 
 
the issuer has, by its activities, prevented the EFSA from exercising supervision under the ECBA; 
 
the issuer is unable to meet the liabilities it has assumed in connection with covered bonds or, for 
any other reason, its activities significantly impair the interests of investors or other clients or 
adversely affect the regular functioning of the securities market; 
 
the issuer has failed to comply with a precept of the EFSA within the term or in the manner 
prescribed; or 
 
the issuer has not issued any new covered bonds within five years after the receipt of the additional 
authorisation or after the redemption of all previously issued covered bonds. 
Cover register 
Under the ECBA, the issuer is obliged to maintain a cover register, that contains information on the cover 
assets securing the covered bonds. The cover assets entered in the cover register for the same type of 
covered bonds constitute a cover pool. One and the same type of covered bonds, their cover pool, and the 
derivative instruments entered in the cover register constitute a covered bond portfolio. The cover register 
consists of the main register and sub-registers. In addition to the cases provided by the ECBA, a sub-register 
must be created in order to ensure that the cover pool and derivative instruments related to a specific covered 
bond portfolio will be properly recorded. When creating sub-registers, the issuer must take into account the 
size of the covered bond portfolio, the complexity of its structure and other relevant indicators. 
Under the updated wording of the ECBA, information published about the entry of a claim securing covered 
bonds in the cover register shall include at least: 
 
 the name and registry code of the issuer of the covered bonds; 
 
 information that enables the identification of the claim entered in the cover register as a cover 
asset of the covered bonds without publishing the data of single debtors and the third parties 
concerned; and 
 
 information about how the entry of the claim in the cover register as a cover asset of the covered 
bonds affects the rights and obligations of the debtors and the third parties concerned. 
The entry of a claim serving as coverage for covered bonds in the cover register or its deletion from the 
cover register does not require the consent of the debtor or the third party concerned and the issuer generally 
does not have an obligation to inform the debtor or the third party concerned of the entry of the claim in the 
cover register. However, under the updated wording of the ECBA, the issuer shall incur an obligation to 
notify the debtor of entry of a claim in the cover register if the issuer estimates that it is objectively likely 
that the separation of a covered bond portfolio will take place. In this case, the issuer notifies the debtor of 
entry of the claim in the cover register before the separation of the covered bond portfolio. If it is mandatory 
to notify the debtor of entry of a claim securing covered bonds in the cover register, the issuer shall publish 
the information on its website and also in the Estonian Official Gazette (in Estonian: Ametlikud 
Teadaanded) or in at least one daily national newspaper. Additionally, such information must be published, 
in addition to Estonia, in other EEA countries where the immovable property securing a mortgage credit is 
located or where the debtor of the claim is registered.  The debtor of a claim and the counterparty to a 
derivative instrument entered in the cover register may at any time, and an interested party may in a justified 
case, request information as to whether the claim or derivative instrument that is related thereto has been 
entered in the cover register. The obligation to provide the information lies with the issuer, the cover pool 
administrator and the bankruptcy trustee for the covered bond portfolio.

--- Page 198 ---
10227697736-v33
- 189 -
70-41032654
 
Eligible cover pool assets 
Under the ECBA, cover assets consist of primary cover assets and substitute cover assets (the "Eligible 
Assets"). Primary cover assets must constitute at least 85 per cent. of the principal cover pool of a covered 
bond portfolio. Regarding the requirements of the ECBA for substitute cover assets, please see "Substitute 
cover assets" below. 
In accordance with the ECBA, primary cover assets of mortgage-covered bonds may only consist of the 
issuer's claims that arise from a credit issued to a natural person against a mortgage established on a 
residential property located in the territory of a Contracting State of the EEA Agreement which comply 
with the conditions provided for in the ECBA. 
For the purposes of the ECBA, a residential property is property referred to in Article 4 (1) (75) of 
Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council. 
Claims arising from a mortgage-backed credit issued to a natural person against a residential property 
located in the territory of a Contracting State of the EEA Agreement other than Estonia may be used as 
coverage for mortgage-covered bonds only if the mortgage securing the mortgage-backed credit or other 
right of security provide the creditor with protection that is equivalent to the protection provided by a 
mortgage established under Estonian legislation. It is assumed that cover assets meeting the conditions laid 
down in Article 208 (2) of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
provide the creditor with protection that is equivalent to the protection provided by a mortgage established 
under Estonian legislation. 
The following may not be entered into the cover register: 
 
a mortgage-backed credit which is in default at the time that the credit is entered in the cover 
register. 
 
a mortgage-backed credit in the case of which the issuer's claim arising from the credit or the 
mortgage securing the claim is encumbered, or in the case of which the issuer's claim arising from 
the credit, the mortgage securing the claim or the property on which the mortgage has been 
established is subject to a restraint on disposition. 
Pursuant to the ECBA (as amended), if the recipient of a mortgage credit defaults on its obligations after 
the credit has been entered in the cover register, the following portion of the credit that has fallen into 
default may be taken into account upon calculation of the value of the cover pool: 
 
100 per cent of the value of the credit entered in the cover register if the credit has been in default 
for less than 90 days; 
 
70 per cent of the value of the credit entered in the cover register if the credit has been in default 
for at least 90 days and the ratio of the credit to the value of the property securing the mortgage 
credit is less than 50 per cent; 
 
 40 per cent of the value of the credit entered in the cover register if the credit has been in default 
for at least 90 days and the ratio of the credit to the value of the property securing the mortgage 
credit is more than 50 per cent; or 
 
 0 per cent of the value of the credit entered in the cover register if the credit has been in delay for 
at least 180 days. 
The valuation of the property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover register 
which is located in Estonia must be done by a valuator meeting the requirements provided for in the 
Estonian Creditors and Credit Intermediaries Act in compliance with the requirements provided for in the 
Estonian Creditors and Credit Intermediaries Act. The valuation of the property standing as security for a 
mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover register which is located in the territory of a Contracting State 
of the EEA Agreement other than Estonia must be done by a valuator who holds a relevant professional 
qualification in the relevant Contracting State of the EEA Agreement, in accordance with the legislation, 
relevant standards and good practices in force in the relevant Contracting State of the EEA Agreement and 
the following conditions are met:

--- Page 199 ---
10227697736-v33
- 190 -
70-41032654
 
 
the methodology and rules of procedure applied ensured an objective and impartial valuation; and 
 
the valuation or the result thereof was documented in a format that can be reproduced in writing 
and in such a way as to enable the identification of, inter alia, the identity of the valuator or the 
issuer’s structural unit conducting the valuation, the methodology and rules of procedure applied 
in the valuation, and the source data used for making the valuation. 
Where the mortgage established on an immovable property secures claims arising from different credit 
agreements, the claims arising from these credits may serve as coverage for mortgage-covered bonds only 
if the credit has been issued to one and the same person under the credit agreements and all the credits have 
been issued in the same currency. In this case, when calculating the ratio of credit to value of the property 
securing the mortgage-backed credit, the claims arising from all credit agreements shall be deemed to be 
claims arising from one credit agreement and the claims shall be added together. 
The claims of the issuer arising from a mortgage-backed credit may be used as coverage for mortgage-
covered bonds in an amount of up to 70 per cent. of the value of the property securing the mortgage-backed 
credit. Nevertheless, all the issuer's claims arising from the mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover 
register are included in the cover pool. 
To include a claim of the issuer arising from a mortgage-backed credit as coverage for mortgage-covered 
bonds, the mortgage securing the claim must account to (i.e. the sum of the mortgage must be) at least 110 
per cent. of the issued credit. The sum of mortgage may exceed the value of the property securing the credit. 
Under the ECBA, a property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit and entered in the cover 
register must, until the recipient of the credit has met all the obligations owed to the issuer, be insured under 
the terms and conditions normally used to insure similar properties in the Contracting State of the EEA 
Agreement in such a way as to ensure that all relevant risks are insured. As an exception, an undeveloped 
residential property does not need to be insured. If the property is a residential building, apartment building 
or apartment under construction, the insurance obligation arises at the moment when the building being 
constructed becomes a construction with an interior space that is separated from the external environment 
by a roof and other parts of the building envelope. In the absence of an insurance agreement meeting the 
conditions described above, the issuer must remove the claims arising from the mortgage-backed credit 
from the cover register unless an insurance agreement meeting the described requirements is entered within 
30 business days from the moment the issuer became aware of the absence of the insurance agreement. A 
mortgage-backed credit may be included in the cover register only if the market value of the property 
standing as security for the credit has been appraised by an appraiser meeting the requirements provided 
for in section the Creditors and Credit Intermediaries Act, in accordance with the requirements laid down 
and the regulation adopted under the said act. 
The value of a property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover register must 
be reviewed at least once a year and reappraised, if necessary. Furthermore, under the updated wording of 
the ECBA, the value of a property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover 
register shall be additionally reviewed and reappraised, if necessary: 
(i) 
in the event of a significant change in market conditions;  
(ii) 
if the information available to the issuer indicates that a significant decline has occurred 
or is occurring in the national or local real estate market, including if it concerns only one 
specific property type, residential building type or other narrower category of properties; 
(iii) 
in the event that more frequent review of the value of a property standing as security for a 
mortgage credit entered in the cover register has been prescribed in the terms and 
conditions of covered bonds; 
(iv) 
in the event that this is demanded by the EFSA; or 
(v) 
in the event that this is demanded by the cover pool monitor or the cover pool administrator 
and there is reasonable doubt that the issuer has not performed its obligation to ensure that 
the value of a property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit entered in the 
cover register is reviewed at least once a year and reappraised, if necessary or the issuer 
has not performed its obligations in subsections (i)-(iii) above.

--- Page 200 ---
10227697736-v33
- 191 -
70-41032654
 
In the cases listed in subsections (i) and (ii) above, the value of a property standing as security for a 
mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover register may be reappraised by indexed appraisal. When 
entering a mortgage-backed credit in the cover register, the value of a property standing as security is 
determined on the basis of the latest appraisal or reappraisal, which may not be older than 12 months. 
Under the ECBA, the issuer is obliged to perform a stress test on a covered bond at least once every three 
months, to assess the risks identified in the methodology for stress tests of the covered bond portfolio in the 
Issuer's relevant internal rules. Ensuring the performance of stress tests shall be the responsibility of the 
managers of the Issuer. The minister responsible for the area may, by a regulation, establish more detailed 
requirements for the procedure methodology and purpose of stress testing of covered bond portfolios and 
for covering the deficiency found during the stress test. However, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
such a regulation has not yet been adopted by the minister responsible for the area. 
If the value of the Cover Pool, as calculated during the stress test, no longer meets the requirements provided 
for in the ECBA, the issuer shall be obliged to increase the cover assets to be entered in the cover register 
by the maximum deficiency determined as a result of the stress test. 
Requirements relating to liquidity 
In order to ensure the liquidity of the covered bond portfolio where there is a separation of the covered bond 
portfolio from the issuer, the issuer must maintain a liquidity buffer. The liquidity buffer is a part of the 
cover pool and is considered in the calculation of the principal cover pool and the mandatory 
complementary cover pool. The liquidity buffer must be entered in a separate sub-register of the cover 
register. 
Under the updated wording of the ECBA, the liquidity buffer may comprise only the following cover assets: 
 
level 1 and level 2A assets specified in Articles 10 and 11 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) No. 2015/61 supplementing Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council with regard to liquidity coverage requirement for credit institutions, except the 
issuer's own covered bonds; or 
 
short-term exposures and short-term deposits meeting the characteristics specified in Article 
129(1)(c) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
provided that they do not constitute more than 15 per cent of the sum of the main collateral and the 
mandatory overcollateral; or 
 
short-term exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2, or short-term 
deposits to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 2 or 3, in accordance with the 
provisions of point (c) of Article 129(1) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013. 
A cover asset included in the liquidity buffer must meet the following conditions: 
 
it shall not be in default or, in the estimation of the credit institution, doubtful; 
 
in the case of a deposit, it shall be ensured that the funds deposited will be fully available without 
delay upon the separation of the covered bond portfolio; and 
 
securities shall be kept in a separate securities account of the issuer or in a manner allowing the 
securities included in the liquidity buffer to be kept unblocked in case of bankruptcy of the issuer. 
To calculate the minimum level of the liquidity buffer, the difference between the payments to be made in 
order to meet all the liabilities arising from the covered bonds and derivative instruments entered in the 
cover register, on the one hand, and the cash flow to be received from the cover pool, on the other hand, 
shall be calculated on a daily basis for each of the following 180 days (hereinafter referred to as the daily 
difference). Thereafter the sum of the accumulated daily differences shall be calculated for each of the 
following 180 days, and the highest negative result shall be covered at all times by cover assets eligible to 
be included in the liquidity buffer. Amounts received on the basis of derivative contracts shall not be taken 
into account upon calculating the daily difference if the amounts arise from the financial assets pledged by 
the counterparty of the derivative contract for the benefit of the issuer of covered bonds.

--- Page 201 ---
10227697736-v33
- 192 -
70-41032654
 
If the Issuer has, in compliance with the ECBA, established a suspensive condition in the terms and 
conditions of covered bonds, the fulfilment of which will extend the maturity of the payment obligation 
arising from a covered bond, the maturity to be observed upon the fulfilment of the suspensive condition 
may be used as the basis for the purpose of the calculation of the minimum level of the liquidity buffer for 
that payment obligation. 
Notwithstanding the above, the liquidity buffer shall account for at least two per cent of the nominal value 
of the Cover Pool. 
Substitute cover assets 
In addition to the primary cover assets, under the updated wording of the ECBA, the following cover assets 
may be included in a cover pool as substitute cover assets: 
(i) 
claims on, or guaranteed by, central banks within the European System of Central Banks, 
or central governments, public sector entities, regional governments or local authorities of 
the Member States of the European Union; 
(ii) 
claims on or guaranteed by third-country central governments and central banks, 
multilateral development banks and international organisations that qualify for credit 
quality step 1 in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council; 
(iii) 
claims on, or guaranteed by, public sector entities of third countries, regional governments 
of third countries or local authorities of third countries, for which a risk weight has been 
assigned the same way as for claims on credit institutions and investment firms or central 
governments and central banks in accordance with Article 115 (1) or (2) and Article 116 
(1), (2) or (4) of Regulation (EC) No. 575/2013 (EU) of the European Parliament and of 
the Council and which qualify for the credit quality step 1 according to the risk weight so 
assigned; 
(iv) 
claims specified in items (ii) and (iii) above, which qualify for at least the credit quality 
step 2 in accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council, provided that such claims do not exceed 20 per cent. of the nominal value 
of the outstanding covered bonds in the covered bond portfolio that they cover; 
(v) 
claims on credit institutions and investment firms, which qualify for the credit quality step 
1 in accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council, provided that such claims do not exceed 15 per cent. of the nominal value of 
the outstanding covered bonds in the covered bond portfolio that they cover; 
(vi) 
claims on credit institutions and investment firms, which qualify for credit quality step 2 
in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council, provided that they do not exceed ten per cent of the nominal value of the 
outstanding covered bonds in the covered bond portfolio that they cover;  
(vii) 
claims on credit institutions and investment firms in the European Union with a term to 
maturity not exceeding 100 days, which qualify as a minimum for credit quality step 3 in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council, provided that they do not exceed eight per cent of the nominal value of the 
outstanding covered bonds in the covered bond portfolio that they cover and provided that 
the requirements provided for in subsection (iii) above are observed; 
(viii) 
the surplus of net claims arising from the derivative instruments included in a covered 
bond portfolio that meet the requirements provided for in the ECBA; or 
(ix) 
the surplus of net claims arising from the derivative instruments included in a covered 
bond portfolio which qualify as a minimum for credit quality step 3 in accordance with 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council, provided 
that they do not exceed eight per cent of the nominal value of the outstanding covered 
bonds in the covered bond portfolio that they cover and provided that the requirements 
provided for in subsection (iii) above are observed.

--- Page 202 ---
10227697736-v33
- 193 -
70-41032654
 
Derivatives 
In order to hedge risks arising from covered bonds, under the updated wording of the ECBA, an issuer has 
the right to use derivative instruments and to enter them in the cover register, provided that all of the 
following conditions are met: 
(i) 
the derivative instrument transaction has been made on the basis of a framework 
agreement that is usual for this sector, is sufficiently documented and only allows set-off 
for claims arising from derivative instruments entered in the cover register;; 
(ii) 
the counterparty to the transaction is a person who meets the eligibility requirements of 
the regulation established by a regulation of the minister responsible for the area; 
(iii) 
the terms and conditions of the framework agreement or transaction ensure that, in the 
event of the issuer's insolvency, if it does not lead to the insolvency of the covered bond 
portfolio related to the particular derivative instrument, the counterparty to the transaction 
is not entitled to prematurely terminate the transaction or framework agreement; 
(iv) 
the sole purpose of the transaction is to hedge the issuer's risks arising from the specific 
type of covered bonds;  
(v) 
the counterparty to the transaction has given consent to the inclusion of the derivative 
instrument in the cover register (whereas such consent is presumed if a framework 
agreement between the parties provides or if the issuer has otherwise informed the 
counterparty to the derivative instrument that the framework agreement is concluded for 
the purpose of hedging the risks arising from the specific covered bond portfolio); 
(vi) 
the derivative instrument transactions are not subject to the clearing obligation in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories;  
(vii) 
the cover pool of covered bonds is not used as a cover asset for securing obligations arising 
from a derivative instrument contract; and 
(viii) 
if the creditworthiness of the counterparty to a derivative instrument transaction has fallen 
to a significant extent, the counterparty to the transaction shall provide, pursuant to the 
derivative contract, an additional collateral or the issuer shall arrange replacement of the 
counterparty to the transaction. 
The issuer shall reduce the volume of derivative contracts in the cover pool in proportion to the reduction 
in the hedged risk and remove derivative contracts from the cover register in their entirety when the hedged 
risk ceases to exist 
In the event that the issuer has the right to require the counterparty to a derivative instrument to provide a 
security on the basis of a claim arising from the derivative instrument, the security shall be comprised of 
claims that qualify as substitute cover assets (please see "Substitute cover assets" above) and shall be 
entered in a separate sub-register of the cover register. 
In the event that the cash flow to be received by the issuer from a derivative instrument entered in the cover 
register exceeds the payments to be made to meet the liabilities arising from the derivative instrument and 
if an extraordinary termination of the transaction results in a positive cash flow for the issuer, the lower of 
the following amounts shall be treated as the net claim: 
 
the positive cash flow resulting for the issuer from the extraordinary termination of the transaction; 
or 
 
the cash flow to be received by the issuer from the derivative instrument, less the payments to be 
made to meet the liabilities arising from the derivative instrument. 
In event that the payments to be made to meet the issuer's liabilities arising from a derivative instrument 
entered in the cover register exceed the cash flow to be received from the derivative instrument or an

--- Page 203 ---
10227697736-v33
- 194 -
70-41032654
 
extraordinary termination of the transaction results in a negative cash flow for the issuer, the lower of the 
following amounts shall be treated as the net liability: 
 
the negative cash flow resulting for the issuer from the extraordinary termination of the transaction; 
or 
 
the payments to be made to meet the liabilities arising from the derivative instrument, less the cash 
flow to be received by the issuer from the derivative instrument. 
The issuer shall subtract the net liabilities from the net claims arising from the derivative instruments 
included in a covered bond portfolio and, depending on the result, shall treat the negative result as the 
surplus of net liabilities and the positive result as the surplus of net claims. 
Separation of the covered bond portfolio 
The ECBA prescribes that upon the occurrence of the following events, the covered bond portfolio shall be 
considered separated from the issuer: 
 
the issuer is declared bankrupt; 
 
a moratorium is declared in respect of the issuer; 
 
the additional authorisation or main authorisation of the issuer expires; 
 
a court ruling providing for compulsory dissolution of the issuer takes effect; 
 
the authorisation for voluntary dissolution of the credit institution or discontinuation of the issue 
of covered bonds is received from the EFSA; or 
 
a decision of the EFSA for the separation of the covered bond portfolio takes effect. 
The EFSA may resolve the separation of a covered bond portfolio prior to the occurrence of an event 
specified above, if: 
 
the issuer is breaching or is likely to materially breach the requirements of the EFSA or other 
legislation regarding the activities of a credit institution in the near future; or 
 
the issuer is likely to become insolvent in the near future. 
After the separation of the covered bond portfolio, an independent pool of designated assets is formed, in 
which the cover pool and the proceeds received from it can be used only to satisfy the claims of the holders 
of the respective type of covered bonds and of the counterparties to the derivative instrument entered in the 
corresponding cover register and to cover the expenses related to the management of the covered bond 
portfolio. Upon the separation of the covered bond portfolio: 
 
the right to manage the covered bond portfolios and the right to participate, instead of the issuer, 
in court proceedings concerning a covered bond portfolio shall transfer to the cover pool 
administrator; and 
 
the issuer shall lose the right to undertake any transactions with the assets included in a covered 
bond portfolio. 
The separation of a covered bond portfolio does not affect the rights and obligations arising from covered 
bonds or from the derivative instruments and the cover pool entered in the cover register, and the payment 
obligations attached to covered bonds are not subject to automatic acceleration upon the separation of the 
covered bond portfolio, except as otherwise provided by the ECBA. The claims of the holders of covered 
bonds and of the counterparties to the derivative instruments entered in the cover register shall be satisfied 
at the expense of the cover pool and proceeds received from it, in accordance with the terms and conditions 
of the covered bonds and derivative instruments.

--- Page 204 ---
10227697736-v33
- 195 -
70-41032654
 
Appointment of cover pool administrator 
In the event that: (i) the issuer is declared bankrupt; (ii) the covered bond portfolio is separated; (iii) the 
compulsory dissolution of an issuer is decided by a court; (iv) the EFSA revokes the issuer's credit 
institution's authorisation or the additional authorisation for issuing covered bonds; (v) the EFSA authorises 
the voluntary dissolution of the issuer as a credit institution or voluntary discontinuation of the issuance of 
covered bonds by the issuer; or (vi) the EFSA establishes a moratorium over the issuer, the court shall, on 
the proposal of the EFSA, appoint a cover pool administrator in respect of the covered bond portfolios in 
the ruling on bankruptcy, the ruling on the separation of the covered bond portfolio or the ruling on the 
compulsory dissolution. The court shall appoint a cover pool administrator without delay, but not later than 
within three days after receipt of the petition from the EFSA (other than where the issuer is declared 
bankrupt or the compulsory dissolution of an issuer is decided by a court, in which case the cover pool 
administrator is appointed immediately upon the making of the court ruling to declare the issuer bankrupt 
or decide on its compulsory dissolution. 
Where urgent transactions need to be made to manage the covered bond portfolio, until the cover pool 
administrator is appointed, the administrator's rights and obligations are carried out by the cover pool 
monitor (other than in case the issuer is declared bankrupt or the compulsory dissolution of an issuer is 
decided by a court, in which case the cover pool administrator is appointed immediately upon the making 
of the court ruling to declare the issuer bankrupt or decide on its compulsory dissolution). 
In the event of the appointment of a cover pool administrator, the right to manage and dispose of a covered 
bond portfolio shall transfer to such cover pool administrator. The cover pool administrator shall represent 
the issuer in the management and disposal of covered bond portfolios, including meeting the liabilities 
arising from covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register, in the 
acceptance of satisfaction of claims included in the cover pool, in the enforcement of mortgages and other 
rights of security, and in legal disputes. 
The cover pool administrator must manage covered bond portfolio with the necessary diligence, considering 
its nature, and in a manner ensuring that the liabilities arising from covered bonds and from the derivative 
instruments entered in the cover register are met in the best possible way. To this end, the cover pool 
administrator has the right to transfer and encumber the cover pool, enter into derivative instruments at the 
expense of the cover pool, and perform other necessary operations. The cover pool administrator has the 
right to use the cover pool and the proceeds received from it to cover the expenses necessary for the 
management of covered bond portfolios. 
Upon his or her appointment, the cover pool administrator shall promptly, but not later than within two 
weeks, ascertain whether the cover pool and proceeds received from it are sufficient to meet the issuer's 
liabilities arising from covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register and 
to pay the expenses of management of the covered bond portfolio. In the event that the covered bond 
portfolio appears to be insolvent, the cover pool administrator shall promptly notify the EFSA thereof. 
In order to perform his or her duties, the cover pool administrator may use the assistance of the issuer's 
employees and the issuer's tools, compensating the issuer for the expenses entailed by their use. The issuer 
shall deliver the contracts and other documents related to covered bonds and the cover pool to the cover 
pool administrator and shall provide the cover pool administrator with access to the information systems 
used for the management of covered bond portfolios. 
In the management of covered bond portfolios, the cover pool administrator must observe the mandatory 
requirements concerning the management of covered bond portfolios and the satisfaction of claims, as 
established for issuers by the Credit Institutions Act and the ECBA, including the requirements for banking 
secrecy and for processing of personal data imposed on credit institutions. 
Assignment and acquisition of claims for formation of cover pool 
Under the updated ECBA, a credit institution shall have the right to assign its claim against a debtor for the 
formation of the cover pool of covered bonds to a credit institution of an EEA country or to a special 
purpose entity located in an EEA country that has been established for the formation of the cover pool of 
covered bonds. The provisions of the Estonian Law of Obligations Act shall apply to the assignment of a 
claim, transfer of a collateral and an accessory obligation related to a collateral securing a claim with the 
specifications provided for in the ECBA.

--- Page 205 ---
10227697736-v33
- 196 -
70-41032654
 
Assignment of a claim for the purpose of forming the cover pool of covered bonds shall not require the 
consent of the debtor. If the debtor performs their obligation to the credit institution that assigned the claim, 
the credit institution that assigned the claim shall ensure that the proceeds received as a result of the 
performance of the obligation are separated from the other assets of the credit institution that assigned the 
claim and immediately deliver the proceeds received as a result of the performance of the obligation to the 
new creditor. 
The assets delivered to the new creditor as described above shall not be part of the assets of the credit 
institution that assigned the claim in the bankruptcy proceedings, liquidation proceedings, enforcement 
proceedings or resolution proceedings of the credit institution that assigned the claim and a moratorium 
shall not extend to them. If the credit institution that assigned the claim has not delivered to the new creditor 
the proceeds received as a result of the performance of the obligation as described above before the 
declaration of bankruptcy or a moratorium, entry into force of a court ruling providing for compulsory 
dissolution, adoption of a decision on voluntary dissolution, introduction of resolution tools or 
commencement of enforcement proceedings in respect of the credit institution, such assets shall not be part 
of the assets of the credit institution that assigned the claim in its bankruptcy proceedings, liquidation 
proceedings, resolution proceedings or enforcement proceedings and a moratorium shall not extend to them. 
The credit institution that assigned the claim is required to notify the debtor of the assignment of the claim. 
The debtor may be notified of the assignment of a claim, publishing the information on the website of the 
credit institution that assigned the claim and on the website of the credit institution or the special purpose 
entity that acquired the claim or in at least one daily national newspaper. The debtor may be notified of the 
assignment of a claim before or after the assignment of the claim, but this must be done no later than before 
the declaration of bankruptcy or a moratorium, introduction of resolution tools, entry into force of a court 
ruling providing for compulsory dissolution or adoption of a decision on voluntary dissolution in respect 
of the credit institution that assigned the claim. 
Information published about the assignment of a claim for the purpose of forming the cover pool of covered 
bonds shall include: 
 
the name and registry code of the person who acquired the claim; 
 
the name of the credit institution that assigned the claim; 
 
information that enables the identification of assigned claims without publishing the data of single 
debtors and the third parties concerned; and 
 
information about how the assignment of the claim affects the rights and obligations of the debtors 
and the third parties concerned. 
The credit institution that assigned a claim must also simultaneously submit the information specified in 
above to the Financial Supervision Authority. The Financial Supervision Authority may publish the 
submitted information on its website. 
After the assignment of a claim to a new creditor, a debtor, who is a consumer, or a third party concerned 
shall have all the rights arising from the laws and regulations governing consumer protection in their home 
country, taking into account the specifications provided for in the ECBA. 
If a credit institution assigns a claim for the purpose of forming the cover pool, the right to exercise in 
respect of the claim the rights arising from a present or future enforcement instrument shall transfer to the 
acquirer of the claim: 
 
as of the assignment of the claim assigned for the purpose of forming the cover pool if no entry 
must be made in a public register for the transfer of the collateral securing the claim assigned for 
the purpose of forming the cover pool; or 
 
after an entry has been made in a public register if an entry must be made in a public register for 
the transfer of the collateral securing the claim assigned for the purpose of forming the cover pool. 
Additionally, a debtor or a third party concerned shall not set off their claims related to the cover pool, 
which have not fallen due before the events provided for in the ECBA, as of the time when the debtor or 
the third party concerned became or had to become aware of:

--- Page 206 ---
10227697736-v33
- 197 -
70-41032654
 
 
the entry of a claim serving as a cover asset of a covered bond in the cover register; or 
 
the assignment of a claim to a new creditor for the purpose of forming the cover pool of covered 
bonds as described above if the claim assigned for the purpose of forming the cover pool of 
covered bonds has been included in the cover pool of covered bonds by the new creditor. 
Enforcement proceedings concerning cover pools 
A cover pool can be made subject to a claim for payment, seized or be made subject to a restraint on 
disposition only for the purpose of performance of the obligations that arise from covered bonds and from 
derivative instruments related to covered bonds. Under the updated wording of the ECBA, a claim assigned 
by a credit institution to a new creditor for the purpose of forming the cover pool can only be made subject 
to a claim for payment, seized or be made subject to a restraint on disposition if the claim has not been 
included in the cover pool of covered bonds by the new creditor. A claim for payment, seizure or restraint 
on disposition can be imposed only on the cover pool as a whole and only for the amount of the claim raised 
by a creditor of the covered bond portfolio. The issuer or the cover pool administrator shall keep accounts 
and records of claims for payment, seizures and restraints on disposition. 
The imposition of a claim for payment, seizure or other restraint on disposition on a cover asset or cover 
pool for reasons not related to covered bonds does not result in the revocation of the additional authorisation 
or the appointment of a cover pool administrator if the issuer meets all the other requirements arising from 
the ECBA and there are no other grounds for revoking the additional authorisation or for appointing a cover 
pool administrator. If, in the aforementioned case, the value of the cover pool would fall below the statutory 
level, the issuer shall immediately replace the cover asset that is subject to a claim for payment, seizure or 
restraint on disposition with another cover asset of the same value. 
Transfer of a covered bond portfolio in its entirety 
In the event that the covered bond portfolio is separated from the issuer, the cover pool administrator may, 
upon the permission of the EFSA, transfer the separated covered bond portfolio in its entirety to another 
Estonian credit institution that has obtained the additional authorisation to issue covered bonds or to a credit 
institution of a Contracting State of the EEA Agreement which is permitted to issue, in the country where 
it is established, covered bonds meeting the conditions provided for in Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council. Upon such transfer, all rights and obligations related to the covered 
bond portfolio being transferred, including responsibility for the obligations arising before the transfer of 
the rights and obligations, shall be transferred to the acquirer. The proceeds received from the transfer of 
the covered bond portfolio in its entirety shall be used to cover the expenses of management of the covered 
bond portfolio. The funds remaining after all expenses are covered shall be included by the cover pool 
administrator in the issuer's bankruptcy estate or other assets. If any payment is made in respect of the 
claims included in the cover pool to the issuer after the transfer of the covered bond portfolio, such payment 
is deemed to be made in favour of the covered bond portfolio and accordingly the issuer shall immediately 
transfer the relevant amount to the acquirer. 
In the event that a covered bond portfolio is transferred in its entirety, the transfer of the rights and 
obligations included in the covered bond portfolio shall not require the consent of the holders of covered 
bonds, other parties to contracts, creditors or other interested parties. The acquirer is obliged to, within a 
reasonable time after the acquisition of the covered bond portfolio, inform the holders of the covered bonds, 
debtors of the claims constituting the cover pool, the counterparties to derivative instruments related to the 
cover pool and the third parties concerned of all the circumstances necessary for the exercise and 
performance of the respective rights and obligations. 
A covered bond portfolio may be transferred in its entirety to another Estonian credit institution that has 
obtained the additional authorisation to issue covered bonds if both the following conditions are met: 
 
the acquirer meets all the requirements established for issuers by the Credit Institutions Act, this 
Act and other legislation and has not breached these requirements repeatedly or materially during 
the last 5 years; and 
 
the acquirer has the capacity to ensure the existence of sufficient internal capital within the meaning 
of the Estonian Credit Institutions Act to cover all risks arising from the acquisition of the covered 
bond portfolio that are not subject to own funds requirements.

--- Page 207 ---
10227697736-v33
- 198 -
70-41032654
 
A covered bond portfolio may be transferred in its entirety to an acquirer being a credit institution 
established in another Contracting State of the EEA Agreement if all of the following conditions are met: 
 
the acquirer meets all the requirements imposed on credit institutions and issuers of covered bonds 
by the law of the country where the acquirer is established, and the acquirer has not breached these 
requirements repeatedly or materially during the last 5 years; 
 
the law of the country where the acquirer is established guarantees the coverage of the covered 
bonds included in the covered bond portfolio to be transferred and of the related derivative 
instruments entered in the cover register, as well as the rights of the holders of the covered bonds 
and of the counterparties to the derivative instruments entered in the cover register at a level that 
is at least equivalent to that guaranteed by Estonian law; 
 
the law of the country where the acquirer is established guarantees the rights of the debtors of the 
claims standing as security for the covered bonds at a level that is at least equivalent to that 
guaranteed by Estonian law, and the transfer will not render the performance of the obligations 
more expensive or difficult for the debtor of any such claim; 
 
the law of the country where the acquirer is established allows the acquirer to acquire the covered 
bond portfolio; and 
 
the acquirer has all the necessary authorisations and approvals for the acquisition of the covered 
bond portfolio that are required for the transaction according to the law of the country where the 
acquirer is established. 
In order to obtain permission for the transfer of a covered bond portfolio, the acquirer shall, not later than 
on the 20th day after the conclusion of the contract for the transfer of the covered bond portfolio in its 
entirety, submit to the EFSA a written application and the supplementary documents and information 
required under the ECBA. 
The EFSA may refuse to grant permission for the transfer of a covered bond portfolio if: 
 
the above described requirements for the acquirer of a covered bond portfolio are not met; or 
 
there are other circumstances damaging to the legitimate interests of the holders of covered bonds 
and of the counterparties to the derivative instruments entered in the cover register. 
Insolvency of a separated covered bond portfolio 
A separated covered bond portfolio is insolvent if one of the following circumstances occurs: 
 
it is not possible to satisfy the legitimate claim of at least one holder of covered bonds or 
counterparty to a derivative instrument entered in the cover register at the expense of the cover 
pool or the proceeds received from it, and this impossibility is not temporary due to the economic 
situation of the covered bond portfolio; or 
 
the present value of the cover pool does not cover the present value of the liabilities arising from 
covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register and the expenses 
of management of the covered bond portfolio. 
The provisions of the Bankruptcy Act concerning a bankrupt debtor and their bankruptcy proceedings shall 
apply to an insolvent separated covered bond portfolio, subject to the specification provided in the ECBA. 
Only the EFSA has the right to file a bankruptcy petition in respect of a separated covered bond portfolio. 
Upon the submission of a bankruptcy petition by the EFSA, the court will review the bankruptcy petition 
promptly but not later than on the following business day and decide on the declaration of bankruptcy on 
the basis of evidence annexed to the bankruptcy petition. On the basis of the bankruptcy ruling, the covered 
bond portfolio concerned shall become a separate bankruptcy estate of the issuer. 
In the bankruptcy proceedings of a separated covered bond portfolio only the holders of covered bonds, the 
counterparties to the derivative instruments entered in the cover register who have a claim arising from 
failure to perform an obligation in accordance section 48 of the Estonian Bankruptcy Act, and other persons

--- Page 208 ---
10227697736-v33
- 199 -
70-41032654
 
whose claims may be satisfied at the expense of the cover pool or proceeds received from it according to 
law, can be creditors in bankruptcy proceedings concerning a covered bond portfolio. Claims arising from 
derivative instruments and covered bonds shall have the same ranking and shall be satisfied before the 
claims of other creditors. 
Upon the bankruptcy of a covered bond portfolio, the court shall appoint the bankruptcy trustee for the 
covered bond portfolio on the basis of the proposal of the EFSA. In addition to the general duties, rights 
and obligations the bankruptcy trustee has under the Estonian Bankruptcy Act, the bankruptcy trustee shall: 
 
submit to the EFSA, without delay, the information requested by the latter and allow the EFSA to 
examine the documentation related to the bankruptcy proceedings concerning the covered bond 
portfolio; and 
 
if necessary, or if so prescribed by the legislation of the other Contracting State of the EEA 
Agreement, notify the registrar of the commercial register, land register or other relevant register 
of the Contracting State of the EEA Agreement where a cover asset is located about the bankruptcy 
ruling concerning the covered bond portfolio. 
In addition to the appointment of a bankruptcy trustee, a bankruptcy committee shall be formed for the 
insolvent covered bond portfolio. The bankruptcy committee shall have five members, three of which shall 
be appointed by the EFSA. 
In the event that a claim included in the cover pool of the bankrupt covered bond portfolio is satisfied with 
respect to the issuer, such satisfaction shall be deemed to be satisfaction in favour of the bankruptcy estate 
of the covered bond portfolio in bankruptcy proceedings. The issuer or its bankruptcy trustee shall transfer 
the proceeds of the satisfaction immediately to the bankruptcy trustee of the covered bond portfolio. 
Bankruptcy proceedings concerning a covered bond portfolio may not be terminated by a compromise, 
(which is a special court-supervised proceeding generally available under the Estonian Bankruptcy Act, 
allowing termination of bankruptcy proceedings upon reaching a settlement agreement approved by a 
majority of the creditors whose claims form at least two-thirds of the total amount of all defended claims 
in the bankruptcy proceedings). To the extent that it is not possible to satisfy claims arising from covered 
bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register in the bankruptcy proceedings 
concerning the covered bond portfolio, a creditor shall have the right to file claims against the issuer in the 
general procedure, including in bankruptcy proceedings. 
Liquidation of a separated covered bond portfolio 
A separated covered bond portfolio shall be liquidated once all the liabilities arising from covered bonds 
and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register are met. Within 20 business days from the 
date of meeting all the liabilities arising from covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in 
the cover register, the cover pool administrator is obliged to submit to the EFSA the last reports required 
by the ECBA, disclose all information required under the ECBA and publish a notice regarding the 
liquidation of the covered bond portfolio in the Estonian Official Gazette (in Estonian: Ametlikud 
Teadaanded). After the fulfilment of the above listed obligations by the cover pool administrator, the EFSA 
shall within 10 business days file a petition for release of the administrator from office with a court. 
From the date of entry into force of the court ruling on the release of the cover pool administrator from 
office, the provisions of the ECBA shall no longer apply to the portion of the cover pool that remains after 
the liabilities arising from covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register 
are met and the expenses of management of the covered bond portfolio are paid. The person whose term of 
office as the cover pool administrator has ended shall, insofar as possible, assist in the inclusion of the 
assets referred to in the first sentence of this subsection in the issuer's bankruptcy estate or other assets. 
Disclosure of information relating to covered bonds 
The ECBA requires an issuer of covered bonds to disclose information about covered bond portfolios once 
a quarter. Information about the first three quarters of a year shall be disclosed within 20 days of the end of 
the respective quarter. Information about the fourth quarter shall be disclosed within two months of the end 
of the quarter. The disclosed information must be available on the issuer's website for at least the last five 
years.

--- Page 209 ---
10227697736-v33
- 200 -
70-41032654
 
Under the updated wording of the ECBA, the following information must be disclosed: 
(i) 
the nominal value of outstanding covered bonds and of the cover pool; 
(ii) 
a list of all covered bonds under that covered bond programme with the International 
Securities Identification Numbers (ISINs), if any; 
(iii) 
the maturity structure of the covered bonds and the cover pool; 
(iv) 
the geographical distribution of the value of cover assets, at least to the accuracy of the 
country, based on the location of the property standing as security for a mortgage credit 
or commercial mortgage credit, and the location of the debtor or issuer in the case of other 
cover assets; 
(v) 
the type of property included in the cover pool, the total size and valuation method of the 
loans included in the cover pool; 
(vi) 
the distribution of substitute cover assets, in terms of their value, between the different 
types of eligible substitute cover assets; 
(vii) 
the level of the liquidity buffer and information about the ratio between the total liquidity 
buffer and the payment obligations of the next 180 days;  
(viii) 
the percentage of the amount of substitute cover assets, which have been in default for 
over 90 days or which the issuer estimates to be doubtful, in the cover pool; 
(ix) 
details in relation to market risk, including interest rate risk and currency risk, and credit 
and liquidity risks; 
(x) 
a list of the conditions suspending the maturity of a payment obligation; 
(xi) 
the amount of the main collateral, mandatory overcollateral and voluntary overcollateral; 
(xii) 
information about counterparties of derivative contracts; and 
(xiii) 
the methodology for calculating the ratio between credit and the value of the property 
standing as security for the credit. 
(xiv) 
In addition, the percentage of the amount of mortgage-backed credits, which have been in 
default for over 90 days or which the issuer estimates to be doubtful, in the cover pool, 
shall be disclosed regarding the primary cover assets for mortgage-covered bonds. 
Cover Pool Monitor Agreement 
Under the terms of a Cover Pool Monitor Agreement entered into on 7 November 2019 in respect of the 
issuance of any Covered Bond (the "Cover Pool Monitor Agreement") between the Issuer and KPMG 
Baltics OÜ as the asset monitor (the "Cover Pool Monitor"), the Cover Pool Monitor has agreed, subject 
to receiving access to all relevant information, to act as cover pool monitor (as defined in the ECBA) and 
to conduct tests in relation to, inter alia: (1) compliance of stress testing of the Covered Bond Portfolio and 
any changes introduced to the Covered Bond Portfolio as a result of stress testing with requirements; (2) 
the existence of a sufficient Cover Pool and its compliance with the requirements of the ECBA; (3) 
compliance of the maintenance of the cover register with the requirements of the ECBA; (4) compliance of 
the valuation of immovable properties encumbered with a mortgage securing credit and included in the 
cover pool with the requirements of the ECBA; (5) compliance of the Issuer's risk management and 
reporting obligation within the requirements of the ECBA; and (6) compliance by the Issuer of the Terms 
and Conditions of any Covered Bonds within the requirements of the ECBA. 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor will perform independent 
assurance services to ensure the requirements of the ECBA are fulfilled insofar as they relates to the Cover 
Pool Monitor. The purpose of the assurance engagement is to provide assurance as to whether the activities 
of the Issuer comply with the requirements of the ECBA. The Cover Pool Monitor's audit will be conducted 
as a limited assurance engagement within the meaning of the Auditors Activities Act. According to the

--- Page 210 ---
10227697736-v33
- 201 -
70-41032654
 
ECBA, the Cover Pool Monitor must be appointed for at least one year. Under the current Cover Pool 
Monitor Agreement, the duties and authorisation of KPMG Baltics OÜ as the Cover Pool Monitor have 
been stipulated without a term. The Issuer is obliged to notify the Financial Supervision Authority of the 
intention to appoint a monitor by submitting the information and documents specified in clause 4 of the 
ECBA to the Financial Supervision Authority at least ten days before the relevant decision is made. Should 
the Cover Pool Monitor decide to resign its position, the Cover Pool Monitor shall notify the Issuer and the 
Financial Supervision Authority thereof at least 30 days in advance. Upon the removal of the Cover Pool 
Monitor by the Issuer, the Issuer shall notify the Financial Supervision Authority of the planned removal 
ten days before the relevant decision is made, unless prior notification is not possible for good reason. 
The Cover Pool Monitor Agreement is governed by Estonian law.

--- Page 211 ---
10227697736-v33
- 202 -
70-41032654
 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks. 
Details of the administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, each such administrator's name appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (the "ESMA 
Benchmarks Register") are set out below. 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Administrator appears on 
ESMA Benchmarks Register? 
CIBOR 
Danish Financial Benchmark Facility 
ApS 
Yes 
NIBOR 
Norske Finansielle Referanser AS 
Yes 
STIBOR 
Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility  
Yes  
EURIBOR 
European Money Markets Institute 
Yes

--- Page 212 ---
10227697736-v33
- 203 -
70-41032654
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or 
elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax 
laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of 
those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Taxation of interest in Estonia 
Estonian Resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Article 17(1) of the Estonian Income Tax Act of 1999 (tulumaksuseadus), as amended (the 
"EITA"), income tax at the rate of 20 per cent. is charged on all interest received by natural persons who 
are resident in Estonia. Income tax payable in respect of interest payments to be made to Estonian residents 
is to be withheld by the Issuer. The Issuer will not withhold income tax if the Estonian resident Noteholder, 
who is a natural person, has notified the Issuer that the interest was received on financial assets acquired 
for money held in an investment account as specified in Article 172 of the EITA. 
Interest income earned by resident legal entities is not subject to income tax. Such income is included in 
their profits and taxed upon distribution of profit pursuant to the respective procedures. 
Non-resident Noteholders 
The Issuer does not withhold any income tax on interest payments to non-residents (i.e. non-resident legal 
persons who do not have a registered permanent establishment in Estonia, and/or natural persons). 
The income earned by non-resident Noteholders is not subject to taxation in Estonia but may be subject to 
taxation in their country of residence. 
Definitive Notes 
Noteholders should be aware that, if Definitive Notes are issued, holders of any Definitive Notes that are 
not held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, who are natural persons, will be required to 
present evidence of non-Estonian residency or other evidence as required by the Issuer, to the relevant 
Paying Agent, in order to receive payments of interest free of Estonian withholding tax (which, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, is charged at a rate of 20 per cent.). 
Taxation of capital gains in Estonia 
Estonian Resident Noteholders 
The income earned by resident individuals from the sale or exchange of Notes is taxed as capital gain from 
the transfer of property which is subject to income tax at the rate of 20 per cent. A Noteholder has to declare 
the gain and pay the income tax. 
Pursuant to Article 37(1) of the EITA, a resident individual has the right to deduct certified expenses 
directly related to the sale or exchange of Notes from the resident's gain or to add such expenses to the 
resident's loss. The gain or loss derived from the transfer of Notes is the difference between the acquisition 
cost and the sale price of the Notes. The gains or loss derived from the exchange of Notes is the difference 
between the acquisition cost of the Notes and the market price of the property received as a result of the 
exchange. 
Individual Noteholders may postpone the taxation of their income derived from the sale or exchange of the 
Notes, by using an investment account specified in Article 172 of the EITA for the purposes of making 
transactions with the Notes and depositing the proceeds from the transfer of Notes in the investment 
account. The moment of taxation of the financial income held on an investment account is postponed until 
such income is withdrawn from the investment account (i.e. the amount withdrawn from the account 
exceeds the amount which had been previously paid into the account).

--- Page 213 ---
10227697736-v33
- 204 -
70-41032654
 
Gains received by resident legal entities from the sale of Notes is not subject to corporate income tax. Such 
gain is included in their profits and taxed upon distribution of profits pursuant to relevant procedures. 
Non-resident Noteholders 
Gains received from the sale or exchange of Notes is not subject to income tax in Estonia by non-resident 
Noteholders (i.e. non-resident legal persons who do not have a registered permanent establishment in 
Estonia, and/or natural persons). 
The income earned by non-resident Noteholders may be subject to taxation in their country of residence. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each other than Estonia, a "participating Member State"). However, 
Estonia has ceased to participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign 
passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions including 
the Republic of Estonia have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in 
their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an 
IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that 
it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date of 
publication of final regulations defining the term "foreign passthru payment".6 Holders should consult 
their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
 
6 
On December 14, 2018 the Treasury and the IRS issued Proposed Regulations that substantially reduce the burden under FACTA 
and chapter 3 by eliminating withholding on the payments of gross proceeds and certain Insurance premiums, deferring 
withholding on foreign Pass-thru payments, and introducing other relief measures.

--- Page 214 ---
10227697736-v33
- 205 -
70-41032654
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Citigroup Global Markets Europe 
AG, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, DNB Bank ASA, J.P. Morgan 
SE, Nordea Bank Abp, Landesbank Baden-Württemberg, Luminor Bank AS, represented within the 
Republic of Lithuania by Luminor Bank AS Lithuanian branch, Morgan Stanley Europe SE and UniCredit 
Bank AG (the "Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be 
sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 28 April 2022 (the 
"Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes 
the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be 
issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the 
relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer 
which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an 
agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and 
subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as 
"Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and 
the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material 
to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of 
those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilising Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, as certified to the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer by 
such Dealer (or, in the case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes to or through more than one Dealer, by each of 
such Dealers as to the Notes of such Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the Fiscal Agent or 
the Issuer shall notify each such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified) within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which 
it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed,

--- Page 215 ---
10227697736-v33
- 206 -
70-41032654
 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.   
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2016/97 the "EU Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes incudes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA"); or  
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended, "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
A. 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
B. 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA 
by the Issuer;

--- Page 216 ---
10227697736-v33
- 207 -
70-41032654
 
(b) Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if it was not 
an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others 
for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, 
FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, the Dealers have represented and 
agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, any Notes nor distribute any copies 
of the Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other document relating to Notes, in the Republic of Italy 
except: 
(a) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 100, paragraph 1, letter 
(a) of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Financial Services Act") 
and Article 34-ter, first paragraph, letter b) of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, 
as amended from time to time ("Regulation No. 11971"); or 
(b) in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
100 of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus, any Final 
Terms or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must be: 
(a) made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act and, CONSOB Regulation 
No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the 
"Consolidated Banking Act") (in each case, as amended from time to time) and any other 
applicable laws and regulations; and 
(b) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including, the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to 
Article 129 of the Consolidated Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, 
as amended from time to time) or any other competent authority. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it 
has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than

--- Page 217 ---
10227697736-v33
- 208 -
70-41032654
 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 
Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, it has 
complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from 
which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into 
whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Neither the Issuer or any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 218 ---
10227697736-v33
- 209 -
70-41032654
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The update of the Programme was authorised by the Supervisory Council of the Issuer on 31 March 
2020, 26 October 2020 and 25 April 2022. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time 
all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance 
of the Notes relating to them. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during 
the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
Since 31 December 2021 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
or the Issuer and its subsidiaries nor any significant change in the financial position or performance 
of the Issuer or the Issuer and its subsidiaries.  
Auditors 
4. 
AS PricewaterhouseCoopers has audited the 2020 Financial Statements and the 2021 Financial 
Statements (incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference) and issued unqualified auditor's 
reports from the audit thereof. 
AS PricewaterhouseCoopers is a member of the Estonian Auditors Association. 
Listing Agent 
5. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer 
in connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents on Display 
6. 
 Copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof) may be inspected 
during normal business hours at the offices of Luminor Bank AS at Liivalaia 45, 10145, Tallinn, 
Estonia or at www.luminor.ee for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the articles of association and trade register extract of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(c) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(d) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive 
form); and 
(e) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement. 
This Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of Euronext Dublin at  
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/24412/documents 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus, 
information on the website does not form part of this prospectus.

--- Page 219 ---
10227697736-v33
- 210 -
70-41032654
 
Material Contracts 
7. 
No contracts (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) have been entered 
into by the Issuer that are, or may be, material or contain provisions under which the Issuer or any 
of its subsidiaries has an obligation or entitlement which is, or may be, material to the ability of 
the Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Clearing of the Notes 
8. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code, International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), Financial 
Instrument Short Name (FISN) and Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) code (as 
applicable) in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant 
Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Issue Price and Yield 
9. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the relevant Dealer(s) at the time 
of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes 
or the method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may 
include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the 
relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest 
payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) 
to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of 
the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
10. 
Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course 
of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of 
the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates may have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer and may, in such cases, routinely hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially 
the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes and Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend 
to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. J.P. 
Morgan has advised the Braavos Consortium with respect to the acquisition of the majority 
ownership in the Issuer.

--- Page 220 ---
10227697736-v33
- 211 -
70-41032654
 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
11. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 213800JD2L89GGG7LF07. 
Issuer Website 
12. 
The Issuer's website is www.luminor.ee. Unless specifically incorporated by reference to this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the CBI. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
13. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its 12 month validity period.

--- Page 221 ---
10227697736-v33
70-41032654
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Luminor Bank AS 
Liivalaia 45 
10145 
Tallinn 
Estonia 
DEALERS 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias Gate 30 
N-0191 Oslo 
Norway 
 
J.P. Morgan SE  
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
 
Luminor Bank AS, represented within the 
Republic of Lithuania by Luminor Bank AS 
Lithuanian branch 
Konstitucijos ave. 21A 
03601 Vilnius 
Lithuania 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 NORDEA 
Finland 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE  
Morgan Stanley Europe SE  
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
 
FISCAL AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe Plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1, Ireland

--- Page 222 ---
10227697736-v33
70-41032654
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer
as to English law: 
as to Estonian law: 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London 
E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
Advokaadibüroo COBALT OÜ 
Pärnu mnt 15, 
10141 Tallinn 
Estonia 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
AS PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Pärnu mnt 15 
10141 Tallinn 
Estonia 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
D02 T380 
Ireland