--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the Base 
Prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") following this page, and you are therefore required to read this 
carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use of the Base Prospectus. In accessing the 
Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any 
modifications to them any time you receive any information from us as a result of such access. 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED OTHER THAN AS 
PROVIDED BELOW AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS MAY ONLY BE DISTRIBUTED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES 
TO PERSONS THAT ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE 
U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED ("THE SECURITIES ACT"). ANY 
FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS IN 
WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE 
MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS 
OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR 
THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION. 
THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL 
NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS. 
Confirmation of your Representation: In order to be eligible to view the Base Prospectus or make an 
investment decision with respect to the securities described in the Base Prospectus, you must be a 
person other than a U.S. person (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act) who 
is outside the United States. By accepting the email and accessing the Base Prospectus, you shall be 
deemed to represent that you are not, and that any customer represented by you is not, a U.S. person; 
the electronic mail address that you have given to us and to which this e-mail has been delivered is 
not located in the U.S., its territories and possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands), any State of the United 
States or the District of Columbia; and that you consent to delivery of the Base Prospectus by 
electronic transmission. 
You are reminded that the Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a 
person into whose possession the Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the 
laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located, and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver 
the Base Prospectus to any other person. 
Any materials relating to the potential offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection 
with, an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a 
jurisdiction requires that the potential offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and any 
underwriter or any affiliate of any underwriter is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, any 
offering shall be deemed to be made by the underwriter or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in 
such jurisdiction. 
Under no circumstances shall the Base Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an 
offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction. The Base Prospectus may only be communicated to 
persons in the United Kingdom in circumstances where section 21(1) of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 does not apply. 
The Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission 
and consequently no responsibility whatsoever will be accepted in respect of any difference between 
the Base Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and a hard copy version that may be 
made available to you.

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
LUMINOR BANK AS 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Estonia) 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note and Covered Bond Programme 
Under this EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note and Covered Bond Programme (the "Programme"), Luminor Bank AS 
("Luminor" or the "Issuer") may from time to time issue notes ("Notes") which may be unsubordinated ("Senior Preferred Notes" 
which may either be restricted senior preferred notes, "Restricted Senior Preferred Notes", or unrestricted senior preferred notes, 
"Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes"), senior non-preferred ("Senior Non-Preferred Notes"), subordinated ("Subordinated 
Notes") or covered bonds (as defined in the Estonian Covered Bond Act; the "ECBA") (the "Covered Bonds"). Notes may be issued 
in bearer and/or registered form (respectively "Bearer Notes" and "Registered Notes") each denominated in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the Dealers (as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, which is the Irish competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"), as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the EU Prospectus Regulation for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of notes ("Notes") issued under the Euro Medium Term Note and Covered 
Bond Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months after the date hereof. The 
Central Bank of Ireland has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer 
nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of the Base Prospectus. Such approval relates only to the Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU ("EU MiFID II") and/or which 
are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months 
after the date hereof. Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for 
Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") 
and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the 
purposes of EU MiFID II. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or 
further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event 
of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Senior Preferred Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated by Moody's Investors Service Limited ("Moody's"). 
Moody's is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). Moody's appears on 
the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 30 November 2023) published by the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority ("FCA"). The rating which Moody's may give to the Senior Preferred Notes to be issued under the Programme may be 
endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH, which is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
In addition, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be rated. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks. Details of the 
administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, each such administrator's 
name appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") are set out in the 
section entitled "EU Benchmarks Regulation" on page 177 of this Base Prospectus. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Arranger 
Nordea 
Dealers 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
DNB 
Erste Group 
J.P. Morgan 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Luminor Bank AS, Lithuanian branch 
Morgan Stanley 
Nordea 
UniCredit 
 
Base Prospectus dated 25 April 2024

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms 
and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and/or Covered 
Bonds will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the 
"Conditions") as completed by a document specific to each such Tranche called final terms (the "Final 
Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described 
under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses". Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed 
on the Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of the Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche 
of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the 
context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" that this Base Prospectus 
contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) 
material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any 
material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made 
and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material 
fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the 
Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all 
proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
The Issuer confirms that any information sourced from third parties contained in this Base Prospectus has 
been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given 
or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the 
acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the 
issue and offering of the Notes. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the 
offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event 
reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial position or performance of 
the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to 
the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Bearer Notes are subject to 
U.S. tax law requirements. Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Bearer Notes) delivered within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. The Dealers have not 
provided any financial or taxation advice in connection with the Programme or Notes issued thereunder. 
Product Governance under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II") 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
EU MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11)

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID 
II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
Notice to investors in Canada: The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. 
Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or 
territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base 
Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for 
rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities 
legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions 
of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult 
with a legal advisor. Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the 
government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting 
Conflicts ("NI 33-105"), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-
105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with the offerings of the Notes contemplated 
in this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, 
subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription 
and Sale". 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area. 
References to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States dollars, references to "EUR", "€" 
or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction 
of the euro, as amended and references to "NOK" are to Norwegian kroner.

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
References to the "Luminor Group" or the "Group" are to Luminor Bank AS (together with its branches 
in Latvia and Lithuania) and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law 
is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
References to a "Mortgage Loan" are to a loan or a credit issued to a natural person and secured by a 
mortgage or mortgages over residential property, in the meaning of Article 4 (1) (75) of the CRR (as defined 
below), located in the territory of a Contracting State of the EEA Agreement which comply with the 
conditions provided for in the ECBA. 
Language 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to 
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes 
will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed 
in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate 
whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer 
does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures 
Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 
309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time  
(the "SFA"). If applicable, the Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written

--- Page 7 ---
- vii - 
notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered 
for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
- viii - 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
References in this Base Prospectus to the financial statements for 2022 and 2023 of Luminor, are to the 
audited consolidated financial statements of Luminor Bank AS for the year ended 31 December 2022 
("2022 Financial Statements") and to the audited consolidated financial statements of Luminor Bank AS 
for the year ended 31 December 2023 ("2023 Financial Statements") respectively, each incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union ("IFRS"). Unless stated 
otherwise, financial information presented in the Base Prospectus is derived from the 2022 Financial 
Statements and the 2023 Financial Statements. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus contains certain financial measures that are not defined or recognised under IFRS and 
which are considered to be "alternative performance measures" as defined in the "ESMA Guidelines on 
Alternative Performance Measures" issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 October 
2015 (the "Alternative Performance Measures" or "APMs"). Such APMs are described in detail in "Key 
Financial Ratios and Alternative Performance Measures of the Luminor Group". 
Key Factors Affecting Comparability 
Certain Presentation Changes in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for 
the year ended 31 December 2023 
In connection with the preparation of the 2023 Financial Statements, the Group changed the presentation 
of certain items in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income in order to 
improve readability and the structure. Certain positions related to Interest income calculated using the 
effective interest method and Other similar income for the year ended 31 December 2022 have been 
presented as shown below: 
 
2022 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income 
As 
reported 
previously 
Change 
Revised 
presentatio
n 
 
million EUR 
Interest income calculated using the effective interest method 
270.6 
7.1 
277.7 
Other similar income .......................................................................................................... 
57.4 
-7.1 
50.3

--- Page 9 ---
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 10 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................... 50 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ..................................................................... 51 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................... 52 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................... 58 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES ..................................................................................... 105 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............ 122 
KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS AND ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES OF THE ISSUER
 .......................................................................................................................................................... 125 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................... 127 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ...................................................................................................... 128 
THE ESTONIAN MORTGAGE MARKET ........................................................................................ 133 
THE LATVIAN MORTGAGE MARKET .......................................................................................... 140 
THE LITHUANIAN MORTGAGE MARKET ................................................................................... 147 
RETAIL MORTGAGE LENDING PRINCIPLES OF THE ISSUER .................................................. 152 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE QUALIFYING COVER POOL ......................................................... 155 
OVERVIEW OF ESTONIAN REGULATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS ........................... 159 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION ................................................................................................. 177 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................... 178 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................ 180 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 184

--- Page 10 ---
- 1 - 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base 
Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus 
as a whole and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
Issuer: 
Luminor Bank AS 
Programme Amount: 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one 
time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Arranger: 
Nordea Bank Abp (the "Arranger") 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note and Covered Bond Programme 
Dealers: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, DNB Bank ASA, Erste 
Group Bank AG, J.P. Morgan SE, Landesbank Baden-Württemberg, 
Luminor Bank AS, represented within the Republic of Lithuania by 
Luminor Bank AS Lithuanian branch, Morgan Stanley Europe SE and 
UniCredit Bank GmbH  
 
(together with the Arranger, the "Dealers") 
Fiscal Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch (the "Fiscal Agent") 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe Plc (the "Registrar") 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in Euros or in any other currency or 
currencies, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Method of Issue: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will 
all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and the 
amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect of 
different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to 
identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes 
of different denominations. 
Denominations: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements), save that the minimum denomination of each Note will 
be €100,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency). 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued 
under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to trading 
on its regulated market.

--- Page 11 ---
- 2 - 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued as Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes or Covered 
Bonds, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be. 
The rights of holders of Notes shall be subject to any present or future 
Estonian laws or regulations relating to the insolvency, recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms in Estonia which 
are or will be applicable to the Notes only as a result of the operation 
of such laws or regulations. 
 
Senior Preferred Notes 
The 
Senior 
Preferred 
Notes 
constitute 
senior, 
unsecured, 
unsubordinated, direct, general and unconditional obligations of the 
Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and 
at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred 
by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application. 
Senior Preferred Notes may be Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or 
Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves. 
 
In the event of the winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, 
the rights and claims (if any) of holders of any Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes to payments of the outstanding principal amount and any other 
amounts in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including any 
accrued but unpaid interest amount or damages or other payments 
awarded for breach of any obligations under the Conditions, if any are 
payable) shall: 
(i) 
be subordinated to the claims of all depositors and other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer which are accepted in 
the relevant proceedings, provided that in each case such 
claims are not by mandatory provisions of law ranked, or by 
their terms expressed to rank, pari passu with the claims of 
holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
 
(ii) 
rank at least pari passu with the claims of all other creditors 
of the Issuer which in each case by law rank, or by their terms 
are expressed to rank, pari passu with the claims of holders 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
 
(iii) 
rank senior to any Junior Securities of the Issuer. 
 
Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Capital and obligations 
in relation to any related Coupons resulting therefrom constitute direct 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu without 
any preference among themselves. The Subordinated Notes that do 
not qualify as Tier 2 Capital and obligations in relation to any related 
Coupons resulting therefrom constitute direct and unsecured

--- Page 12 ---
- 3 - 
obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves. 
In the event of the winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, 
the rights and claims (if any) of the holders of Subordinated Notes to 
payments of the outstanding principal amount and any other amounts 
in respect of the Subordinated Notes (including any accrued but 
unpaid interest amount or damages or other payments awarded for 
breach of any obligations under the Conditions (if payable)) shall: 
(i) 
be subordinated to the claims of all Senior Creditors; 
(ii) 
rank at least pari passu with the claims of all subordinated 
creditors of the Issuer which in each case by law rank, or by 
their terms are expressed to rank (to the extent such ranking 
is recognised by applicable law), pari passu with the 
Subordinated Notes; and 
(iii) 
rank senior to any obligations of the Issuer which in each 
case by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank (to 
the extent such ranking is recognised by applicable law), 
junior to the Subordinated Notes. 
 
Covered Bonds 
The European Central Bank has granted to the Issuer an additional 
licence to issue covered bonds in accordance with the Estonian 
Covered Bond Act, "ECBA", which is effective as of 19 December 
2019. The Covered Bonds are issued as covered bonds under the 
ECBA and constitute direct and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. The Covered Bonds are covered by a cover pool comprising of 
the claims of the Issuer arising from Mortgage Loans and certain other 
types of assets which qualify as substitute cover assets under the 
ECBA and are registered in the cover register maintained by the Issuer 
in accordance with the ECBA ("Cover Pool"). The Covered Bonds 
rank pari passu among themselves and with Derivative Instruments 
(as defined in the Conditions) registered in the cover register in 
accordance with the ECBA. On declaration of the Issuer's bankruptcy 
and in certain other events stipulated in the ECBA the Covered Bonds 
together with the Cover Pool and the Derivative Instruments 
("Covered Bond Portfolio") will be separated from other assets and 
liabilities of the Issuer and form an independent pool of designated 
assets to be managed in accordance with the ECBA and to be used 
solely to satisfy the claims of Covered Bondholders and of the 
counterparties to the Derivative Instrument and to cover the expenses 
related to the management of the Covered Bond Portfolio. Pursuant to 
Estonian law, the separation of the Covered Bonds Portfolio will not 
affect the liability of the Issuer for the claims arising from the Covered 
Bonds. Furthermore, the payment obligations arising from the 
Covered Bonds are not subject to automatic acceleration upon the 
separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio, except as otherwise 
provided by the ECBA. If the Covered Bond Portfolio becomes 
insolvent, to the extent that claims of the Covered Bondholders in 
relation to the Covered Bonds are not satisfied in the course of the 
bankruptcy proceedings of the Covered Bond Portfolio, the residual 
claims of the Covered Bondholders will rank pari passu with the 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both 
mandatory and of general application.

--- Page 13 ---
- 4 - 
The statutory cover conferred on holders of the Covered Bonds by the 
ECBA extends to Mortgage Loans owned by the Issuer and certain 
other types of assets which qualify as substitute cover assets under the 
ECBA that are included in the Cover Pool (jointly "Eligible Assets"). 
The composition of the portfolio of Mortgage Loans and other Eligible 
Assets may change from time to time due to, for example, the 
inclusion and removal of Mortgage Loans and other Eligible Assets to 
and from the Cover Pool from time to time by the Issuer, subject to 
the fulfilment of the requirements of the ECBA. Claims of the 
Covered Bondholders will not be backed by assets of the Issuer which 
do not qualify for this purpose or which are not included in the Cover 
Pool, nor will any security be taken over the Issuer's rights under any 
agreements entered into by the Issuer in relation to the Programme or 
Notes issued thereunder. 
Waiver of Set-Off: 
Senior Preferred Notes 
No holder of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes shall be entitled to 
exercise any right of set off, netting or counterclaim against moneys 
owed by the Issuer in respect of such Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes 
No holder of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes shall 
be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim 
against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes. 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either: (1) pursuant 
to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (2) pursuant to 
a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be the Conditions as completed by 
the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, as supplemented, 
amended and/or replaced by the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price. The price and amount of Notes to 
be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and may vary during the 
lifetime of the relevant series. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or in registered 
form ("Registered Notes"). Bearer Notes will not be exchangeable for 
Registered Notes and Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for 
Bearer Notes. No single Series or Tranche may comprise both Bearer 
Notes and Registered Notes. 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary Global Note") or a 
permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note"), in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms (each a "Global Note"). Each 
Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new global note 
form ("NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which 
is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final

--- Page 14 ---
- 5 - 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for 
Definitive Notes. Certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
will be a condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a 
Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest in 
respect of a Temporary Global Note. 
 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-
bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further 
Coupons. 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by either 
Individual Note Certificates or a Global Registered Note, in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Registered Note 
which is not intended to be held under the new safekeeping structure 
("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, will be registered in the name of a common depositary 
(or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global 
Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the 
common depositary. Each Global Registered Note intended to be held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, will be registered in the name of a common safekeeper 
(or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global 
Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, Notes will 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable) on the 
Maturity Date. 
Optional Redemption: 
Subject to certain Conditions, Notes may be redeemed before the 
Maturity Date at the option of the Issuer (as described in Condition 
9(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer)) or at the option of the Noteholders (as described in Condition 
9(f) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders)), to the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable. 
No redemption at the option of the Noteholders is permitted for 
Covered Bonds. 
 
There are additional restrictions on the optional redemption of 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes, as mentioned in Condition 9(m) (Redemption 
and Purchase - Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase). 
Early Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above (and subject to 
certain conditions), early redemption will only be permitted for tax 
reasons, as described in Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption for tax reasons). 
 
In relation to Subordinated Notes, if specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, early redemption in whole (but not in part) is 
permitted as a result of a Capital Event as described in Condition 9(h) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Early Redemption of Subordinated Notes

--- Page 15 ---
- 6 - 
as a result of a Capital Event), or as a result of a Withholding Tax 
Event or, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a Tax 
Event, each as described in Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase 
– Redemption for tax reasons), or if specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, following the MREL Disqualification Event 
Effective Date, an MREL Disqualification Event. 
 
In relation to Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, redemption is permitted as a result of an MREL 
Disqualification Event (if specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms), a Tax Event (if specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms), a Withholding Tax Event or at the option of the Issuer, in each 
case subject to the Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 
9(m) (Redemption and Purchase - Conditions to Redemption or 
Repurchase), to the extent applicable. Early redemption will 
otherwise be permitted only to the extent specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Notes denominated in Pounds Sterling may not be 
redeemed prior to one year and one day from the date of issue.  
 
There are additional restrictions on the early redemption of Restricted 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes, as mentioned in Condition 9(m) (Redemption and Purchase - 
Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase). 
Extended Maturity Date: 
The relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be, may provide that an Extended Maturity Date applies to the 
Covered Bonds. 
 
If: 
(a) 
(a) 
an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
(b) 
a bankruptcy, compulsory dissolution or another 
event described in Condition 9(n)(i)(B) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Extension of maturity to Extended Maturity Date) 
has occurred in respect of the Issuer: and 
(c) 
(c) 
as a result of such an event, the Covered Bonds are 
not redeemed in full on the Maturity Date at their Final 
Redemption Amount or within three Business Days 
thereafter, 
the maturity of the Covered Bonds and the date on which such 
Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for the purposes of the 
Terms and Conditions will be automatically extended to the Extended 
Maturity Date, subject as otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. In that event, the Issuer shall redeem the outstanding principal 
amount of such Covered Bonds at their Final Redemption Amount on 
the Extended Maturity Date. In addition, all or any part of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds may be redeemed on any 
Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to and 
including the Extended Maturity Date or as otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable). In each 
of the above scenarios, the Issuer shall give notice to the Covered 
Bondholders and to the Paying Agents in accordance with Condition 
9(n)(i)(C) (Redemption and Purchase – Extension of maturity to 
Extended Maturity Date). 
 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable) and, as a result of any of the

--- Page 16 ---
- 7 - 
events specified in Condition 9(n) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Extension of maturity to Extended Maturity Date) the Covered Bonds 
are not redeemed in full on the Maturity Date at their Final 
Redemption Amount or within three Business Days thereafter, the 
Covered Bonds will bear interest on the principal amount outstanding 
of such Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed and 
will be payable in arrear or as otherwise provided for in the relevant 
Final Terms on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date at 
the rate specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
In the case of Covered Bonds with an Extended Maturity Date, those 
Covered Bonds may be issued as fixed rate, floating rate, or zero 
coupon in respect of the period from (and including) the Issue Date to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date and issued as fixed rate or floating 
rate in respect of the period from (and including) the Maturity Date to 
(but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are non-interest bearing to the 
Maturity Date and for which an Extended Maturity Date applies, the 
initial outstanding principal amount on the Maturity Date for the 
above purposes will be the total amount otherwise payable by the 
Issuer but unpaid on the applicable Covered Bonds on the Maturity 
Date. 
Asset Monitor:  
KPMG Baltics OÜ has been appointed pursuant to the Asset Monitor 
Agreement as an independent monitor to perform the tasks of an asset 
monitor which are provided in the ECBA (including carry out required 
tests in respect of the Covered Bond Portfolio). 
Substitution and Variation: 
The Issuer may substitute or vary the terms of all (but not some only) 
of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or the Subordinated Notes as provided in Condition 23 (Substitution 
and Variation) (including changing the governing law of Condition 
25 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)) if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders. 
Taxation: 
All payments (in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes: of interest only; and 
in the case of Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes or Covered Bonds: 
of principal and/or interest) in respect of the Notes and the Coupons 
by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf 
of the Republic of Estonia or any political subdivision therein or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or 
governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall 
pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the 
Noteholders and the Coupon holders after such withholding or 
deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had 
no such withholding or deduction been required, subject to certain 
exceptions as described in Condition 12 (Taxation). 
Events of Default and Cross 
Acceleration: 
The Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes contain events of default 
entitling Noteholders to demand immediate redemption and provide 
for a cross-acceleration provision.

--- Page 17 ---
- 8 - 
The Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and the Subordinated Notes provide for events of default in 
certain circumstances, but do not contain a cross-default or cross-
acceleration provision. 
The Covered Bonds do not provide for events of default entitling 
Covered Bondholders to demand immediate redemption and will not 
provide for a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg" and together with Euroclear, the 
"ICSDs") and/or, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, any other 
clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. 
The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to 
fulfil its respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under 
"Risk Factors" below. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes shall be governed by English law except for: 
(a) 
Condition 4(b) (Status - Status of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes), Condition 4(c) (Status - Status of the Subordinated 
Notes) and 4(d) (Status - Status of the Covered Bonds), and the 
provisions relating to coverage of the Covered Bonds and the 
Coupons pursuant to the ECBA; 
(b) 
Condition 25 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers); and 
(c) 
other provisions relating to the Covered Bonds where 
provisions of Estonian laws mandatorily apply to covered 
bonds issued by an issuer incorporated in Estonia, 
which shall be governed by Estonian law. 
Ratings: 
The Senior Preferred Notes issued under the Programme may be rated 
by Moody's. Moody's is established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation. 
The rating which Moody's may give to the Senior Preferred Notes to 
be issued under the Programme may be endorsed by Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH, which is established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation. 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using 
a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation

--- Page 18 ---
- 9 - 
or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
In addition, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Subordinated Notes 
and the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be rated. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United 
States of America, the European Economic Area, the United 
Kingdom, Japan and the Republic of Italy, see "Subscription and Sale" 
below. 
Use of Proceeds: 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net 
proceeds of the issue of each Series of Notes will be used for the 
general corporate purposes of the Issuer.

--- Page 19 ---
- 10 - 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective 
investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business 
of the Issuer and the industry(ies) in which it operates together with all other information contained in this 
Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined 
in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same 
meanings in this section. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Notes and should be used as guidance only. The below disclosure of risks only includes 
the risks the Issuer deems specific to the Issuer and to the Notes within the Programme, and which the 
Issuer believes to be the most essential for taking an informed investment decision. Additional risks and 
uncertainties relating to the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that are currently deemed 
immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, 
results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of 
the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider 
carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base 
Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
Unless otherwise specified, the risks relating to the Issuer as discussed in this section below, apply to the 
Issuer together with its branches and subsidiaries operating in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. 
Risks relating to the Issuer 
Risks associated with credit portfolio 
The quality of the assets in the Issuer's loan portfolio is affected by changes in the creditworthiness of its 
customers, their ability to repay loans on time and the Issuer's ability to enforce its security interests on 
customers' collateral. Should the customers fail to repay their loans and the value of the relevant collateral 
proves to be insufficient for covering the full amount of the outstanding liabilities, the Issuer's financial 
position, the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and the value of the Notes may be 
adversely affected. 
The loans of most Baltic customers (including mortgage loans) have a floating rate of interest and increases 
in interest rates, in addition to higher living costs, could therefore adversely affect the liquidity of those 
borrowers. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the interest rate hikes seen during 2023 have been fully 
passed on to all customers with variable rate loans. Additional interest rate hikes could reduce the credit 
quality of the Issuer's loan (including mortgage loan) portfolio and demand for the Issuer's financial 
products. 
The Issuer's level of credit risk is sensitive to any general deterioration in economic conditions in the Baltic 
region, domestic unemployment, real estate price developments and other factors, such as geopolitical 
tensions due to the Russian invasion to Ukraine, that have an influence on customers' financing needs or 
consumer confidence. Despite the Issuer's conservative credit policy and process and a credit portfolio that 
is well-secured by residential and commercial real estate collateral, in times of economic crisis a decrease 
in customer credit solvency and collateral value may occur simultaneously and cause losses to the Issuer. 
The current worsened macroeconomic outlook for Baltic countries may lead to lower success of problem 
customer recovery and the risk that future credit losses will be higher, triggering the need for additional 
impairments. Any future write-downs in the Issuer's loan portfolio attributed to loan losses may ultimately 
be due to many factors, such as the general economic situation, geopolitical risks, inflation, increased 
interest rates, negative changes in the credit rating of customers or counterparties, customers' servicing of 
loans and ability to pay, a reduction in property values, structural and technological changes in different 
sectors and external factors such as rules laid down in legislation and relevant regulations. 
The assessment and pricing of credit risks, the real value and realisation times for collateral, the granting 
of lending powers and the following up of loan decisions are associated with uncertainty, which means that 
any value impairments realised in the loan portfolio could weaken the profitability of the Issuer's business 
operations and its financial position. There are no guarantees that any provisions made will be sufficient to 
cover the amount of loan losses as they occur. A significant increase in the size of the Issuer's allowance

--- Page 20 ---
- 11 - 
for loan losses and loan losses not covered by allowances would have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's results of operations, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks associated with the implementation of IT systems 
The Issuer's business operations are dependent on its ability to process a large number of transactions 
efficiently and accurately, with uninterrupted operation of numerous IT systems, including computer 
hardware and software systems, data centres, third party telecommunications networks and the systems of 
third parties, while complying with applicable regulations. Any critical IT system failure, instability, 
material loss of service availability, material breach of data security or any other serious error could reduce 
the Issuer's ability to serve its customers, which could result in reputational damage, compensation costs 
and regulatory sanctions. 
Use of third-party vendors brings about the risk of vendor dependency, which the Issuer aims to manage 
by implementing a modular architecture approach, whereby interfaces between systems are built based on 
industry standard message exchange systems, implementation of widely used industry standard software 
solutions, and supported by long-term support contracts. Nonetheless, regardless of such risk mitigating 
measures, it is possible that third-party contractors may fail to deliver the specific products and services on 
time and on the terms agreed with the Issuer which could adversely affect the Issuer's business operations, 
reputation, performance or financial position. 
Risk associated with information security and risk of cybercrime attacks 
The Issuer's operations rely on the correct and secure processing and communication of large amounts of 
information, which is often of a confidential nature. As part of its business operations, the Issuer records 
personal and banking details that it receives from its customers. Significant costs may be incurred if 
information security risks, such as illegal access to or distortion of information, are realised. Costs may also 
be incurred by the Issuer in protecting itself against breaches of data protection rules and in solving 
problems that have been caused as a result of such breaches. 
The Issuer may be subject to cyber-attack, more so after the Russian invasion of Ukraine in 2022. The 
Issuer is reliant on technology, against which there is a constantly evolving series of attacks that are 
increasing in terms of frequency, sophistication, impact and severity in general. The Issuer is aware of the 
dangers posed by Advanced Persistent Threats (APTs), sophisticated cyber attacks that aim to stealthily 
infiltrate systems over extended periods. These state-sponsored or highly organised criminal activities are 
a growing concern, especially in light of geopolitical tensions. The Issuer's cybersecurity strategy includes 
advanced detection and defence mechanisms to identify and counteract these threats. The Issuer's focus is 
to manage the impact of the attacks and sustain availability of services for its customers. The Issuer 
recognises the potential cybersecurity risks associated with third-party vendors and supply chains. As 
financial operations increasingly intertwine with external service providers for critical services, a security 
breach in these third-party systems could indirectly compromise the Issuer's integrity and the confidentiality 
of sensitive information. The Issuer is committed to rigorous assessment and monitoring of these external 
partners to mitigate these risks and continues to invest significant resources in the development and 
evolution of cyber security controls that are designed to minimise the potential effect of such attacks. 
As for all financial institutions, the Issuer's activities have been, and continue to be, subject to an increasing 
risk and the Issuer may continue to experience security breaches or unexpected disruptions to its systems 
and services in the future. Such events could in turn result in liability to the Issuer's customers and/or third 
parties and consequently have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, reputation, financial condition and 
results of operations. Ransomware attacks have emerged as a formidable challenge, with attackers 
demanding ransom in exchange for decrypting data or ceasing disruption of operations. The Issuer 
prioritises robust defensive measures against such attacks and maintains a comprehensive backup and 
recovery strategy to ensure business continuity in the event of a ransomware incident however there can be 
no assurance that these measures will be effective. Failure to adequately manage cyber-security risk and 
continually monitor, review and update current processes in response to new threats could have a number 
of adverse effects on the Issuer, including disruption to the Issuer's business, unauthorised disclosure of 
confidential information, significant financial and/or legal exposure and damage to its reputation and results 
of operations. 
The Issuer's digital transformation can make it a potential target for cybercrime attempts, primarily related 
to its internet bank users and may include physical identity theft, unauthorised access to privileged and 
sensitive customer information, including internet bank credentials, as well as payment and credit card

--- Page 21 ---
- 12 - 
information. Insider threats, whether intentional or accidental, present a significant security risk. Employees 
or contractors with access to sensitive systems and data may misuse or mishandle information, leading to 
severe security incidents. The Issuer has implemented stringent access controls and continuous monitoring 
of activities within its network to detect and prevent such insider threats. 
In anticipation of future regulations that may introduce new compliance challenges, the Issuer remains 
vigilant and proactive in adapting its cybersecurity policies and practices. This forward-looking approach 
is designed to ensure continued compliance with evolving regulatory requirements, safeguarding the 
Issuer's operations and its stakeholders' interests. The Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA) creates 
a regulatory framework for financial institutions on digital operational resilience to respond to and recover 
from all types of Information Communication Technologies (ICT) related disruptions and threats. These 
requirements are homogenous across all EU member states and are expected to enter into force early 2025. 
Non-compliance by the Issuer with new regulations could lead to administrative penalties or remedial 
measures, as well as criminal penalties under national law. Such increased regulatory engagement, 
supervision and enforcement is uncertain in relation to the scope, cost, consequence and the pace of change, 
which may adversely affect the Issuer's future results, financial condition and/or prospects. 
In accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Issuer is required to ensure it 
implements timely, appropriate and effective organisational and technological safeguards against 
unauthorised or unlawful access to the data of the Issuer, its customers and its employees. In order to meet 
this requirement, the Issuer places a high priority on employee training and awareness programs to combat 
phishing and other forms of social engineering attacks. Recognising that a well-informed workforce is a 
critical defence layer, these programs aim to equip employees with the knowledge and tools necessary to 
identify and respond to cybersecurity threats effectively. The Issuer relies on the effectiveness of its internal 
policies, controls and procedures to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information held 
on its IT systems, networks and devices as well as with third parties with whom the Issuer interacts. A 
failure to monitor and manage data in accordance with the requirements of the applicable legislation may 
result in financial losses, regulatory fines and investigations and associated reputational damage. 
Risks associated with regulatory requirements and the Issuer's legal obligations 
The Issuer's business operations are subject to a large number of laws and regulations concerning banking 
operations and financial services and the Issuer is subject to stringent, constantly increasing and changing 
regulation and supervision, which means that the Issuer may be subject to intervention from the regulatory 
authorities and there is no assurance that the Issuer will be found fully compliant with all applicable laws 
and regulations. 
The regulation applicable to banks and in the financial sector generally has been constantly tightening and 
the powers of the regulators have been widening since the economic crises of 2008-2009. Further regulatory 
changes are expected for 2024, both known and currently undetermined, including in areas such as reporting 
(for example, more comprehensive reporting on sustainability and capital adequacy), payment and 
settlement systems, digital resilience, and supervision. These changes can have an impact on capital and 
liquidity requirements for banking operations, for example, and can lead to further costs and obligations 
for the Issuer. Changes may also be imposed on rules governing how the Issuer runs its business. New 
regulation may force the Issuer to reduce its level of risk, its volume of business and the lending ratio in 
some operations. New regulation also generally increases the administrative burden, resulting in increased 
costs and lower profitability. 
In recent years, an array of environmental, social and governance ("ESG") related legislation has entered 
into force and will enter into force in the coming years, affecting the Issuer's activities and the volume of 
applicable requirements. Given the complexity of new ESG-related laws and regulations, and as they have 
been introduced only recently, there is a risk that the Issuer may fail to comply with all such ESG-related 
regulatory requirements on time. Failure to comply with such ESG requirements may have an adverse 
impact on the Issuer through the imposition of fines and other regulatory sanctions as well as through 
reputational damage. 
Measures taken by the authorities or unfavourable decisions in disputes with the authorities could also result 
in fines or restrictions and limits being imposed on the Issuer's business operations and give cause for 
negative publicity. Breaches against competition or data protection laws can also result in severe monetary 
sanctions.

--- Page 22 ---
- 13 - 
Retail banking being a significant business segment of the Issuer, any tightening of consumer protection 
laws or the interpretation thereof by courts or other competent authorities could result in lower profitability 
of certain of its products and services, which may impair its ability to offer certain products and services or 
to enforce certain clauses and thus have an adverse effect on the results of operations or its competitive 
position. 
Likewise, limitations imposed by, and the cost of compliance with the rules imposed by MiFID II and 
related legislation, and further future regulatory changes may result in further limitations, increased cost 
and lower profitability of the Issuer's retail banking business involving financial instruments. This may 
have a negative impact on the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations in relation to Notes issued under 
this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore, banking activities are largely dependent on contractual relationships. Customers and 
counterparties to agreements that any member of the Issuer has entered into may submit claims against the 
Issuer or its subsidiaries that can lead to disputes and legal action. Such demands may, for example, concern 
liability towards customers with regard to the sale of unsuitable products or with regard to incorrect advice. 
If the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries is deemed to have neglected its duties, it may be liable to pay damages. 
Any legal action against any member of the Issuer can also have a negative impact on the Issuer's reputation, 
which in turn could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
If any of the risks set out above were realised, this could have a significant adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business operations, its performance or its financial position. 
Risks associated with abuse of the financial system 
The regulations applicable to the financial sector on the prevention of money laundering ("ML"), corruption 
and terrorism financing ("TF") have been and are subject to ongoing tightening. In global terms, the risk 
that banks may become the subject of or be exploited for the purposes of money laundering or the financing 
of terrorism has increased. The risk of future incidents involving money laundering or financing of terrorism 
is always on the agenda for financial institutions. Any breach of the rules that aim to prevent the illegal 
exploitation of the financial system or even the suspicion of such infringements could have grave legal 
consequences for the Issuer and its reputation, which, in turn, could have a significant adverse effect on the 
Issuer. 
Regardless of the risk mitigation measures that the Issuer is taking, there can be no assurance that the anti-
money laundering ("AML") and combating the financing of terrorism ("CFT") measures of the Issuer are 
and have in the past been at all times sufficient and there will be no proceedings, investigations or 
allegations involving the Issuer. 
The Issuer is committed to continuously applying sufficient enhancement and maintenance operations on 
supporting systems. However, there is a risk that the Issuer's screening and monitoring approach, supporting 
processes and systems may not fully prevent the execution or facilitation of transaction(s) which have 
exposure to money laundering and/or terrorism financing offences. 
The Issuer monitors transactions according to predefined scenarios and thresholds, however, there is a risk 
that the Issuer may not be able to detect all the patterns and occurrences in a customer's behaviour which 
indicate breaches of AML laws on the part of the customer. 
The Issuer has developed a regular reporting routine and has defined additional need-based escalation topics 
to Issuer's Management containing both qualitative and quantitative components. Nevertheless, risks may 
arise where the Issuer has not sufficiently defined the content of reporting principles. The occurrence and 
realisation of the above-mentioned risks could have a severely negative impact on the Issuer, its financial 
standing, reputation and business due to the enforcement activities of state supervisory authorities and 
adverse public opinion. 
Risks associated with regulatory requirements with respect to sanctions 
International sanctions have become increasingly complex in recent years as a response to Russia's invasion 
of Ukraine. As a Baltic bank, this has brought a number of challenges for the Issuer to ensure effective and 
timely compliance with sanctions laws and regulations.

--- Page 23 ---
- 14 - 
The key challenges arise due risk of sanctions circumvention as high number of industries are being 
impacted by economic sanctions. The Issuer is vulnerable to such risks because of its geographical footprint 
(the proximity of the Baltic countries to Russia and Belarus), as well as historical ties and dependencies of 
Baltic countries' business with Russia and/or Belarus. Regulators are now shifting their focus to the 
implementation of existing sanctions to ensure that controls are sufficiently strong to mitigate any risks. 
This requires the Issuer to approach sanctions risks on multiple levels: from technical expertise on the 
movement of certain goods, complicated due diligence of control and ownership structures and following 
swift changes in the geopolitical landscape that drive changes to sanctions regimes. 
Looking ahead in 2024, introduction of further sanctions regimes (especially to combat the circumvention 
of sanctions) and enforcement actions throughout the world are expected (for example, the EU Parliament 
recently adopted Directive to criminalise EU sanctions breaches with much stronger punishments for 
violations). Because of the evolving complexity of sanctions regimes and sanctions evasion schemes there 
is a risk that the Issuer may not be able to adopt to changes quickly and detect the new patterns of sanctions 
evasion/circumvention which could lead to potential fines for sanctions breaches, regulatory criticism and 
reputational damage. 
Operational risks associated with business activities 
During the course of its operations, the Issuer is exposed to unexpected losses caused by the operational 
risk of inadequacy or failure of internal procedures, employees or systems or due to external risks including 
legal risk and reputational risk. This encompasses (i) internal risks including development and process 
failures, business interruptions or break-downs in information systems, particularly in the course of the 
technology transformation that the Issuer is undergoing, and (ii) external risk factors such as property 
damage and fraud by customers. 
The Issuer's business operations may be interrupted as a result of sudden and unforeseen events or 
vandalism, such as denial-of-service attacks against the bank's internet service, interruptions in the 
electricity supply and data communication systems, or fire and water damage. Risks to technology and 
cyber security evolve and change rapidly and require continued focus, monitoring and investment in 
preventative measures. These risks are also present when the Issuer relies on critical service providers 
(suppliers) or vendors or outsources certain activities, including with respect to the implementation of 
technologies and responding to regulatory and market changes. 
The Issuer makes every reasonable effort to maintain the lowest possible operational risk level. The 
effective management of operational risks is critical to meeting customer service expectations and retaining 
and attracting customer business. Although the Issuer has implemented risk controls and mitigation actions 
and devoted resources to mitigating operational risk, such measures may not be effective in controlling 
each of the operational risks faced by the Issuer. Ineffective management of such risks or any inadequate 
or failed internal or external risk-related processes could have a number of adverse effects on the Issuer's 
financial condition and on its reputation. 
Risks associated with interest rates sensitivity 
Interest rate risk is the risk of loss or reduction of future net income following changes in interest rates, 
including the price risk connected to the sale of assets or closing of positions. In the normal course of 
business, the interest rate risk arises due to timing differences in the maturity (for fixed rate) and repricing 
(for floating rate) of the Issuer's assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items. 
Changes in interest rates can affect the Issuer as such changes can have a disproportionate or unexpected 
impact on the return on interest-bearing assets or the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, or otherwise have a 
negative effect on the Issuer's financing costs. An increase in interest rates can also affect demand for 
housing loans and other loan products as customers incur increased loan costs. The Issuer has mostly 
floating-rate assets which are actively managed and partly hedged to reduce interest rate risk, either through 
matched funding or through interest rate swap agreements. Whilst the Issuer aims to mitigate interest rate 
risk, there can be no assurance that such hedging will be effective in eliminating substantially all interest 
rate risk. The Issuer maintains a liquidity portfolio of fixed-income securities, which mainly include 
government bonds and covered bonds. Market fluctuations (in interest rates and credit spreads) and 
volatility may adversely affect the fair value of these instruments. ,and may not be fully reflected in the 
Issuer's financial statements due to the accounting rules.

--- Page 24 ---
- 15 - 
The principal risk for Issuer's fixed-income portfolio is credit spread risk, meaning that Issuer could 
experience losses in the event of sudden and material deteriorations in the credit quality of securities held 
within its fixed-income securities portfolios. 
It is difficult to anticipate changes in the market situation and to predict the impact that these changes could 
have. Volatility in interest rates may result in unexpected outcomes both for interest income and asset and 
liability valuations which may adversely affect the Issuer. Material change in interest rates and the Issuer's 
inability to maintain interest rate margins may result in lower net income and could have a material adverse 
effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. Whilst the Issuer aims to 
mitigate interest rate risk, there can be no assurance that such hedging will be effective in eliminating 
substantially all interest rate risk. 
Risks associated with liquidity and dependence on external sources 
The Issuer's business is reliant on its ability to finance its current operations at reasonable terms and meet 
its obligations as these fall due. The Issuer's loan portfolio has, on average, a longer maturity than the 
Issuer's funding base. The Issuer considers that it has an appropriate funding structure to meet short-term 
and long-term requirements for liquidity management set by regulators. 
In recent years, there have been considerable fluctuations in the overall economic and capital market 
conditions in EU, which has increased uncertainty in the markets and concern about the development of the 
regional economy. Luminor operates in Baltic countries, where the political risk from surrounding countries 
can lead to indirect contagion risk that will have impact on funding pricing. 
Therefore access to, and the cost of, financing raised by the Issuer through money and capital markets are 
affected, among other things, by general interest rate levels, geopolitical risks, the situation on the financial 
markets, or a downturn in the performance of market participants and the Issuer's own capital adequacy and 
credit ratings. 
The Issuer funds itself mostly from deposits from retail and corporate customers. The volume of such 
liquidity is, however, dependent on factors that are beyond the Issuer's control, such as changes in 
household savings  rates, the propensity to save by making bank deposits. The Issuer's liquidity position 
may also be affected negatively by a large unexpected outflow of deposits. The liquidity and funding plan 
of the Issuer is based on assumptions about client behaviour (the deposit base and durations of such 
deposits), especially with regard to the trend of short-term deposits. Even in critical, exceptional situations 
there is a risk that the relevant behavioural assumptions used for the simulation scenarios prove to be 
incorrect, resulting in considerable unplanned liquidity outflows. The Issuer implements and maintains 
liquidity risk management strategy to maintain a low liquidity risk profile. However, failure to refinance 
maturing wholesale funding on sufficiently favourable terms may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business operations, its performance or its financial position. 
In addition to deposits, the Issuer has raised funding from capital markets through the issuance of covered 
bonds and unsecured senior bonds. Economic uncertainties driven by geopolitical tensions, European 
Central Banks' rapid tightening of monetary policy, could limit the Issuer's ability to refinance maturing 
liabilities, access additional sources of funding and/or increase the Issuer's cost of funds (whether in the 
capital markets or via customer deposits). This could result in higher funding costs and failure to comply 
with regulatory capital and funding requirements. 
There can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to obtain additional funding as and when required or 
at prices that will not affect its ability to compete effectively and, if the Issuer is forced to sell assets to meet 
its funding requirements, it may suffer material losses as a result and the Issuer's ability to meet its 
obligations under the Notes may be affected. 
Risks associated with the credit ratings of the Issuer 
The Issuer's credit ratings do not always mirror the risk related to individual Notes under the 
Programme. 
Currently, the Issuer has a rating from Moody's. Any credit rating agency may lower its ratings or withdraw 
the rating if, in the sole judgement of the credit rating agency, the credit quality of the Issuer has declined 
or is in question. In addition, at any time a credit rating agency may revise its relevant rating methodology 
with the result that, among other things, any rating assigned to the Issuer may be lowered. If any of the

--- Page 25 ---
- 16 - 
ratings assigned to the Issuer is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Notes may be reduced. 
Furthermore, such ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, 
and other factors that may affect the financial standing of the Issuer. Accordingly, a credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at 
any time. The Issuer's ratings may also decline if any of the sovereign credit ratings of Estonia, Latvia or 
Lithuania is downgraded regardless of any direct correlation with the Issuer's activities. 
The Issuer can at any time choose to stop cooperating with the relevant credit rating agency, which would 
result in the Notes no longer being rated, unless the Issuer chooses to be rated by one or several other credit 
rating agencies. A decline in the rating of the Issuer or withdrawal of the rating by a rating agency may 
have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 
Risk associated with regulatory capital requirements 
The Issuer is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank through the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism ("SSM"), which provides for minimum levels of regulatory capital, which are comparable with 
those of other significant banks in the European Union. If the Issuer were to fail to maintain its ratios, this 
may result in administrative actions or sanctions against it which may impact the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. 
The final versions of the Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (as amended from time to time including by 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council, the "CRR") and the Directive 
of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms (as amended from time to time, including by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, the "CRD") entered into force in 2014, with Estonian implementation 
through the Estonian Credit Institutions Act taking place in the same year, and as amended from time to 
time. Each of the CRR and the CRD (together with any CRD implementing measures, the "CRD Package") 
covers a wide range of prudential requirements for banks across EU member states, including capital 
requirements, determination of risk exposure, leverage ratio, large exposure framework, and liquidity and 
funding requirements. The CRD Package covers the overall supervisory framework for banks (including 
the individual risk assessment) and other measures such as the combined capital buffer requirement, 
governance and remuneration requirements. 
The European Banking Authority (the "EBA") has published and is expected to continue to publish detailed 
rules through binding technical standards for many areas regulated by the CRD Package, including, inter 
alia, liquidity requirements and certain aspects of capital requirements. 
In addition to the so-called minimum own funds Pillar 1 requirements (the "minimum own funds 
requirement"), the CRD also regulates capital buffer requirements, which must be met with Common 
Equity Tier 1 capital. For the Issuer, the capital buffer requirement is comprised of two elements (referred 
to collectively as the "combined buffer"): (i) the capital conservation buffer; and (ii) the institution-specific 
countercyclical buffer. In addition, where a firm is deemed systemically important either globally or in its 
domestic jurisdiction, the CRD permits national competent authorities to set additional buffers, like 
systemic risk buffer, Globally Systemically Important Institution (G-SII) or Other Systemically Important 
Institution (O-SII) buffer. 
In addition to the minimum own funds requirements, the CRD contemplates that competent authorities may 
require additional "Pillar 2" capital to be maintained by a credit institution relating to elements of risks 
which are not fully captured by the minimum own funds requirements (the "additional own funds 
requirements") or to address macro-prudential requirements. 
The EBA shall continue to publish guidelines addressed to national supervisors on common procedures and 
methodologies for the supervisory review and evaluation process ("SREP") including guidelines proposing 
a common approach to determining the amount and composition of additional own funds requirements. 
Under these guidelines, national supervisors should set a composition requirement for the additional own 
funds requirements to cover certain risks, of at least 56 per cent. Common Equity Tier 1 capital and at least 
75 per cent. of Tier 1 capital. Typically, the ECB has mandated that all SSM-supervised firms must meet 
the additional capital requirements (known as the "Pillar 2 requirement" or "P2R") entirely through the 
use of CET1 resources.

--- Page 26 ---
- 17 - 
In 2016, SREP development introduced the so-called Pillar 2 guidance (that should be covered from CET1). 
The capital demand resulting from the SREP since then consists of two parts: 
• 
Pillar 2 requirement or P2R, which covers risks underestimated or not covered by Pillar 1. 
• 
Pillar 2 guidance or P2G, which indicates to banks the adequate level of capital to be maintained 
in order to have sufficient capital as a buffer to withstand stressed situations, in particular as 
assessed on the basis of the adverse scenario in the supervisory stress tests. 
While P2R is binding and breaches can have direct legal consequences for banks, P2G is not legally binding. 
Nevertheless, the ECB expects banks to comply with P2G as well. 
The CRD Package has been subject to several reforms intended to further strengthen the resilience of EU 
banks, among others, the reform of the CRR and the CRD (together the "CRR II and CRD V Package"), 
the latter of which was transposed into Estonian law in 2021. The CRR II and CRD V Package covers 
multiple areas, including the pillar 2 framework, the leverage ratio, mandatory restrictions on distributions, 
permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities and macro-prudential tools, the framework for 
MREL and the integration of the TLAC standard into EU legislation. Further, a separate asset class of "non 
preferred" senior debt was introduced by the Directive 2017/2399/EU (the "Creditor Hierarchy 
Directive") which has been implemented in Estonia through the Estonian Credit Institutions Act which 
stipulates, among other things, the ranking of "non-preferred" senior debt in the bankruptcy of a credit 
institution. In late 2023, the preparatory bodies of the European Parliament and of the Council of the 
European Union endorsed the draft legislative acts for further amendments to the CRR and the CRD for the 
purposes of implementation of certain final elements of the international Basel III agreement (the "CRR 
III and CRD VI Package") and for further strengthening the prudential framework. If implemented, the 
CRR III and CRD VI Package will bring new requirements for the calculation of risk weighted assets for 
credit risk, operational risk, CVA (Credit Valuation Adjustment) risk and partly also market risk. The CRR 
III and CRD VI Package is envisaged to be adopted by the second trimester of 2024, with an expected 
application date of 2025 may result in higher capital requirements as well as high implementation costs. 
Any failure by the Issuer to satisfy the regulatory capital requirements, liquidity requirements and other 
requirements applied to the Issuer, and any further increases in such requirements, could result in regulatory 
intervention or sanctions or significant reputation harm, which may have material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's financial condition, results of operation and prospects. 
Risks associated with tax regulation 
The Issuer is exposed to tax risks associated with changes in tax rates or tax legislation or the incorrect 
interpretation of the rules and regulations in force. If tax risks are realised, this could lead to an increase in 
taxes or penalties which, in turn, could cause financial losses for the Issuer. 
Since 2018, Estonia has enforced a system of taxation of profits of credit institutions. Under this regime the 
system of the taxation of profits of credit institutions has changed significantly, resulting in profits being 
taxed quarterly at a rate of 14 per cent. The rate will increase to 18 per cent from 2025. This measure only 
affects financial institutions that are profitable and the advance payment of corporate income tax will be 
taken into account when calculating an institution's tax liability arising from dividend distributions. From 
2025, income tax on dividend distribution will increase from the current 20 per cent to 22 per cent that may 
have an adverse impact on the corporate income tax cost for the Issuer. Estonia will not apply the global 
minimum tax based on Council Directive (EU) 2022/2523 until the year 2030. Until that time, companies 
falling within the scope of the global minimum tax will be subject to reporting obligation. Although there 
have been discussions in Estonia on a potential new tax in respect of banks' profits, no action has currently 
been taken to introduce such tax. 
In Latvia, the tax environment has remained relatively stable since the introduction of the new corporate 
income tax regime ("CIT") in 2018 . Under this regime, CIT is only applicable to distributed profits (actual 
or deemed), while retained and reinvested profits are not subject to tax. Following amendments to the 
Latvian Corporate Income Tax Law (passed on 7 December 2023, effective from 1 January 2024), Latvian 
credit institutions and branches of foreign credit institutions will be required to pay a CIT surcharge at a 
rate of 20 per cent. This surcharge will be applied to the profit (excluding flow-through dividends, profits 
from the sale of shares held for at least 36 months, and profit distributed and taxed as interim dividends) 
earned in the pre-tax year (for example, in 2024 the surcharge will be payable from the 2023 profit),

--- Page 27 ---
- 18 - 
regardless of profit distribution. The CIT due upon profit distributions will be reduced by the surcharge 
paid. In essence, the surcharge will function to some extent as an advance CIT. Latvia will also need to 
transpose Council Directive (EU) 2022/2523 of 14 December 2022 concerning the global minimum tax. 
Despite demand for lower and simpler payroll taxes, no specific proposals have been put forward as yet, 
and it is unlikely that any amendments will become effective before 2025. 
In Lithuania, starting with the calculation of corporate income tax for the year 2022, an increased corporate 
income tax rate of 20 per cent is applied on taxable profits of banks exceeding the threshold of EUR 2 
million. 
On 16 May 2023, the Lithuanian Parliament passed the Law on Temporary Solidarity Contribution (valid 
until 17 June 2025), which stipulates an agreement to channel part of the banks' windfall net interest income 
to finance projects of military mobility and military transport infrastructure. According to the new Law, 
this contribution shall be paid by banks established in the Republic of Lithuania in accordance with the 
Law on Banks, branches of banks licensed in the member states of the European Union ("EU") and member 
states of the EEA and foreign banks, and financial groups of central credit unions operating in accordance 
with the Law on Central Credit Unions. The base of the solidarity contribution is 50 per cent. of the net 
interest income (calculated by applying a special coefficient) which exceeds the average net interest income 
of the previous four years (i.e., 2018-2021 for FY2023 and 2019-2022 for FY2024.). The contribution is 
levied at a rate of 60 per cent. and shall be paid for the years 2023 and 2024. 
The implementation of global minimum corporate taxation (EU member states have implemented relevant 
measures or an exception from 2024) may adversely impact the Issuer’s profitability and the Issuer’s 
business, should the Issuer qualify for the relevant regime. 
The Issuer is unable to predict future changes to any of the laws or regulations applicable to its businesses 
or their interpretation and the level of the tax payable by the Issuer. The introduction of any such changes 
in taxation or new regulatory requirements may adversely impact the Issuer's business, prospects, financial 
condition and profitability. 
Risks associated with business development initiatives and digital innovation 
The banking markets in the Baltics are competitive. The Issuer is constantly exploring ways meet its 
customers' demands, develop and streamline its operations, and improve its financial performance. 
Increasingly, many of the products and services offered by the Issuer are, and will become, more technology 
intensive, including through digitalisation and the use of artificial intelligence. 
There can be no certainty that the Issuer's innovation strategy, which includes investment in its IT capability 
intended to address the increase in customer use of online and mobile technology for banking, will be 
successful or that it will allow the Issuer to continue to maintain or grow such services in the future. The 
Issuer may not be able to manage service provision ahead of rising customer expectations or may have 
competitors who are more successful in meeting demand for digital banking services, which could affect 
its ability to attract and retain customers. 
The Issuer will continue exploring and implementing other business development initiatives. The Issuer 
may fail to identify future opportunities or derive benefits from disruptive technologies in the context of 
rapid technological innovation, changing customer behaviour and growing regulatory demands, resulting 
in increased competition from traditional banking businesses. 
Although the Issuer invests in new technologies, such investments may be insufficient or ineffective, 
especially given the Issuer's focus on cost efficiencies. This may limit additional investment in areas such 
as innovation and could affect the Issuer's offering of innovative products or technologies for delivering 
products or services to customers and its competitive position. Furthermore, the development of innovative 
products depends on the Issuer's ability to produce underlying high-quality data, failing which its ability to 
offer innovative products may be compromised. 
Moreover, there is a risk that such initiatives and changes may result in inefficiencies, stoppages or delays 
in the Issuer's operations, negatively affect the Issuer's customers' satisfaction (potentially leading to loss 
of clients), reputation and awareness of the Issuer's brand. There can be no certainty that such initiatives 
will deliver the expected cost savings and investment in automated processes will likely also result in

--- Page 28 ---
- 19 - 
increased short-term costs. The occurrence of any such effect could have a material adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 
Risks associated with the Issuer's human resources 
The Issuer's performance is dependent on the talents and efforts of skilled individuals. The employees have 
a high workload and planning of resources is required with a need to prioritise both business and regulatory-
driven developments while simultaneously managing day-to-day operations. Increased staff-related risks 
could materially adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer's ability to compete effectively depends on its ability to attract and retain employees. 
Competition from within and outside the financial services industry is intense. This may impact the Issuer's 
ability to take advantage of business opportunities, potential efficiencies, or profitably manage its existing 
or new assets. 
Risks associated with counterparty credit risk and the presence of derivatives in the portfolio 
The Issuer's counterparty credit risk represents the potential cost to replace derivative contracts if 
counterparties fail to meet their obligations. The Issuer assesses counterparties to control the level of credit 
risk taken and counterparty credit risk is managed primarily through limits, use of collateral and daily 
valuation of exposures. 
There is, however, no guarantee that the Issuer will succeed in correctly estimating the risk that occurs in 
relation to derivative contracts, which may mean that the security arrangements entered into between the 
Issuer and its counterparties to hedge against counterparty risk are insufficient. Errors can also occur in 
relation to valuation of transactions and the managing of collateral arrangements, which can lead to the 
outcome of the arrangement being different than intended. If these risks are realised, this could have a 
significant adverse effect on the Issuer's business operations, its performance or its financial position. 
The Issuer also provides to its customers market risk hedging instruments (such as FX and IR derivative 
instruments). Market risk hedging instruments enable corporate clients to manage their foreign exchange 
and interest rate risk. As a consequence of the Issuer's transactions in financial instruments, including 
foreign exchange rate and derivative contracts, it is also exposed to settlement risk. Settlement risk is the 
risk of losing the principal on a financial contract due to default by the counterparty after the Issuer has 
given irrevocable instructions for a transfer of a principal amount or security, but before receipt of the 
corresponding payment or security has been finally confirmed. 
Any failure in the future by a material counterparty could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 
Litigation and disputes 
In the ordinary course of its business, the Issuer is exposed to a significant risk of claims, disputes and legal 
proceedings. In many cases, the Issuer will be the plaintiff, typically seeking to recover money advanced 
and it may not always be successful in this endeavour and, even where it is successful, the costs involved 
in the litigation will reduce its recoveries. In cases where the Issuer is a defendant, in addition to the cost 
of defending the claim the Issuer may be required to pay significant damages and the dispute could also 
negatively affect the Issuer's reputation. Any such damages or reputational harm, or any associated fines or 
other penalties, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business and financial position. 
Risks associated with possible company or portfolio acquisitions 
To compete effectively, the Issuer may decide to acquire or merge with companies or their portfolios in the 
future, in order to expand its business operations, for example, or to have new resources at its disposal. 
Growth built on company or portfolio acquisitions is associated with certain risks, such as assessing the 
feasibility of planned investments and the integration of the business operations and new employees 
acquired. If the Issuer does not succeed in implementing such measures, future company acquisitions may 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business operations, its performance or its financial position.

--- Page 29 ---
- 20 - 
Risks associated with the market environment and macroeconomic conditions 
Risks associated with the general market environment and economic conditions in the Baltic countries 
The macroeconomic environment is the major driver of risk to Issuer results of operations and financial 
condition. Adverse conditions in the general economy and financial markets affect Issuer in a number of 
ways, including, among others, a decrease in the demand for certain loans, increased cost of funding, a 
decrease in net interest income, net interest margin and net fee and commission income, a deterioration in 
credit quality, an increase in loan provisioning levels, a decrease in prices of real property and financial 
assets held as collateral for loans, volatile fair values for bond investments portfolio, all of which may result 
lower profitability in future periods 
The economies of Estonia and the other Baltic countries are small open economies that are closely linked 
to the global economy and especially to the macroeconomic conditions in the Eurozone and Nordic 
countries and the geopolitical situation in the world. Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania are all members of the 
European Union and the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO). Any deterioration in the economic 
environment of the Baltic countries, or in the countries where its customers and counterparties operate, 
could have a direct negative impact on the Issuer's strategy, its growth potential, its fees and commissions, 
and profit margins and, consequently, could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
The direct effects of the Russian invasion of Ukraine on the Baltic states are limited. The recovery from  
COVID-19 was not yet complete when Russia invaded Ukraine in early 2022 and the prices of commodities, 
particularly energy and food prices, began to rise quickly, leading to high inflation and resulting in social 
hardship. As inflation in the Baltic countries has increased, this has created continuous upward pressure on 
wages and may reduce price competitiveness in the coming years. Sovereign debt spreads increased through 
2023, but have started to decline in 2024. Overall  financing conditions have deteriorated with increased 
regional risk sentiment. The high energy prices in 2022, following the imposition of extensive sanctions on 
Russia, while they somewhat eased during 2023, have had, and are expected to continue to have, an adverse 
effect on industry sectors in the Baltics. The Russian invasion of Ukraine, if escalated further, could result 
in further substantial geopolitical instability, trade restrictions, supply chain disruptions, increases in energy 
prices and inflationary pressure in the region, which could in turn have further adverse impacts on the 
regional and EU economic environment. 
Government debt levels are generally low in the Baltic countries, but countries have in recent years been 
running budget deficits. There is a need for fiscal consolidation in the coming years which could lead to 
higher taxes or weaker support of the economy through government consumption and investments. 
Monetary policy authorities have increased interest rates due to rising prices, but markets expect above-
target inflation rates for several more years. Although financial markets are expecting interest rates to 
decrease, the European Central Bank has so far been resistant to decreasing interest rates due to persistent 
wage inflation in the euro area. High interest rates for longer and local low inflation could increase real 
interest rates for the years ahead. Real estate prices increased above the level of wage increases in Estonia 
and Lithuania in 2023, leading to high price levels and low real estate purchasing power of households. 
Although house prices have been largely stable in the first quarter of 2024, there can be no assurance that 
house prices will not deteriorate, including as a result of further increases in interest rates, inflation, and 
unemployment or for other reasons. Estonian private sector indebtedness remains higher than Latvia and 
Lithuania and, combined with a greater exposure to the interest rate sensitive start-up sector, gross domestic 
product growth has lagged more in Estonia compared to its Baltic neighbours. 
Recent interest rate hikes have been passed by the Issuer to all customers having variable rate loans, which 
comprises a major part of the Issuer's loan portfolio (including mortgage portfolio). An increase in in 
interest rates and household indebtedness or unemployment and/or a decline in house prices could have an 
adverse effect on mortgage borrowers' ability to meet their mortgage obligations and could adversely affect 
the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
Though unemployment remains low, growth in the Baltic countries remains below potential. Should 
negative development in the economies in the Baltic countries continue , the demand for banking services 
may decrease and lead to a reduced net interest income from the banking business as well as reduced 
commissions from the asset management business.

--- Page 30 ---
- 21 - 
Weaker demand and any increase in unemployment may also lead to difficulties for the Issuer's customers 
in meeting their payment obligations, thereby causing increased disruptions in the repayments of loans, 
increased write-downs and loan losses. General consumer confidence and consumer spending would also 
be influenced by such a downward trend. Developments in the general operating environment are generally 
beyond the control of the Issuer's management however such adverse developments may lead to reductions 
in business activity, increased funding costs, decreased liquidity, decreased access to the wholesale funding 
markets, decreased financial asset values, decreased real estate prices, additional credit impairment losses 
and lower profitability and revenues, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, investors' demand for returns on the notes issued 
by the Issuer may increase even further, thus increasing the Issuer's refinancing costs and hampering the 
Issuer's refinancing options. 
Risks associated with the reputation of the Baltic countries 
Being a pan-Baltic bank, the Issuer is impacted by the international reputation and perception of the Baltics 
and how companies (especially financial institutions) from Baltic countries are generally perceived in other 
regions. 
In recent years, Baltic countries, and Baltic financial institutions specifically, have received attention due 
to the emergence of several money laundering allegations. 
Evaluation of Estonia by the Committee of Experts on the Evaluation of Anti-Money Laundering Measures 
and the Financing of Terrorism ("MONEYVAL") took place in 2022. Onsite visits were held from April 
until May 2022. In its Fifth Round Mutual Evaluation Report issued on 25 January 2023, MONEYVAL 
acknowledged that Estonia had demonstrated a substantial level of effectiveness in international 
cooperation, use of financial intelligence and implementation of the United Nations targeted financial 
sanctions on proliferation financing. The report finds that further improvements are needed in enhancing 
the understanding of ML/TF risks, the effectiveness of ML and TF investigations and prosecutions, 
confiscation of proceeds of crime, implementation of targeted financial sanctions on TF, application of 
AML/CFT preventative measures by the private sector, supervision and transparency of beneficial 
ownership of legal persons and legal arrangements. Significant ML/TF vulnerabilities are associated, in 
particular, with the e-Residency program (an Estonian government-issued digital identity solution for 
foreign citizens), company service providers (CSPs) and virtual asset service providers (VASPs). 
In 2018 MONEYVAL highlighted significant ML and TF risks in Latvia due to its role as a regional 
financial centre. Since then, Latvia has made progress, as evidenced by MONEYVAL's 2020 report 
acknowledging improvements in AML/CFT measures. Although the Financial Action Task Force 
("FATF") recognised Latvia’s efforts in establishing a robust financial crime prevention system in the same  
year, MONEYVAL maintained enhanced follow-up. 
Despite ongoing efforts, the latest evaluation results won't be available until 2025, leaving Latvia reliant on 
outdated assessments. In anticipation of the 6th evaluation round, Latvia aims to be the first country 
assessed, signalling its commitment to compliance. International organisations have commended Latvia's 
efforts, emphasising the importance of continued reforms in the AML/CFT system. 
In early 2019, MONEYVAL issued a similar evaluation report on Lithuania. This report highlighted certain 
threats related to ML, including increased corruption, a significant shadow economy, evidence of organised 
crime and widespread use of cash. On 18 January 2023, MONEYVAL published its third follow-up report 
which stated that Lithuania had improved its AML/CFT measures and Lithuania is expected to report back 
to MONEYVAL on further progress to strengthen its implementation of AML/CFT measures in one year's 
time. 
Additionally, eight countries (Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Iceland, Latvia, Lithuania, Norway and Sweden) 
of the Nordic-Baltic Constituency of the International Monetary Fund (the "IMF") have voluntarily taken 
the initiative to engage the IMF to conduct a regional analysis of ML and TF threats and vulnerabilities. 
The IMF begun its work in January 2021 and on 11 July 2021 published its report on Lithuania, identifying 
that the Lithuanian AML/CFT framework requires further strengthening to respond to the increasing ML 
and TF risks from non-resident activity and further efforts are needed to mitigate ML risks in the financial 
sector, particularly from the dynamic and growing FinTech sector.

--- Page 31 ---
- 22 - 
On 4 September 2023 the IMF released its Regional Nordic-Baltic Technical Assistance Report on 
"Financial Flows Analysis, AML/CFT Supervision, and Financial Stability", which analyses selected 
aspects of the Nordic-Baltic region's AML/CFT regimes. In the report all three Baltic states have been 
analysed: 
For Estonia, it has been noted that aggregate cross-border financial flows have begun to grow in recent 
years, whereas the composition thereof has changed significantly. While the shares of G7 and EU countries 
have increased in line with the cross-country economic linkages, the shares of the Commonwealth of 
Independent States (CIS) countries and International Financial Centers (IFCs) have decreased. The IMF 
has concluded that the financial flows with most of Estonia's top-10 payments counterparties are explained 
by the economic fundamentals. Meanwhile the IFCs account for a third of all jurisdictions with flows 
insufficiently explained by the fundamentals. The IMF has further concluded that the EFSA inspection 
coverage appears adequate, however authorities could consider outlining the ML/TF risks in the banking 
sector and directly linking those to the supervisory strategy in a more detailed manner. 
For Latvia, the aggregate payment flows have shifted significantly with sharp reductions in transactions 
involving CIS and IFCs, lowering the overall ML risk. The EU and Nordic-Baltic countries, notably 
Lithuania, Germany, and Estonia, are now primary payment counterparts, reducing ML risks. However, 
outlier activities persist in transactions with specific countries and IFCs, indicating ongoing risks. Payments 
with countries such as Estonia, Sweden, Finland, Poland, and Russia (almost halted since the invasion of 
Ukraine)  align with economic fundamentals. However, inflows from Lithuania, outflows to Germany and 
the United Kingdom, and transactions with certain IFCs show outlier activity. Additionally, some IFCs 
exhibit outlier payment patterns or accelerating trends. Despite increasing payments, transactions with 
several CIS and Balkan countries lack sufficient explanation based on economic fundamentals. It has been 
concluded that Latvia’s regulator has enhanced its supervisory approach and resources to combat potential 
ML risks effectively. 
For Lithuania, in line with the economic cross-country linkages, EU and G7 countries remain Lithuania's 
largest payments counterparties. The country's increased cross border and non-resident activity, facilitated 
by Fintech payment and electronic money institutions, merits closer scrutiny from ML/TF risk perspective. 
The IMF has noted that accelerating flows in both directions with the U.K., Lithuania's main payments 
counterparty, as well as outflows to Switzerland, are insufficiently explained by the fundamentals. 
Meanwhile, Lithuania has low level of financial flows with FATF and EC higher-risk countries and minimal 
flows with target territories. In contrast, IFCs are the largest grouping of jurisdictions with increasing 
financial flows with Lithuania, insufficiently explained by the fundamentals. While flows with CIS 
countries have substantially decreased since the invasion of Ukraine, Lithuania has increased payments, 
insufficiently explained by the fundamentals, with several CIS countries. The IMF has highlighted that 
Lithuania's sizeable and rapidly growing virtual asset sector poses significant ML/TF risks. While the latest 
legal framework amendments have increased requirements for VASPs, in practice, there is no market entry 
control in place. 
No allegations related to ML have been made against the Issuer. However, even where the Issuer is not 
accused of any breach of AML requirements, allegations regarding other Baltic financial institutions may 
still affect the Issuer, as far as these affect the reputation of the Baltics and Baltic financial institutions in 
general. This may pose the risk that the Issuer may not be able to raise funding from international markets 
or may only be able to raise funding on less favourable terms. There is also a risk that some of the Issuer's 
direct or indirect counterparties (e.g. correspondent banks) and/or customers may wish to terminate or limit 
the scope of their business relationships with Baltic financial institutions, including the Issuer, or subject 
Baltic financial institutions, including the Issuer, to more rigorous control. Furthermore, it is possible that 
the Issuer's business partners or public authorities may apply mandatory enhanced due diligence measures 
against financial institutions established and/or operating in any or all of the Baltic countries, thus affecting 
business operations of the Issuer. 
Risks associated with competition in the Issuer's business areas 
The Baltic financial market is competitive. The Issuer primarily faces competition in its universal banking 
activities, where its competitors include large Scandinavian banking groups. In particular, taking into 
account the large investments made by other banks in new technologies, the Issuer faces increasing 
competition in digital solutions and mobile banking.

--- Page 32 ---
- 23 - 
High levels of competition in the banking industry could also lead to increased pricing pressure on the 
Issuer's products and services, which would have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and results of operations of the Issuer. In particular, increased competition for deposits may lead 
to a higher loans-to-deposit ratio and an increase of the Issuer's cost of funding. 
Moreover, new entrants such as FinTech companies are also increasingly competing for customers and 
market share. The developing relationships between FinTech companies and traditional banks is a 
significant trend and may have a great impact on the existing market structure for banking services. 
There is no guarantee that the Issuer's strategies will be sufficiently competitive or that such strategies will 
meet customer needs and expectations in the future as competition increases, or that they will otherwise be 
successful. Additionally, changes in business strategy entail risks of their own, including in relation to 
operational risks, risks of insufficient training of personnel and IT risks. 
The Issuer's business plan is reviewed and updated regularly. Furthermore, if a future sale of the Issuer 
were to take place, the strategy of the Issuer may then change, depending on who the (new) acquirer(s) 
might be. 
If the Issuer fails to respond to the competitive environment in its target markets by offering attractive and 
profitable product and services, it may affect the Issuer's competitiveness, its market shares, its growth 
potential, its customer base and, consequently, could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Risks associated with the Notes 
Modification and waivers 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote 
upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting, or as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution including those Noteholders who voted 
in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Furthermore, the Conditions of the Notes provide that the Notes, the Conditions of the Notes and the Deed 
of Covenant may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a 
manifest error or to comply with any amendments, updates and/or modifications to the ECBA or any other 
applicable legislation passed after the date hereof by or on behalf of the Republic of Estonia or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to make such amendment, update 
and/or modification, which impacts the Issuer's obligations in relation to the Notes or the Covered Bond 
Portfolio. The Issuer cannot foresee, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, what such changes may entail, 
however, any changes made will be binding on Noteholders. 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 9(n)(i)(C) (Redemption and Purchase – Extension of maturity to 
Extended Maturity Date), the Issuer may amend, by a notice to the Covered Bondholders, the circumstances 
in which such automatic extension can apply if it determines that such circumstances qualify as permitted 
conditions for automatic extension of maturity under the ECBA (as in force at the relevant time). See the 
risk factor entitled "Extended Maturity of the Covered Bonds" below for further information. 
Credit risk of the Issuer 
An investment in the Notes is subject to credit risk, which means that the Issuer may fail to meet its 
obligations arising from the Notes duly and in a timely manner. The Issuer's ability to meet its obligations 
arising from the Notes and the ability of the holders of the Notes to receive payments arising from the Notes 
depends on the financial position and the results of operations of the Issuer, which are subject to other risks 
described in this Base Prospectus. The Notes are not bank deposits in the Issuer and are not guaranteed by 
the Deposit Guarantee Fund (in Estonian: Tagatisfond). 
No ownership rights 
An investment into the Notes is an investment into debt instruments, which does not confer any legal or 
beneficial interest in the equity of the Issuer or any of the subsidiaries thereof or any voting rights or rights 
to receive dividends or other rights which may arise from equity instruments. The Notes represent an

--- Page 33 ---
- 24 - 
unsecured debt obligation of the Issuer (or, with respect to the Covered Bonds, a debt obligation covered 
by the assets in the Cover Pool), granting the Noteholders only such rights as set forth in the Note Terms. 
The value of the Notes might be affected by the actions of the shareholder of the Issuer over which the 
investors do not have control. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
There can be no assurance that a liquid market for the Notes will be maintained. The investors may find it 
difficult to sell their Notes or to sell them at prices producing a return comparable to returns on similar 
investments in the secondary market. 
The Notes are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently no active 
trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and 
form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If a market does develop, it may not 
be very liquid. Therefore, no liquidity of any market in the Notes can be assured; nor the ability of the 
holders of the Notes to sell their Notes or the prices at which they would be able to sell their Notes. 
If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may be traded at a discount or at a premium to their 
initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general 
economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. It is possible that the market for the Notes 
will be subject to disruptions or volatility. Any such disruption or volatility may have a negative effect on 
holders of either series of the Notes, regardless of the Issuer's prospects and financial performance. As a 
result, there is no assurance that there will be an active trading market for the Notes. If no active trading 
market develops, you may not be able to resell your holding of the Notes at a fair value, if at all. 
Although an application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to listing on Euronext Dublin there 
can be no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so 
admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the 
development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes.  
Exchange rates and exchange controls 
The Issuer will predominantly pay principal and interest on the Notes in Euro (the "Specified Currency"). 
This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if a holder of the Notes financial activities is 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes 
due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) 
the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, holders of the Notes may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with or senior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue that ranks senior to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes or on the amount of securities that it may issue that rank pari passu 
with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities may 
reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders in the event of voluntary or involuntary liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Interest rate risks 
An investment in the Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of the Notes. Particularly long-term fixed-rate Notes involve a high risk of a material decline 
in value if the market rate exceeds the rate paid in accordance with the fixed-rate Notes. On the other hand, 
holders of Notes that are subject to redemption at the option of the Issuer should not expect, in case of

--- Page 34 ---
- 25 - 
falling market rates, that the price would substantially exceed the redemption price. The yield to maturity 
on the Notes is affected by a number of factors that cannot be predicted at the time of the investment. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in the 
event that the Issuer is, or will be, subject to additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges with 
respect to such Notes, or the Issuer is not, or will not, be entitled to claim a deduction in respect of payments 
in respect of such Notes as the case may be in computing its taxation liabilities (or the value of such 
deduction would be materially reduced), in either case as a result of any Change in Tax Law of the Taxing 
Jurisdiction which becomes effective or is announced on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series of Notes, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions 
and (in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted Senior Preferred Notes), 
subject to compliance with certain regulatory conditions and approval by the Competent Authority or 
Resolution Authority, as applicable (each as defined below). 
In the event that the Issuer is, has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any Change in Tax Law, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes, and such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in 
accordance with the Conditions and (in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes), subject to compliance with certain regulatory conditions and approval 
by the Competent Authority or Resolution Authority, as applicable (each as defined below). 
The Issuer may also be entitled to redeem in whole (but not in part) Subordinated Notes if a Capital Event 
or an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes if an MREL Disqualification Event occurs. 
In respect of Subordinated Notes, the regulatory conditions include the requirement under the CRD Package 
that, if such Notes are to be redeemed during the first five years after the issue date of the last tranche of 
any series of such Notes, the Issuer must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that 
the event triggering such redemption was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issue of the Notes 
and, in the case of an early redemption relating to the tax treatment of the Notes, that the adverse treatment 
is material and, in the case of an early redemption relating to a Capital Event, that such change is sufficiently 
certain. These foreseeability and materiality Conditions to Redemption contained in the CRD Package only 
apply to a redemption of Subordinated Notes occurring in the first five years after the issue date of the last 
tranche of any series of such Subordinated Notes and, therefore, an issuer of regulatory capital securities, 
such as the Subordinated Notes, could opt to redeem such Notes for tax or regulatory reasons after the fifth 
anniversary of issue, including based upon an event that occurred within the first five years of issue of the 
last tranche of any series of such Subordinated Notes. There can therefore be no assurances that 
Subordinated Notes will not be called for tax or regulatory reasons prior to any specified optional call date. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes 
are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances the Issuer may choose to redeem the 
Notes (subject, in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes to certain regulatory conditions and approvals) at times when prevailing interest rates 
may be relatively low. In such circumstances a holder of the Notes may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant 
Notes and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. The exercise of any optional redemption 
feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer may, or is 
perceived to be able to, elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
There may be no rights of set-off, netting or counterclaim 
Holders of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, shall 
not be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer 
in respect of such Notes. Therefore, such Noteholders will not be entitled (subject to applicable law) to set 
off the Issuer's obligations under such Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer.

--- Page 35 ---
- 26 - 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, holders 
of the Notes will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the 
Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes 
will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the 
circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, holders of the Notes will not be entitled to receive 
definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests 
in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, holders of the Notes 
will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
their participants. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note 
must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the 
relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in 
respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial 
interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action 
against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights 
under the Deed of Covenant. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rate or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to 
be implemented. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds became 
applicable from 1 January 2018. The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another 
benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in 
order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and such changes could (amongst other 
things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for 
reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of 
certain "benchmarks." 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term 
rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 
October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks 
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be 
further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark.

--- Page 36 ---
- 27 - 
The elimination of any benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, could 
require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further 
described in Condition 6(h) (Floating Rate Note Provisions - Benchmark Replacement)) or result in adverse 
consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose 
interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, 
even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates 
and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the 
relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) 
based on the same benchmark. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out below provide for certain fallback arrangements in the 
event that a published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any 
successor service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be 
determined by an independent adviser or the Issuer or set by reference to a reference bond rate, a successor 
rate or an alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted 
(if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant 
benchmark. However, any such adjustment may not be successful in eliminating economic prejudice or 
benefit and the Notes may still perform differently than they would if the original rate had remained in 
place. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in 
the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative 
reference rates and the involvement of an independent adviser or the relevant Issuer, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
In respect of any Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 capital, notwithstanding any provision of 
Condition 6(h) (Floating Rate Note Provisions - Benchmark Replacement), no Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and conditions of 
any Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the 
relevant Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 capital. 
In respect of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, notwithstanding any 
provision of Condition 6(h) (Floating Rate Note Provisions - Benchmark Replacement), no Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and 
conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to the extent that, 
in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice such Notes being 
MREL Eligible Liabilities (in each case for the purposes of, and in accordance with, the relevant Applicable 
Banking Regulations) or in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result 
in the Resolution Authority treating a future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of such Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date for the purposes of qualification as eligible liabilities and/or loss 
absorbing capacity of the Issuer. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under Floating Rate Notes or could 
have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under Floating Rate 
Notes. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
Floating Rate Notes and consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation, any of the international or national reforms and the 
possible application of the benchmarks replacement provisions on Notes in making any investment decision 
with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
The value of the Notes may be adversely affected by a negative change to an applicable Credit Rating 
Any adverse change in an applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price for the Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
- 28 - 
Credit Rating may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign a credit rating to the issue of Notes. The rating 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in 
this section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. In addition, other rating agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Notes. In 
such circumstances there can be no assurance that the unsolicited rating(s) will not be lower than the 
comparable solicited ratings assigned to the Notes, which could adversely affect the market value and 
liquidity of the Notes. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended) subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third 
country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by EEA-registered 
credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by 
a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.  
The Issuer may be subject to statutory resolution 
The Issuer as a credit institution falls under the scope of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (as amended by the Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council ("BRRD II"), the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD"). The BRRD sets out 
the necessary steps and powers to ensure that bank failures across the EU are managed in a way which 
mitigates the risk of financial instability and minimises costs for taxpayers. The BRRD is designed to 
provide authorities with a harmonised set of tools and powers to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in 
an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and 
economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial 
system. 
For this purpose, the BRRD grants supervisory authorities various rights including, but not limited to, a 
statutory "write-down and conversion power" (exercisable in relation to Tier 1 capital instruments and 
Tier 2 instruments) and a 'bail-in and loss absorption' power (exercisable in relation to other securities that 
are not Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital instruments), which gives the recovery and resolution authority under the 
BRRD and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (the "Relevant Resolution Authority"), the power to cancel all 
or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain unsecured liabilities (which could include the 
Notes (including Covered Bonds, with the exception that the bail-in and loss absorption mechanism cannot 
be applied to Covered Bonds issued in accordance with the ECBA and structured finance arrangements, 
including to securitisations and instruments which are used for hedging purposes which form an integral 
part of the Cover Pool and which are secured in a way similar to Covered Bonds)) of a failing financial

--- Page 38 ---
- 29 - 
institution and/or to convert certain debt claims (which could include the Notes (including Covered Bonds, 
with the exception that the bail-in and loss absorption mechanism cannot be applied to Covered Bonds 
issued in accordance with the ECBA and structured finance arrangements, including to securitisations and 
instruments which are used for hedging purposes which form an integral part of the Cover Pool and which 
are secured in a way similar to Covered Bonds)) into another security, including equity instruments of the 
surviving issuer entity, if any. The BRRD is implemented into Estonian law by the Estonian Financial Crisis 
Prevention and Resolution Act (the "FCPRA"). For more information on the implementation of the BRRD 
in Estonia, see "The Estonian resolution legislation implementing the BRRD Directive" below. 
As well as a "write-down and conversion power" and a "bail-in and loss absorption" power described above, 
the powers granted to the Relevant Resolution Authority under the BRRD include the power to (i) direct 
the sale of the relevant financial institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms without 
requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying with the procedural requirements that would 
otherwise apply, (ii) transfer all or part of the business of the relevant financial institution to a "bridge bank" 
(a publicly controlled entity) and (iii) transfer assets of the relevant financial institution to an asset 
management vehicle to allow them to be managed over time. In addition, among the broader powers granted 
to the Relevant Resolution Authority under the BRRD, the BRRD provides powers to the Relevant 
Resolution Authority to amend the maturity date and/or any interest payment date of debt instruments or 
other eligible liabilities of the relevant financial institution and/or impose a temporary suspension of 
payments. 
The write-down and conversion power can be used to ensure that Tier 1 and Tier 2 Capital instruments 
fully absorb losses at the point of non-viability of an institution (or, if applicable, its group) and before any 
other resolution action is taken. 
The general bail-in and loss absorption powers set out in the BRRD are not intended to apply to secured 
debt (such as the Covered Bonds to the extent they are secured) and accordingly, the FCPRA provides that: 
(i) the bail-in and loss absorption tool may not be applied to, inter alia, covered bonds and financial 
instruments included in a covered bond portfolio and used for hedging purposes that are secured in a way 
similar to covered bonds; and (ii) the application of the bail-in and loss absorption tool may not affect the 
cover pool and upon the application of the bail-in and loss absorption tool, the cover pool shall remain 
segregated and with enough funding. However, to the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds 
and Derivative Instruments are not met out of the assets comprising the Cover Pool (and the relevant 
residual claims arising from the Covered Bonds and Derivative Instruments subsequently rank pari passu 
with unsecured debt), the relevant claims arising from the Covered Bonds and Derivative Instruments may 
be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on any application of the general bail-in and loss 
absorption powers, which may result in the Covered Bondholders losing some or all of their investment. 
Further, while the legal framework established under the BRRD has been implemented in Estonia for some 
time now, there remains significant uncertainty regarding the ultimate nature and scope of the bail-in and 
loss absorption powers under the BRRD and how they could affect the Issuer, the Group or the Covered 
Bondholders, and there can be no assurance that the manner in which it is implemented or the taking of any 
actions by the Relevant Resolution Authority contemplated in the BRRD would not adversely affect the 
rights of the Covered Bondholders, the price or value of the Covered Bonds and/or the Issuer's ability to 
satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
While the BRRD (and the FCPRA implementing the BRRD) lists certain general principles applicable to 
resolution, including the principle that no creditor of the institution subject to resolution shall incur greater 
losses than would have been incurred thereby if the institution had been wound up under hypothetical 
insolvency proceedings (so-called "NCWO safeguard"), the operation of this principle in various 
circumstances is not clear on the basis of the manner of transposition of this principle into the FCPRA. 
While EBA has explained that the NCWO safeguard serves as a fundamental right of creditors, and several 
amendments were introduced by the BRRD II to clarify the application of the said principle, it is not entirely 
clear from the FCPRA whether this principle will be strictly applied in all circumstances, particularly, in 
case write-down and conversion powers are used independently without the application of any other 
resolution tools and outside of resolution proceedings. Provided the provisions of the FCPRA are applied 
and interpreted in conformity with the objectives of the BRRD, the NCWO safeguard should also apply 
equally to the scenario where write-down and conversion powers are exercised outside of resolution 
proceedings, but no assurances can be given to this respect. 
Pursuant to Condition 25 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), each Noteholder 
acknowledges and accepts that any liability of the Issuer arising under the Notes may be subject to the

--- Page 39 ---
- 30 - 
exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. The Bail-in and 
Loss Absorption Powers that may be exercised in respect of Covered Bonds are more limited, as further 
described below. The exercise of any such power or any suggestion of such exercise could materially 
adversely affect the value of any Notes subject to the BRRD and could lead to the Noteholders losing some 
or all of their investment in the Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own advisers 
as to the consequences of the implementation of the BRRD. 
In addition to the BRRD, the EU has adopted a directly applicable regulation governing the resolution of 
the most significant financial institutions in the Eurozone, i.e. a regulation establishing a Single Resolution 
Mechanism for them (806/2014, "SRM Regulation", as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council). The SRM Regulation establishes a single European resolution 
board (consisting of representatives from the European Central Bank ("ECB"), the European Commission 
and the relevant national resolution authorities) (the "Resolution Board") having resolution powers over 
the entities that are subject to the SRM Regulation, thus replacing or exceeding the powers of the national 
resolution authorities. On 10 February 2018 the ECB determined the Issuer to be a significant financial 
institution and as such, the Issuer became subject to the SRM Regulation. 
Under the SRM Regulation, the Resolution Board has been granted those responsibilities and powers 
granted to the member states' resolution authorities under the BRRD for those banks subject to direct 
supervision by the ECB. The SRM Regulation mirrors the BRRD and, to a large part, refers to the BRRD 
so that the Resolution Board is able to apply the same powers (including the bail-in and loss absorption tool 
and the mandatory write-down and conversion power described above) that would otherwise be available 
to the relevant national resolution authority. The use of one or more of these tools will be included in a 
resolution scheme to be adopted by the Resolution Board. National resolution authorities will remain 
responsible for the execution of the resolution scheme according to the instructions of the Resolution Board. 
The Resolution Board is responsible for preparing and adopting a resolution plan for the entities subject to 
its powers, including the Issuer. It also determines, after consulting competent authorities including the 
ECB, the Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities (the "MREL"), which the Issuer is 
expected to be required to meet at all times. The Resolution Board also has the powers of early intervention 
as set forth in the SRM Regulation, including the power to require the Issuer to contact potential purchasers 
in order to prepare for resolution of the Issuer. The Resolution Board has the authority to exercise the 
specific resolution powers under the SRM Regulation. These will be launched if the Resolution Board 
assesses that the following conditions are met: (i) the Issuer is failing or is likely to fail; (ii) having regard 
to timing and other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector 
measures or supervisory action or the write-down or conversion of relevant capital instruments, taken in 
respect of the Issuer, would prevent its failure within a reasonable timeframe; and (iii) a resolution action 
is necessary in the public interest. 
In 2023, the European Commission made a legislative proposal to adjust and further strengthen the existing 
European Union bank crisis management and deposit insurance framework ("CMDI") which is envisaged 
to encompass amendments to, inter alia, the BRRD as well as the SRM Regulation. The purpose of the 
developments is to give resolution authorities even more effective tools to ensure the depositors of the 
relevant financial institution (e.g. depositors) can continue access to their accounts and, more broadly, to 
facilitate the use of industry-funded safeguards to enable authorities to shield the depositors in bank crisis. 
The exercise of any resolution powers or early intervention measures by the Resolution Board or any 
powers pursuant to BRRD with respect to the Issuer or any suggestion of such exercise will likely materially 
adversely affect the price or value of an investment in Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under such Notes and could lead to the holders of the Notes losing some or all of their 
investment in the Notes. 
The Estonian resolution legislation implementing the BRRD Directive 
The BRRD is implemented in Estonia by the FCPRA. Under the FCPRA, the Relevant Resolution 
Authority is the Estonian Financial Supervision and Resolution Authority (the "EFSA"). The FCPRA 
provides for certain resolution measures, including the power to impose in certain circumstances a 
suspension of activities. Any suspension of activities can, to the extent determined by the EFSA, result in 
the partial or complete suspension of the performance of agreements entered into by the Issuer. The FCPRA 
also grants the power to the EFSA to take a number of resolution measures which may apply to the Issuer, 
including, without limitation, the application of the general bail-in and loss absorption tool (and other tools

--- Page 40 ---
- 31 - 
as described under the risk factor "The Issuer may be subject to statutory resolution"). In addition, the 
FCPRA sets forth that all credit institutions must at all times meet the MREL determined by the EFSA for 
each credit institution. The powers set out in the resolution legislation will impact how credit institutions 
are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. The bail-in and loss absorption 
tool is not intended to apply to secured debt, and hence should apply to Covered Bonds only to the extent 
that the amounts payable in respect of the Covered Bonds exceed the value of the Cover Pool against which 
payment of those amounts is secured. However, there remains significant uncertainty as to the ultimate 
nature and scope of the bail-in and loss absorption tool and how it would affect the Covered Bondholders 
and the Issuer. 
If the debt bail-in and loss absorption tool and the statutory write-down and conversion power become 
applicable to the Issuer, the Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on any 
application of the bail-in and loss absorption tool, which may result in Noteholders losing some or all of 
their investment. Subject to certain conditions, the terms of the obligations owed by the Issuer may also be 
varied by the Relevant Resolution Authority (e.g. as to maturity, interest and interest payment dates). The 
exercise of any power under the resolution legislation or any suggestion of such exercise could materially 
adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
There remains uncertainty regarding how the FCPRA would affect the Issuer, the price or value of an 
investment in the Covered Bonds and/or the Issuer's ability to satisfy its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds. Accordingly, it is not possible to assess the full potential impact of the FCPRA. The Covered Bonds 
may under certain circumstances described above be part of the claims and debts in respect of which the 
EFSA could use the bail-in and loss absorption powers to write-down or convert the principal of the 
Covered Bonds. There can be no assurances that the FCPRA could not adversely affect the price or value 
of an investment in Covered Bonds subject to the provisions of the FCPRA and/or the ability of the Issuer 
to satisfy its obligations under such Covered Bonds. Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should 
consult their own advisors as to the consequences of the implementation of the FCPRA. Regardless of the 
above, the centralised power of resolution is entrusted to the Resolution Board and the EFSA will work in 
close cooperation with it. 
Any Notes issued under the Programme may be subjected in the future to the bail-in and loss absorption 
resolution tool by the Relevant Resolution Authority and to the mandatory burden sharing measures for 
the provision of precautionary capital support which may result into their write-down in full 
Under the FCPRA, powers have been granted to the Relevant Resolution Authority which include the bail-
in and loss absorption tool through which a credit institution subjected to resolution may be recapitalised 
either by way of write-down or conversion of liabilities into ordinary shares. The bail-in and loss absorption 
tool may be imposed either as a sole resolution measure or in combination with the rest of the resolution 
tools that may be imposed by the Relevant Resolution Authority in case of the resolution of a failing credit 
institution. 
Any Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes that will be issued under 
the Programme may be subjected to the said bail-in and loss absorption tool. So, if the Issuer is subjected 
to resolution measures in the future, then the value of such Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Subordinated Notes may be written down (up to zero) as a result of the imposition of the bail-in 
and loss absorption tool by the EFSA. Furthermore, the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Subordinated Notes may be subject to modifications or the disapplication of provisions in the Conditions 
of the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, including alteration of 
the principal amount or any interest payable on the Notes, the maturity date or any other dates on which 
payments may be due, as well as the suspension of payments for a certain period. 
The BRRD and, accordingly, the FCPRA, contemplates a statutory sequence for the application of the bail-
in tool towards the liabilities of the failing credit institution. According to this sequence, first, the common 
equity Tier 1 items are reduced in the proportion and in accordance with the terms outlined under the BRRD. 
If the reduction pursuant to these rules is less than the aggregate necessary amount of write-down, next the 
amounts of additional Tier 1 items and Tier 2 items are reduced to the extent required. If the total reduction 
of the own funds items is not sufficient to cover the aggregate necessary amount of write-down, the 
principal amount of other subordinated liabilities that do not constitute additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital 
of the institution are reduced to the extent required in accordance with the ranking of claims in bankruptcy 
proceedings. Further, if (and only if) the total reduction of the foregoing liabilities of the institution is less

--- Page 41 ---
- 32 - 
than the aggregate necessary amount of write-down, the Relevant Resolution Authority will apply the bail-
in tool (to the extent required) to the rest of the liabilities of the institution, reducing the principal amount 
of or outstanding amount of the respective liabilities in the order of ranking of claims in bankruptcy 
proceedings. 
The BRRD further contemplates the statutory preference in the insolvency proceedings of credit institutions 
(such as the Issuer), ascribing deposits that are covered under deposit guarantee schemes set up and 
implemented in accordance with Directive 2014/49/EU on deposit guarantee schemes ("covered deposits") 
and certain other deposits of individuals and micro, small and medium sized enterprises priority ranking 
over other unsecured senior creditors of the institution in insolvency proceedings, including holders of 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Notes. Furthermore, unlike the liabilities 
arising from the Notes (save for the Covered Bonds as described further below), covered deposits are 
excluded from the scope of application of the bail-in tool. As a result, any such Notes issued by the Issuer 
will be more likely to be bailed-in than certain other unsubordinated liabilities of the Issuer (such as covered 
deposits and other deposits of individuals and micro, small and medium sized enterprises). In addition, in 
April 2023 the European Commission published a proposal to update the CMDI, including changes which 
would, if implemented, amend the hierarchy of claims towards credit institutions in a manner so that even 
a broader scope of claims of various depositors rank senior to other unsecured and unsubordinated claims 
towards the relevant credit institution (such as claims arising from, inter alia, the Senior Preferred Notes). 
The proposal, if implemented, may also lead to a rating downgrade of the Senior Preferred Notes, which 
could have an adverse effect on the liquidity or value of such Notes. 
The bail-in and loss absorption tool is not intended to apply to secured debt, and hence should apply to 
Covered Bonds only to the extent that the amounts payable in respect of the Covered Bonds exceed the 
value of the Cover Pool against which payment of those amounts is secured. However, there remains 
significant uncertainty as to the ultimate nature and scope of the bail-in and loss absorption tool and how it 
would affect the Covered Bondholders and the Issuer. 
Pursuant to Condition 25 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), each Holder of Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes acknowledges and accepts that any 
liability of the Issuer arising under the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes may be subject to the exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. 
Certain rights of the Noteholders under the conditions of the Notes would not be enforceable upon 
commencement of resolution proceedings or declaration of a moratorium 
The provision of the conditions of the Notes allowing the Notes to be declared immediately due and payable 
on the grounds of commencement of resolution proceedings and declaration of a moratorium would not be 
effective and enforceable pursuant to Estonian law. Pursuant to the FCPRA, the fact of taking a crisis 
prevention measure or a crisis management measure, suspending certain obligations or making a decision 
on the commencement of resolution proceedings shall not under a contract entered into by a credit 
institution be deemed to be an enforcement event or initiation of insolvency proceedings. Furthermore, the 
FCPRA provides that where the obligations under the contract, including payment and delivery obligations, 
and provision of collateral, continue to be performed by a credit institution under resolution proceedings, a 
decision on the application of a crisis prevention measure, the suspension of certain obligations or the 
commencement of the resolution proceedings or the occurrence of any event directly linked to such 
application shall not serve as basis for exercising any termination, suspension, modification or set off or 
close out netting rights. 
In addition, pursuant to the Estonian Credit Institutions Act during a moratorium, a credit institution may 
not perform financial and other proprietary obligations assumed before establishment of the moratorium 
and the obligation of the Issuer to pay a debt pursuant to a principal or accessory financial obligation shall 
be suspended from the date of establishment of a moratorium until termination thereof. Payment of debts 
may be resumed immediately after termination of the moratorium if the Issuer has restored its solvency. 
Fines and interest on arrears shall not be imposed, calculated or paid during a moratorium. However, 
calculation of interest may continue but the payment thereof shall be commenced pursuant to contracts, on 
the date following the date of termination of the moratorium. 
Therefore, in order to be effective pursuant to Estonian law, a declaration of an Event of Default and 
demand for payment under the conditions of the Notes would have to (i) be made before commencement

--- Page 42 ---
- 33 - 
of resolution proceedings and declaration of a moratorium in respect of the Issuer, or (ii) otherwise be an 
Event of Default that is not triggered, as of itself, by commencement of resolution proceedings or upon 
declaration of a moratorium (such as non-payment). 
The exercise of any power under the resolution legislation or declaration of a moratorium in respect of the 
Issuer could materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in 
any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. Further, BRRD II (as 
transposed by the FCPRA), includes the power of the resolution authorities to suspend, for a limited time 
period, certain contractual obligations of a credit institution in the circumstances where the credit institution 
is failing or likely to fail, if applicable private sector measures that would prevent the failure of the credit 
institution are not immediately available, the suspension is necessary to avoid further deterioration of the 
credit institution or an entity belonging to the consolidation group of the credit institution and the 
suspension measure is necessary due to public interest or for the purposes of determination of appropriate 
resolution measures or the effective application of resolution measures by the relevant resolution authority. 
The scope and time limit for the suspension (which may not, however, exceed two business days pursuant 
to the FCPRA) shall be determined by the Relevant Resolution Authority (please see the risk factor "The 
Issuer may be subject to statutory resolution" below) on a case-by-case basis, and the right of suspension 
may be exercised prior to the adoption of a resolution decision by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Therefore, the exercise of the right to suspend contractual obligations of the Issuer could affect the rights 
of Noteholders prior to the official initiation of resolution proceedings with respect to the Issuer. 
Changes in laws or administrative practices could entail risks 
The conditions of the Notes are based on the laws of England in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant 
Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws 
of England or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. Furthermore, the Issuer operates 
in a heavily regulated environment and has to comply with extensive regulations in Estonia, Latvia and 
Lithuania (the Issuer operates in Latvia and Lithuania through its branches and subsidiaries). No assurance 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to laws or administrative practices 
or certain regulatory developments of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Denominations of the Definitive Notes may be illiquid 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may 
be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of 
the minimum Specified Denomination (or its equivalent). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination may not 
receive Definitive Notes in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and may need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to the minimum Specified 
Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes are issued, Noteholders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the larger the remaining term of such securities 
the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
Conflicts may arise between the interests of the Calculation Agent and the interests of the Noteholders 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders, including 
with respect to certain determinations and judgements that such Calculation Agent makes pursuant to the 
Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and 
upon their redemption. 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial

--- Page 43 ---
- 34 - 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may 
affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market 
price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
Recognition of choice of court agreements and enforcement of foreign judgements in Estonia 
In accordance with Condition 24(b) (Governing Law and Jurisdiction - English courts), the courts of 
England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
(including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes). In accordance 
with Condition 24(d) (Governing Law and Jurisdiction - Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings 
outside England), notwithstanding Condition 24(b) (Governing Law and Jurisdiction - English courts), any 
Noteholder may take proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent 
allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
Proceeding from the principles of the agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain 
and Northern Ireland from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community (the 
"Withdrawal Agreement"), for legal proceedings initiated, instruments drawn up or registered, and court 
settlements approved or concluded on or after 1 January 2021, the recognition of the choice of jurisdiction 
of English courts and the recognition and enforcement of judgements of English courts would be assessed 
and carried out in Estonia in accordance with Hague Convention of 30 June 2005 on Choice of Court 
Agreements and the Estonian Code of Civil Procedure, if and as applicable. On 12 January 2024, the UK 
signed the Hague Convention of 2 July 2019 on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Judgments in 
Civil or Commercial Matters ("Hague 2019"), which will come into force 12 months after ratification by 
the UK. The Convention provides for the mutual enforcement of judgments between the UK and the other 
contracting states, including EU member states, in proceedings started after the Convention comes into 
force in the UK. Asymmetric and non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses will be covered by Hague 2019, and 
will apply to judgments given in proceedings initiated after the Convention comes into effect, regardless of 
when the agreement was made. 
The validity of the parties' agreement on jurisdiction, including as stipulated by Condition 24(b) (Governing 
Law and Jurisdiction - English courts) would be assessed by Estonian courts in accordance with, firstly, 
the Hague Convention on the Choice of Court Agreements, and, secondly, the Estonian Code of Civil 
Procedure. The Estonian Code of Civil Procedure would also apply to recognition of choice of court and 
enforcement of judgements of courts of other countries which are not subject to Regulation (EU) No 
1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the 
recognition and enforcement of judgements in civil and commercial matters (recast) subject to the entry 
into force of Hague 2019, or international agreements or conventions.  
The Estonian Code of Civil Procedure stipulates that parties are generally free to contractually agree on a 
jurisdiction of their choice, provided that, among others, the contract is concluded in the course of their 
business activities, in writing or in a format which can be reproduced in writing and does not relate to a 
matter in respect of which the exclusive jurisdiction of Estonian courts is stipulated by the Estonian Code 
of Civil Procedure. In order to be valid, the relevant agreement concerning applicable jurisdiction should 
not in bad faith exclude a party's right to use Estonian jurisdiction. The validity of asymmetric jurisdiction 
clauses is not expressly regulated in the Estonian Code of Civil Procedure and is untested in the practice of 
the Estonian Supreme Court. Furthermore, the Estonian Code of Civil Procedure provides with respect to 
the recognition of judgements of foreign courts that, a court may refuse, on the application of an interested 
party, to recognise the judgment based on the grounds stipulated in the Estonian Code of Civil Procedure. 
Such grounds include, above all, conflict with public policy, failure to deliver the action and procedural 
documents to the defendant, existence of the conflicting court decisions and inappropriate jurisdiction, 
amongst others. 
Thus, subject to the entry into force of Hague 2019, the ability of Noteholders to bring proceedings against 
the Issuer in English courts or other foreign courts and the recognition and enforcement of the judgements 
of English courts and other foreign courts in Estonia may be subject to limitations and conditions arising 
from, as applicable in each particular situation, the international agreements or conventions or the Estonian 
Code of Civil Procedure.

--- Page 44 ---
- 35 - 
Recognition and enforcement of choice of English law to govern the Notes and procedural rules applied 
in court proceedings in Estonia 
Under item (a) of Article 66 of the Withdrawal Agreement, Regulation (EC) No 593/2008 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 17 June 2008 on the law applicable to contractual obligations (the "Rome 
I Regulation") shall apply in respect of contracts concluded before the end of the transition period under 
the Withdrawal Agreement i.e. before 1 January 2021. For contracts concluded on or after 1 January 2021, 
recognition of choice of law to govern any contractual obligations would, in a situation where a relevant 
dispute is brought before an Estonian court (and provided that such Estonian court has jurisdiction over 
the dispute instead of the English courts due to the limitations and conditions applicable under any of the 
legislative acts, as applicable, described under "Recognition of choice of court agreements and enforcement 
of foreign judgements in Estonia" above) be decided by the Estonian court in accordance with the Estonian 
Private International Law Act. In accordance with the Estonian Private International Law Act, as a general 
principle, an agreement shall be governed by the law chosen by the parties and, by their choice, parties may 
select the law applicable to the whole or part of the agreement. However, a foreign law chosen by the parties 
shall not be applied by Estonian courts in certain circumstances, above all, if: (i) application of a provision 
of foreign law is manifestly incompatible with the public policy ("order public") of Estonia; (ii) provisions 
of foreign law allow the parties to deviate from the provisions of Estonian law that have extraterritorial 
application or overriding mandatory provisions; or (iii) the substance of the applicable foreign law cannot 
be established by the Estonian court, regardless of all reasonable efforts, within a reasonable time. In such 
circumstances Estonian courts may apply Estonian law instead. 
Further to the above, in any proceedings taken in Estonian courts or other authorities for the enforcement 
of the Notes, the courts and the authorities would apply procedural rules of Estonian law, and the 
enforcement would thus be subject to the limitations arising from Estonian law. Such limitations include, 
inter alia, that the enforcement of the Notes in Estonian courts may be subject to restrictions based upon 
principles of reasonableness and fairness, statutory limitations for filing of claims and the general 
discretionary authority of the courts to mitigate damages. In addition, restrictions on the enforcement of the 
Notes could (depending on the circumstances) arise from applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium 
and other laws of general application relating to or affecting generally the enforcement of creditors' rights 
and remedies from time to time in effect. 
Any of the above may adversely affect the enforcement by Noteholders of their claims against the Issuer 
arising from the Notes. 
Risks related to the Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes 
Under certain circumstances, the Issuer's ability to redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes, the 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be limited 
The rules under the CRD Package prescribe certain conditions for the granting of permission by the 
Competent Authority or the Relevant Resolution Authority (as applicable) to a request by the Issuer to 
redeem or repurchase Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes. The Issuer may redeem or repurchase Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted 
Senior Preferred Notes only if such redemption or repurchase is in accordance with applicable provisions 
of the Applicable Banking Regulations, and, where necessary, has been granted the approval of or 
permission from (in the case of the Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority or (in the case of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted Senior Preferred Notes) the Resolution Authority (in each such case, to 
the extent such approval is then required under the Applicable Banking Regulations) and, in addition if: 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase of the Notes, the Issuer replaces the Notes with own 
funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments (as applicable) of an equal or higher quality on 
terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes) or (in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) the Resolution Authority that its own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such 
redemption or repurchase, exceed the requirements under the Applicable Banking Regulations by 
a margin that (in the case of Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority or (in the case of 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes to the extent

--- Page 45 ---
- 36 - 
that such Subordinated Notes have ceased to qualify, in whole but not in part, as Tier 2 Capital the 
Resolution Authority may consider necessary or; 
(iii) 
(in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only) the Issuer 
has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority and/or the Resolution Authority 
that the partial or full replacement (as applicable) of its eligible liabilities with own funds 
instruments is necessary to ensure compliance with the own funds requirements set out in the CRD 
Package for continuing authorisation. 
In addition, the rules under the CRD Package provide that the Competent Authority may only permit the 
Issuer to redeem Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Capital before five years after the issue date of 
the last Tranche of any Series of such Subordinated Notes if: 
(a) 
the conditions listed in paragraph (i) or (ii) above are met; and 
(b) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Competent Authority 
considers such change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction 
of the Competent Authority that the Capital Event was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of 
the issuance of the Subordinated Notes; or 
(c) 
in the case of redemption for taxation reasons pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that the change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of issuance of the Subordinated Notes; or 
(d) 
before or at the same time of such redemption or repurchase, the Issuer replaces the Notes with 
own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity and the Competent Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the determination 
that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional 
circumstances; or 
(e) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes. 
The rules under the CRD Package may be modified from time to time after the Issue Date of Subordinated 
Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are subordinated to most of the Issuer's 
liabilities 
If the Issuer is declared bankrupt and a winding-up is initiated, the claims of the holders of its senior debt 
and its obligations to most of its other creditors (including unsecured creditors but excluding any obligations 
in respect of more subordinated debt or other obligations that by law rank, or by their terms are expressed 
to rank, pari passu with or junior to the claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes or the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, as applicable) will be satisfied (after covering the costs of and other payments relating to 
bankruptcy proceedings) before any payments on the relevant Subordinated Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, as applicable. Furthermore, pursuant to the amendments introduced by BRRD II (which was 
transposed into Estonian law in 2021), all claims resulting from own funds items shall have, in relevant 
insolvency proceedings, a lower priority ranking than any claim that does not result from an own funds 
item. For the purposes of the previous sentence, to the extent that an instrument is only partly recognised 
as an own funds item, the whole instrument shall be treated as a claim resulting from an own funds item 
and shall rank lower than any claim that does not result from an own funds item. This means that, regardless 
of their contractual ranking, liabilities that are no longer at least partially recognised as an own funds 
instrument for the purpose of the CRR shall rank senior to any liabilities fully or partially recognised as an 
own funds instrument. Accordingly, claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 
Capital will have, in the bankruptcy proceedings carried out in respect of the Issuer, a lower priority ranking 
than any claims that do not result from own funds items in accordance with the provisions of BBRD II, 
even if the Subordinated Notes are only partly recognised as an own funds item of the Issuer. In any of the 
above situations, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments to pay amounts due 
under the relevant Subordinated Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as applicable. Although the 
Subordinated Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as applicable, may pay a higher rate of interest than 
notes which are not subordinated, there is a substantial risk that investors in the Subordinated Notes or the

--- Page 46 ---
- 37 - 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose all or some of the value of their investment should the Issuer become 
insolvent. See also "The Issuer may be subject to statutory resolution", above. 
Remedies in case of default on Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes are severely limited 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Subordinated Notes and Restricted Senior Preferred Notes will contain 
limited enforcement events relating to (a) non-payment by the Issuer of any amounts due and (b) the 
winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, whether in Estonia or elsewhere. 
In such circumstances, as described in more detail in Condition 13.2 (Events of Default – Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes) of the Conditions, a Noteholder may 
declare its Notes to be due and payable at their principal amount, and prove or claim in the winding-up, 
insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
In each case, however, the holder of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and Restricted 
Senior Preferred Notes may claim payment in respect of such Notes only in the winding-up, insolvency or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
The Issuer could, in certain circumstances, substitute or vary the terms of Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes 
To the extent that any Series of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes contains provisions relating to the substitution or variation of such Notes, in certain 
circumstances (such as if a Capital Event, Withholding Tax Event, Tax Event or MREL Disqualification 
Event has occurred and is continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness of Condition 25 
(Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)), the Issuer may, in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations and without the consent or approval of the Noteholders, substitute or vary the terms 
of such Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 25 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and 
Loss Absorption Powers)) to ensure that, if applicable, they continue to qualify as, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes (save to the extent provided below), Tier 2 Capital or in the case of Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes that have ceased to qualify in whole 
but not in part, as Tier 2 Capital eligible liabilities, in accordance with the Conditions, or in order to ensure 
the effectiveness of Condition 25 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers). 
While the Issuer cannot make changes to the terms of such Notes that are materially less favourable to a 
holder of such Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, the 
governing law of Condition 25 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers) may be changed 
in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 25 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and 
Loss Absorption Powers). 
There can be no assurance as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular 
Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied Notes could be 
different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding 
the Notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
The Issuer's gross-up obligation under the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Subordinated Notes is limited 
The Issuer's obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of 
taxes under the terms of any Series of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes applies only to payments of interest due and payable under such Notes and not to 
payments of principal (which term, for these purposes, includes any premium, final redemption amount, 
early redemption amount, optional redemption amount and any other amount (other than interest) which 
may from time to time be payable in respect of such Notes). 
As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of any Series of 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes to the extent any 
withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such withholding or 
deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under any Series of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, such Noteholders would, upon repayment or 
redemption of such Notes, be entitled to receive only the net amount of such redemption or repayment

--- Page 47 ---
- 38 - 
proceeds after deduction of the amount required to be withheld. Therefore, Noteholders may receive less 
than the full amount due under such Notes, and the market value of such Notes may be adversely affected 
as a result. 
The qualification of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as 
"eligible liabilities" is subject to uncertainty 
The Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended to be "eligible 
liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) ("MREL Eligible Liabilities") which are available to 
count towards the Issuer's and/or the Group's eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity. However, 
there is uncertainty regarding the final substance of the applicable MREL regulations and how those 
regulations, once enacted, are to be interpreted and applied and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance 
that Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be (or thereafter remain) MREL 
Eligible Liabilities. 
The Issuer may be entitled to redeem in whole (but not in part) Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes if an MREL Disqualification Event occurs. 
Risks related to the Covered Bonds 
Default of Issuer's Assets or an inability to supplement the Cover Pool with Eligible Assets and 
Insolvency of the Covered Bond Portfolio 
Default of the Issuer's assets (in particular assets in the Cover Pool) or an inability to supplement the Cover 
Pool with Eligible Assets could jeopardise the Issuer's ability to make payments on the Covered Bonds in 
full or on a timely basis. 
Under the ECBA in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus, to comply with the statutory requirements, 
the Issuer must ensure that (i) the nominal value of the total amount of the Cover Pool continuously exceeds 
the liabilities covered by at least five per cent. and (ii) if the known redemption value of Covered Bonds is 
higher than their nominal value at the time of issue, the Cover Pool must, in addition to meeting the 
requirement set out in item (i), have a nominal value at least equal to the redemption value of the Covered 
Bonds. Where assets included in the Cover Pool no longer satisfy this criterion, the Issuer is required to 
supplement the Cover Pool with additional Eligible Assets. Should the Issuer not have sufficient Eligible 
Assets to add to the Cover Pool, the Issuer may be unable to meet the referred statutory requirement. 
Furthermore, after the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio from the Issuer's assets, the Issuer is not 
permitted under the ECBA to make any transactions with the assets in the Covered Bond Portfolio and 
therefore, no addition of assets to the Cover Pool can be expected following the occurrence of a separation 
event which may occur due to, among other things, a declaration of bankruptcy or a moratorium in respect 
of the Issuer; termination of the validity of the credit institution licence or additional authorisation for 
issuing covered bonds held by the Issuer; the entering into force of a court ruling providing for compulsory 
dissolution of the Issuer; receiving an authorisation from the EFSA for voluntary dissolution or 
discontinuation of the issuance of Covered Bonds; or where the EFSA resolves that the Covered Bond 
Portfolio should be separated from the Issuer's assets on the grounds provided in the ECBA. 
If: (i) the present value of the Cover Pool does not cover the present value of the liabilities arising from 
Covered Bonds and from the Derivative Instruments entered in the cover register and the expenses of 
management of the Covered Bond Portfolio or (ii) the Cover Pool or the income receivable from the Cover 
Pool is not sufficient to settle a rightful claim of at least one Covered Bondholder or at least one counterparty 
to a Derivative Instrument entered in the cover register and the situation is not temporary due to the financial 
standing of the Covered Bond Portfolio, the Covered Bond portfolio will be deemed insolvent and the 
EFSA may apply to court for the initiation of bankruptcy proceedings with respect to the Covered Bond 
Portfolio. To the extent that claims of the Covered Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds and 
counterparties to the Derivative Instruments included in the Cover Pool are not met out of the Cover Pool 
in the bankruptcy proceedings carried out in respect of the Covered Bond Portfolio, the Covered 
Bondholders and counterparties to the Derivative Instruments included in the Cover Pool may submit their 
claims arising from the Covered Bonds and Derivative Instruments against the Issuer or its bankruptcy 
estate, but such residual claims of the Covered Bondholders and counterparties to the Derivative 
Instruments included in the Cover Pool will not be preferred claims, will rank pari passu with the unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions 
of law that are both mandatory and of general application) and may thus not be satisfied in full.

--- Page 48 ---
- 39 - 
Extended Maturity of the Covered Bonds 
If a bankruptcy, compulsory dissolution or another event described in Condition 9(n)(i)(B) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Extension of maturity to Extended Maturity Date) has occurred in respect of the Issuer and, 
as a result of such an event the Covered Bonds are not redeemed in full on the Maturity Date at their Final 
Redemption Amount or within three Business Days thereafter, the maturity of the outstanding principal 
amount of such Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date will be automatically extended to the Extended 
Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 9(n) (Redemption and Purchase – Extension of maturity to 
Extended Maturity Date) and notification of such shall be delivered to the relevant Covered Bondholders 
and to the Paying Agents. In the event of such extension, the Issuer shall redeem the outstanding principal 
amount of such Covered Bonds at their Final Redemption Amount on the Extended Maturity Date. In 
addition, all or any part of the outstanding principal amount of such Covered Bonds may be redeemed on 
any extended Interest Payment Date, occurring during the period up to and including the Extended Maturity 
Date. The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not provide for events of default entitling Covered 
Bondholders to demand immediate redemption and do not include a cross-default or cross-acceleration 
provision (see further – Risk Factors - Risks related to the Covered Bonds - No Events of Default). The 
extension of the maturity of the outstanding principal amount of the Covered Bonds to the Extended 
Maturity Date will not result in any right of the Covered Bondholders to accelerate payments on such 
Covered Bonds and no payment will be payable to the Covered Bondholders in that event other than as set 
out in the Conditions. 
Furthermore, pursuant to Condition 9(n)(i) (Redemption and Purchase – Extension of maturity to Extended 
Maturity Date), the Issuer may amend, by a notice to the Covered Bondholders, the circumstances in which 
such automatic extension can apply if it determines that such circumstances qualify as permitted conditions 
for automatic extension of maturity under the ECBA (as in force at the relevant time). By virtue of this 
Condition the Issuer is entitled to unilaterally specify other circumstances that are not known at the date of 
this Base Prospectus in which the maturity of the outstanding principal amount of the Covered Bonds will 
be automatically extended to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 9(n) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Extension of maturity to Extended Maturity Date), provided that the addition of such other 
circumstances are permitted by the ECBA as then in force. 
Under Estonian law, after the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio from the Issuer's assets which may 
arise due to declaration of bankruptcy or a moratorium in respect of the Issuer; the entering into force of a 
court ruling providing for compulsory dissolution of the Issuer or other circumstances described in 
subsection "Separation of the covered bond portfolio" in the section titled "Overview of Estonian 
Regulation Regarding Covered Bonds", the Issuer will then not be permitted to make any transactions with 
the assets in the Covered Bond Portfolio. As such, unlike the period prior to occurrence of such events (see 
further – Risk Factors - Risks related to the Covered Bonds – Limited Description of the Cover Pool) the 
Covered Bond Portfolio will not be dynamic and, as such, no enhancement of the credit quality of the assets 
in the Cover Pool can be expected. 
Therefore, investors investing in Covered Bonds with an Extended Maturity Date should be aware of the 
possibility that their Covered Bonds will not be paid on the Maturity Date and that the interest basis, interest 
rates and interest periods for the period from the Maturity Date to the Extended Maturity Date may be 
different to those applicable for the period from the Issue Date to the Maturity Date, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Risks associated with the insufficient legal framework in Lithuania for covered bonds issued under the 
laws of Estonia and covered by Lithuanian assets 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Cover Pool includes Mortgage Loans secured by mortgages over 
Properties located in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. Since the mortgages related to Latvian and Lithuanian 
assets are governed by Latvian and Lithuanian laws and are located and enforceable in Latvia and Lithuania, 
respectively, such laws may affect the rights of the Covered Bondholders.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the laws of Lithuania do not expressly regulate the situation where 
Lithuanian assets form part of the on-balance sheet cover pool of covered bonds issued under the laws of 
another jurisdiction nor do they expressly provide for the recognition of the protection afforded to such 
assets by the laws of that jurisdiction. The lack of such express recognition primarily affects the rights of 
the Covered Bondholders before the time at which bankruptcy or other winding-up proceedings are 
commenced against the Issuer. Bankruptcy and other winding-up proceedings in respect of the Issuer will

--- Page 49 ---
- 40 - 
be governed (in accordance with the provisions of Directive 2001/24/EC of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 4 April 2001 on the reorganisation and winding up of credit institutions, as transposed 
into Estonian, Latvian and Lithuanian laws) by the laws of Estonia, which shall, among other things, 
determine the effect of the bankruptcy and winding-up proceedings on proceedings brought by individual 
creditors and as such, would allow the application of the ring-fencing regime set out in the ECBA with 
respect to the assets included in the Cover Pool which are located in Lithuania. 
On 30 June 2022, the Law on Securitisation and Covered Bonds of the Republic of Lithuania (No XIV-
1329) was adopted in Lithuania. This law governs the issue of covered bonds in Lithuania as well as the 
transfer of assets comprising the cover pool to other credit institutions or special purpose vehicles. 
However, it does not expressly provide protection to assets located in Lithuania comprising the cover pool 
in case of an on-balance sheet issue of covered bonds under the law of Estonia (for more information on 
the described regulation, see "Covered Bond Legislation Untested and Subject to Modification" below). 
This means that the Lithuanian assets in the Cover Pool may not always be subject to the same level of 
ring-fencing prior to any bankruptcy and winding-up proceedings in respect of the Issuer, and the rights of 
Covered Bondholders in respect of Lithuanian assets may not always be subject to the same regime as is 
provided under the ECBA, and the enforcement of such rights may be uncertain due to a lack of relevant 
precedents. Furthermore, the exercise of certain rights related to separation, administration and enforcement 
of the Covered Bond Portfolio in Lithuania may be subject to additional formalities and requirements. 
The main risks relating to the addition of Lithuanian assets to the Cover Pool arising from the laws of 
Lithuania in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus, are the following: 
(i) 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus there are no express provisions under Lithuanian laws that 
would restrict third-party creditors having a claim against the Issuer from enforcing that claim 
against the Lithuanian assets included in the Cover Pool or recognising the provisions of the ECBA 
restricting such third party creditor's enforcement claims, including after the separation of the 
Cover Pool from the Issuer's other assets in accordance with the ECBA, other than in the event 
where bankruptcy or winding up proceedings are carried out in respect of the Issuer (where 
bankruptcy or winding up proceedings are carried out in respect of the Issuer, Estonian laws and 
consequently, the ring-fencing regime set out in the ECBA, would apply, as explained in more 
detail above). In such circumstances, it cannot be excluded that Lithuanian assets included in the 
Cover Pool may be sold to discharge the Issuer's obligations to third party creditors and/or become 
subject to various provisional measures with respect to third party claims, including the possibility 
that they could be seized or attached, or restrictions may be established by Lithuanian courts for 
the collection or enforcement, or otherwise dealing with such assets. 
If any third-party enforcement claim is made before the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio, 
the Issuer will be under a continuous obligation to top up the Cover Pool or to replace the affected 
assets so as to maintain compliance with the requirements of the ECBA. 
However, if third party creditor's enforcement action is taken before the commencement of the 
Issuer's bankruptcy or winding up proceedings, but after the Covered Bond Portfolio is separated 
from the Issuer (which may be due to reasons other than the bankruptcy or winding-up of the Issuer, 
which have been described in subsection "Separation of the covered bond portfolio" in the section 
titled "Overview of Estonian Regulation Regarding Covered Bonds"), the Issuer would no longer 
be permitted to deal with the Cover Pool, and may not be able to add any additional assets to the 
Cover Pool and this could result in the reduction of the Cover Pool and its value, and affect the 
proceeds Covered Bondholders receive from the Cover Pool. Furthermore, bailiffs conducting 
enforcement proceedings in Lithuania, other than in the course of any bankruptcy or winding up 
proceedings in respect of the Issuer, may disregard the order of distribution of the enforcement 
proceeds stipulated in the ECBA and the priority of the Covered Bondholders in respect of such 
proceeds. 
(ii) 
Pursuant to the ECBA, if after the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio it becomes evident 
that the Cover Pool or proceeds therefrom are insufficient to discharge all liabilities arising from 
the Covered Bonds and Derivative Instruments recorded in the cover register and such situation is 
not temporary or the present value of the Cover Pool does not cover the present value of the relevant 
liabilities, the Covered Bond Portfolio will be deemed insolvent and the EFSA may apply to court 
for the initiation of bankruptcy proceedings with respect to the Covered Bond Portfolio. Such 
bankruptcy proceedings may not necessarily always run in parallel with the bankruptcy

--- Page 50 ---
- 41 - 
proceedings against the Issuer. However, Lithuanian law does not provide legal grounds to 
recognise bankruptcy proceedings commenced with respect to the Covered Bond Portfolio in 
Estonia as insolvency proceedings in the meaning of local laws. As a consequence, if the 
bankruptcy proceedings are commenced in respect of the Covered Bond Portfolio in Estonia, 
Lithuanian bailiffs conducting enforcement proceedings against Lithuanian assets included in the 
Cover Pool could reject the Covered Bond Portfolio bankruptcy administrator's request to 
terminate the enforcement proceedings due to such ongoing bankruptcy proceedings of the 
Covered Bond Portfolio in Estonia, unless bankruptcy or winding-up proceedings are carried out 
in respect of the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Lithuanian courts and authorities could refuse to start proceedings or take another action requested 
by the administrator of the separated Cover Pool or by the bankruptcy administrator appointed with 
respect to the insolvent Covered Bond Portfolio, unless they recognise the power and capacity of 
a person to take the relevant action on behalf of the Cover Pool or Covered Bond Portfolio. 
Furthermore, certain authorities and third parties may require a power of attorney from the Issuer 
or its Lithuanian branch to accept the authorisation of the Cover Pool administrator or bankruptcy 
administrator. 
(iv) 
The statutory waivers of the notification or consent obligations provided in the ECBA would not 
be effective in Lithuania, and therefore, the separation of the Cover Pool and the Covered Bond 
Portfolio from the Issuer and the possible transfer of the Covered Bond Portfolio as a whole (which, 
pursuant to the ECBA, could be carried out by the Cover Pool administrator upon the consent of 
the EFSA) would be subject to all contractual and statutory consent and notification obligations 
required under Lithuanian law. In particular, there might be certain obstacles which would prevent 
the entire Covered Bond Portfolio and the Lithuanian Mortgage Loans forming part thereof from 
being transferred to another credit institution without the consent of other parties (e.g. the debtor 
or a third-party collateral provider) or local financial supervisory authorities. 
Laws applicable to assets included in the Cover Pool 
The claims under the Mortgage Loans and the mortgages that secure such claims, which form part of the 
assets contained in the Cover Pool, are governed by their contractual terms and various mandatory legal 
requirements and limitations arising from applicable laws, including mandatory consumer protection 
requirements, as well as rules and requirements relating to the right to enforce mortgages and dispose of 
the relevant property. To the extent that such requirements may restrict, limit, hinder or even prohibit certain 
actions in respect of the enforcement of the claims under the Mortgage Loans and the mortgages that secure 
such claims, there is a risk that the ability of the Issuer to realise the assets in the relevant Cover Pool may 
be delayed or may result in an increase in the costs of enforcement, that may ultimately lead to a reduced 
return to the relevant Covered Bondholders. 
Set-off by debtors of claims included in the Cover Pool 
The ECBA restricts the rights of debtors and third parties to set off their deposits or other claims towards 
the Issuer against the Issuer's claims arising from the mortgage loans which form part of the assets in the 
Cover Pool as further described in the sub-section titled "Assignment and acquisition of claims for 
formation of cover pool" under the section titled "Overview of Estonian Regulation Regarding Covered 
Bonds". Similarly, the Latvian Covered Bonds Law (as defined below) expressly prohibits set-off of 
debtors' and third party collateral providers' claims related to the assets in the Cover Pool. 
However, there are currently no equivalent provisions under Lithuanian laws in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
In Lithuania, mandatorily applicable laws in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus prohibit precluding 
or restricting a consumer's right to plead defences arising from a consumer credit contract against third 
parties to whom the obligee assigns the claims arising from the consumer credit contract. This means that, 
until such time when explicit prohibition on set-off is introduced in Lithuania, if the Covered Bond Portfolio 
or claims belonging to the Cover Pool are transferred to a third-party buyer, the Lithuanian debtors of claims 
which form part of the assets in the Cover Pool may be entitled to offset the relevant claims so transferred 
to the third-party buyer against their claims against the Issuer. To the extent set-off is permitted, a set-off 
by the borrower against the Issuer before the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio from the Issuer 
would require the Issuer to add additional assets to the Cover Pool, unless the Cover Pool satisfies the

--- Page 51 ---
- 42 - 
requirements of the ECBA regardless of such set-off. If such set-off is carried out by the borrower after the 
separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio from the Issuer, then the Issuer may no longer be permitted to 
add assets to the Cover Pool but shall be under obligation to transfer any proceeds or assets received 
(including by way of set-off) on account of the performance of any Mortgage Loans included in the Cover 
Pool to the disposal of the Cover Pool administrator. Should the Issuer be unable to fulfil such obligations, 
a set-off by debtors of claims which form part of the assets in the Cover Pool may reduce the amounts 
receivable from the assets in the Cover Pool, which may reduce the amounts receivable by the Covered 
Bondholders. 
Sharing of the Cover Pool 
Under the ECBA, Covered Bondholders (along with counterparties to Derivative Instruments) are given a 
statutory priority in the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer in relation to the assets entered into the cover 
register as collateral in respect of the Covered Bonds. Accordingly, notwithstanding that the Issuer has 
entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings (as well as upon certain other events prescribed in the 
ECBA), the Cover Pool shall separate from the Issuer and will form an independent pool of designated 
assets and the Covered Bondholders (along with counterparties to Derivative Instruments and persons 
entitled to satisfy their claims for the account of the Cover Pool by operation of law) have the right to 
receive payment before all other claims against the Issuer out of the proceeds of the Cover Pool. As 
described in more detail under the risk factor "Default of Issuer's Assets", if the Covered Bond Portfolio 
becomes insolvent, to the extent that claims of the Covered Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds 
are not met out of the Cover Pool, in the bankruptcy proceedings carried out in relation to the Covered 
Bond Portfolio the residual claims of the Covered Bondholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. Covered Bondholders will not have any preferential right to the 
Issuer's assets other than those entered into the cover register as collateral in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Given the pari passu ranking of the Covered Bonds and Derivative Instruments under the ECBA, in the 
event of the Issuer's liquidation or bankruptcy, the amount available to be paid to Covered Bondholders out 
of the Cover Pool on a prioritised basis may be affected by the amounts payable at the relevant time to 
counterparties of Derivative Instruments. 
The funds accrued from the assets entered in the Cover Pool of the Covered Bonds after the separation of 
the Covered Bond Portfolio are repaid in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds 
and Derivative Instruments and in accordance with provisions of the ECBA. 
Transfer of the Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool after the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio 
In case the Covered Bond Portfolio (consisting of the Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool and the Derivative 
Instruments entered into the Register) is separated from the Issuer, the Cover Pool administrator may, upon 
the permission of the EFSA, transfer the separated Covered Bond Portfolio in its entirety to another 
Estonian credit institution that has obtained the additional authorisation to issue covered bonds or to a credit 
institution of a Contracting State of the European Economic Area Agreement which is permitted to issue, 
in the country where it is established, covered bonds meeting the conditions provided for in Directive (EU) 
2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council (the "Covered Bond Directive"). Upon such 
transfer, all rights and obligations related to the Covered Bond Portfolio being transferred, including the 
liabilities arising from the Covered Bond Portfolio before the transfer of the rights and obligations, shall be 
transferred to the acquirer. The proceeds received from transfer of the Covered Bond Portfolio in its entirety 
shall be used to cover the expenses of management of the Covered Bond Portfolio. The funds remaining 
after all expenses are covered shall be included by the Cover Pool administrator in the Issuer's bankruptcy 
estate or other assets. Following such transfer, whether the Covered Bondholders receive all amounts to 
which they are entitled under the Covered Bonds and the value of the Covered Bonds shall be dependent 
on, among other things, the financial standing of the acquirer of the Covered Bond Portfolio. 
No market for collateral 
There is no assurance as to whether there will be a trading market for the collateral in the Cover Pool or an 
eligible transferee to take over the obligations relating to the Covered Bonds and the corresponding 
collateral after the insolvency of the Issuer or separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio.

--- Page 52 ---
- 43 - 
Failure of the Cover Pool to meet the requirements of the ECBA 
The Issuer will be required under the ECBA to comply with certain requirements of the ECBA as long as 
there is any Covered Bond outstanding. Under the ECBA, if the Cover Pool does not fulfil the requirements 
provided for in the ECBA, then the EFSA may (depending on the circumstances and the EFSA's discretion): 
(i) issue a precept requiring the Issuer to add additional Eligible Assets to the Cover Pool; (ii) decide the 
separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio from the Issuer; (iii) submit a bankruptcy petition with respect to 
the Covered Bond Portfolio; and/or (iv) revoke the Issuer's additional authorisation for the issuing of 
Covered Bonds. 
While there have been several covered bond issuances by the Issuer and also another Estonian credit 
institution under the ECBA, it must be noted that the Estonian covered bond law is relatively new and it 
may take some time for practice in regard to the ECBA (including the amendments made thereto in 
November 2021) and consistent interpretation of the requirements thereunder to emerge. Meanwhile, as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, there have been no investigations or proceedings towards the Issuer (nor 
any publicly disclosed investigations or proceedings towards any other Estonian issuer) for any breaches 
of or any non-compliance with the ECBA. 
To be able to fulfil the requirements of the ECBA continuously, the Issuer currently uses a third-party IT 
system for the management and monitoring of the Covered Bond Portfolio and related aspects (e.g. the 
fulfilment of the insurance requirements prescribed under the ECBA (please see the sub-section titled 
"Eligible cover pool assets" under the section titled "Overview of Estonian Regulation Regarding Covered 
Bonds" below)). This creates the risk of dependency on third parties and could have a negative impact if 
the vendor's systems are not fully suitable for the Issuer or in case there are any technical issues with the 
vendor's systems. Furthermore, the system has been developed based on the current interpretation of the 
requirements of the ECBA. Therefore, there is the risk that the system is not fully suitable for the Issuer or 
that technical issues with the system may occur. The materialisation of such risks could potentially affect 
the ability of the Issuer to fulfil the requirements of the ECBA. 
Any of the above risks could result in the holders of Covered Bonds receiving payment according to a 
schedule that is different than that contemplated by the terms of the Covered Bonds (with accelerations as 
well as delays) or that the holders of Covered Bonds are not paid in full, in part, due to the statutory limit 
to the priority of holders of Covered Bonds. 
Ability of Supervisor to declare Covered Bonds due and payable 
If the Covered Bond Portfolio is separated from the Issuer and the Cover Pool administrator is appointed 
for the Cover Pool and the Covered Bond Portfolio appears to be insolvent, the Cover Pool administrator 
is, under the ECBA, obliged to notify the EFSA promptly thereof. On the basis of such notification or in 
case the EFSA itself finds that the Covered Bond Portfolio is insolvent, the EFSA may apply to court for 
the initiation of bankruptcy proceedings with respect to the Covered Bond Portfolio. Under the Estonian 
Bankruptcy Act (which applies to the bankruptcy proceedings of the Covered Bond Portfolio, with certain 
exceptions provided in the ECBA), as of the declaration of bankruptcy, with respect to the Covered Bond 
Portfolio, all the claims of the creditors against the debtor are deemed to have fallen due unless otherwise 
provided by law. Covered Bondholders should be aware therefore that their Covered Bonds may be declared 
forthwith due and payable prior to their Maturity Date. 
Collection of Mortgage Loans and Default by Borrowers 
The Mortgage Loans which secure the Covered Bonds will comprise loans secured on Property. The Issuer 
will be under an obligation to substitute any assets that are, for any reason, no longer eligible for collateral 
with Eligible Assets in accordance with the ECBA. If the Issuer does not have sufficient Eligible Assets to 
add to the Cover Pool, the Issuer would breach its statutory obligations as stipulated by the ECBA. This 
could lead to the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio and possibly to bankruptcy proceedings in 
respect of the Covered Bond Portfolio. Under the ECBA, following the separation of the Covered Bond 
Portfolio from the Issuer's assets, the Issuer is no longer entitled to enter into any transactions in respect of 
assets in the Covered Bond Portfolio, which would, among other things, restrict the ability of the Issuer to 
top up the Cover Pool. 
A borrower may default on its obligations under its Mortgage Loan. Defaults may occur for a variety of 
reasons. Defaults under Mortgage Loans are subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks and rental

--- Page 53 ---
- 44 - 
yield reduction (in the case of investment Properties). Various factors influence mortgage delinquency 
rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as 
changes in the national or international economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, 
changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, 
political developments and government policies. In addition, other factors in borrowers' individual, personal 
or financial circumstances may affect the ability of the borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans. Loss of 
earnings, illness, divorce, weakening of financial conditions or results of business operations and other 
similar factors may lead to an increase in delinquencies by and bankruptcies of borrowers, and could 
ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans. In addition, an 
individual's obligation to repay a Mortgage Loan may in certain circumstances be discharged in part in 
his/her personal bankruptcy proceedings if the value of the collateral does not cover the entire loan and the 
borrower does not have sufficient other assets and earnings to discharge in the relevant procedure, or as a 
result of discharge of the borrower from obligations under proceedings for release from obligations. In 
addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a Property given as security for a Mortgage Loan at a price 
sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that Mortgage Loan will depend upon a number of factors, 
including the availability of buyers for that Property, the value of that Property and property values in 
general at the time. Any of the above circumstance may affect the level of proceeds receivable to the 
Covered Bondholders from the Cover Pool. 
Value of Security over Property 
The security for a Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Pool consists of, amongst other things, the Issuer's 
interest in security over a Property. The value of such security and, accordingly, the level of recoveries on 
an enforcement of such security, may be affected by, among other things, a decline in the value of Property 
and the priority of such security. No assurance can be given that the values of relevant Properties will not 
decline or have not declined since the Mortgage Loan was originated. Although Estonian and Lithuanian 
laws, in conjunction with the Estonian and Lithuanian mortgage agreements, allow the mortgagee to 
commence enforcement of the mortgage without having to obtain a court ruling for such purpose, it is still 
possible that depending on the circumstances, the enforcement of the security may require obtaining a court 
decision or may be affected by court proceedings initiated by the debtor or the pledgor to delay or restrict 
the enforcement of the security. In the case of Latvian mortgage agreements, a court decision is always 
required to commence enforcement of the mortgage. The ability of the Issuer to enforce a security interest, 
including disposal of a Property will depend on, inter alia: (i) the potential need to obtain a court ruling for 
the enforcement process and the specifics of the relevant court proceedings; (ii) the housing market or 
commercial property market conditions at the relevant time; (iii) the availability of buyers for the relevant 
Property; and (iv) the results of the specific enforcement process. 
Concentration of Location of Properties 
All Mortgage Loans contained in the Cover Pool will be secured on Property located or incorporated in 
Estonia, Latvia and/or Lithuania. The value of the Cover Pool may decline sharply and rapidly in the event 
of a general downturn in the value of Property in Estonia, Latvia and/or Lithuania. Any such downturn may 
hence have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds and/or 
the price or value of the Covered Bonds. 
No Due Diligence 
The Dealers have not undertaken and will not undertake any investigations, searches or other actions in 
respect of any Mortgage Loans or Supplementary Collateral contained or to be contained in the Cover Pool 
but will instead rely on representations and warranties provided by the Issuer in the Dealer Agreement. The 
Issuer is obliged to ensure the Cover Pool fulfils the requirements of the ECBA. 
Proceeds receivable to Covered Bondholders from the Cover Pool may be reduced by the payment of 
mandatory costs, expenses and preferred claims from the proceeds of the Cover Pool 
In accordance with the ECBA, after the separation of the Covered Bond portfolio, the Cover Pool and the 
proceeds received from it can be used only to satisfy the claims of the holders of the respective type of 
Covered Bonds and of the counterparties to the Derivative Instrument and to cover the expenses related to 
the management of the Covered Bond portfolio. The expenses related to the management of the Covered 
Bond portfolio would likely mainly consist of the remuneration of the Cover Pool administrator and the 
expenses he or she incurs in the performance of his or her duties. The remuneration of the Cover Pool

--- Page 54 ---
- 45 - 
administrator shall be decided by a court, on the proposal of the EFSA, which corresponds to the 
qualification of the Cover Pool administrator and the scope and complexity of his or her assignments. 
Pursuant to the ECBA in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the yearly remuneration of the Cover 
Pool administrator may not exceed 0.5 per cent. of the value of the cover assets included in the Cover Pool. 
There is no fixed limit on the reimbursement of the Cover Pool administrator's expenses but the ECBA 
provides that the Cover Pool administrator is only entitled to demand reimbursement of necessary expenses, 
on the basis of an application to the EFSA. The EFSA is obliged to verify whether the expenses incurred 
in the performance of the Cover Pool administrator's duties were justified and approve the amount of the 
necessary and justified expenses. 
In the event that the Covered Bond portfolio is declared bankrupt, the use and distribution of proceeds 
received from the Covered Bond portfolio shall be carried out in accordance with the Estonian Bankruptcy 
Act, among others, with the following specification provided in the ECBA: 
• 
only the Covered Bondholders, the counterparties to the Derivative Instruments who have a claim 
under section 48 of the Bankruptcy Act, and other persons whose claims may be satisfied at the 
expense of the Cover Pool or proceeds received from it according to law, can be creditors in 
bankruptcy proceedings concerning the Covered Bond Portfolio; and 
• 
claims arising from Derivative Instruments and Covered Bonds shall have the same ranking and 
shall be satisfied before the claims of other creditors. 
In accordance with the above, the following payments may be made from the proceeds of the Covered Bond 
Portfolio prior to the satisfaction of the claims arising from Derivative Instruments and Covered Bonds: 
• 
claims arising from the consequences of exclusion or recovery of assets; 
• 
maintenance support paid to the debtor and his or her dependants (which would not be relevant in 
case of a legal entity); 
• 
consolidated obligations; and 
• 
the costs of the bankruptcy proceedings. 
Consolidated obligations are: (i) obligations arising from transactions and other acts performed by a trustee 
in the performance of his or her duties in the bankruptcy proceedings; (ii) obligations arising from contracts 
which the debtor has failed to perform, if the trustee has continued performance of the obligations or given 
notification that he or she intends to require performance of the contract; (iii) taxes relating to continuation 
of the business activities of the debtor; (iv) obligations to compensate for the damage caused during the 
bankruptcy proceedings by an unlawful action of a debtor who is a legal person; and/or (v) other obligations 
deemed to be consolidated obligations pursuant to the Estonian Bankruptcy Act. 
In the event that any of the above described costs or expenses arise, such costs and expenses would be 
satisfied before the claims of the Covered Bondholders and the counterparties to the Derivative Instruments, 
meaning that that proceeds receivable by the Covered Bondholders and the counterparties to the Derivative 
Instruments on the account of the Cover Pool may be reduced. 
Covered Bond Legislation Untested and Subject to Modification 
The ECBA originally came into effect in 2019. In 2021, various amendments, including amendments 
resulting from the implementation of the Covered Bond Directive came into effect. 
While the legislative framework relating to covered bonds has been developing in recent years, the 
protection afforded to the holders of the Covered Bonds by means of a preference on the Cover Pool is 
based only on the ECBA and as at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no practical experience in 
relation to the operation of the ECBA and its interpretation by Estonian courts. Furthermore, the provisions 
of the ECBA may be modified from time to time after the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds. 
On 23 June 2021, the Latvian Parliament adopted a new covered bonds law (the "Latvian Covered Bonds 
Law") which implements the requirements set out by the Covered Bond Directive into Latvian law, as well 
as, among other things, expressly recognising the possibility of establishing covered bond programmes with 
a cross-border cover pool (including situations where Latvian assets form part of a cover pool of covered

--- Page 55 ---
- 46 - 
bonds issued under the laws of another jurisdiction). Pursuant to the Latvian Covered Bonds Law, inclusion 
by an issuer of an EU/EEA member state of assets of a Latvian branch of that issuer in its cover pool is 
permitted without the formation of a specific covered bond company, provided that the Latvian branch of 
the issuer ensures the management of Latvian assets included in the cover pool. The Latvian Covered Bonds 
Law provides for the following specific safeguards to the rights of the covered bondholders where the 
covered bonds are secured with a cross-border cover pool which is established (as is the case for the Cover 
Pool of the Issuer) without the formation of a specific covered bond company: 
• 
the Latvian Covered Bonds Law explicitly provides for the protection of Latvian assets included 
in the cover pool against claims of third parties and stipulates that underlying assets included in 
the cover pool may not be subject to enforcement, nor may any action be brought against the issuer, 
the disposer, the covered bond company or the manager in relation to the underlying assets, except 
where action arises from the covered bond claims; 
• 
the Latvian Covered Bonds Law further provides that any liquidation of the cover pool and 
insolvency proceedings or an equivalent procedure within the meaning of the law of the country 
under which the programme has been established shall be carried out in accordance with the laws 
and regulations of that EU/EEA member state, regardless of whether the collateral is located or 
registered in Latvia. If the laws and regulations applicable to the programme provide liquidation 
of the cover portfolio as an aggregation of property, bankruptcy (within the meaning of the 
regulatory enactments of an EU/EEA member state) or similar procedures in accordance with the 
said regulatory enactments, the relevant process in Latvia is considered to be an insolvency process 
of a credit institution of a member state. It therefore follows from the Latvian Covered Bonds Law 
that bankruptcy proceedings of the Covered Bond Portfolio in Estonia should be recognised in 
Latvia in respect to Latvian assets; 
• 
pursuant to the Latvian Covered Bonds Law, no notification or consent of the debtor or third-party 
collateral provider is required for the alienation of assets. Moreover, the Latvian Covered Bonds 
Law invalidates any agreement between a debtor and issuer by which the alienation or transfer of 
assets to another person is prohibited or restricted if the alienation of assets is performed by the 
issuer or the transferor in accordance with the Latvian Covered Bonds Law; 
• 
the Latvian Covered Bonds Law provides for the protection of undisclosed information and the 
principles of processing of personal data in relation to the assets included in the cross-border cover 
pool. 
• 
However, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no practical experience in relation to the 
operation of the Latvian Covered Bonds Law and its interpretation by Latvian courts. There is a 
possibility that the protections and safeguards for covered bondholders provided by the Latvian 
Covered Bonds Law will not be effective in practice (including due to the possible conflict between 
the laws of the jurisdiction under which the covered bond programme has been established and 
Latvian law). Furthermore, the provisions of the Latvian Covered Bonds Law may be modified 
from time to time after the issue date of any Covered Bonds. 
On 30 June 2022, the Lithuanian Parliament adopted a new law on securitisation and covered bonds of the 
Republic of Lithuania (the "Lithuanian Law on Securitisation and Covered Bonds") which, inter alia, 
implements the requirements set out by the Covered Bond Directive into Lithuanian law. The Lithuanian 
Law on Securitisation and Covered Bonds regulates the issue of covered bonds in Lithuania as well as the 
transfer of cover pool assets from the originator to another credit institution or special purpose vehicle, 
however it does not deal with situations where Lithuanian assets form part of a cover pool of covered bonds 
issued according to the on-balance sheet model under the laws of another jurisdiction. Therefore, adoption 
of this law has not eliminated or changed the impact of the issues described under the risk factor entitled 
"Risks associated with the insufficient legal framework in Lithuania for covered bonds issued under the 
laws of Estonia and covered by Lithuanian assets" above. 
Lithuanian laws currently in force do not contain any specific provisions on the inclusion of Lithuanian 
assets to the cover pool of covered bonds issued under the laws of another jurisdiction when covered bonds 
are issued without the transfer of cover pool assets to a separate special purpose entity, nor on the 
recognition in Lithuania of the protection afforded to such assets by the laws of other jurisdiction (see 
further – "Risks associated with the insufficient legal framework in Lithuania for covered bonds issued 
under the laws of Estonia and covered by Lithuanian assets" above).

--- Page 56 ---
- 47 - 
There is a possibility that any change to the existing legislation in Estonia, Latvia or Lithuania, may have 
an additional negative impact on the Covered Bonds, the treatment of Latvian and Lithuanian assets in the 
Cover Pool and the rights of Covered Bondholders in respect of Latvian and Lithuanian assets, as well as 
the potential to add Latvian and/or Lithuanian assets to the Cover Pool. 
No Events of Default 
The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer, 
and therefore the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not entitle Covered Bondholders to 
accelerate the Covered Bonds. As such, it is envisaged that Covered Bondholders will only be paid the 
scheduled interest payments under the Covered Bonds as and when they fall due under the terms and 
conditions of the Covered Bonds. As an exception to the above, under the ECBA, the Covered Bonds would 
become due and payable upon the declaration of the bankruptcy of the separated Covered Bond Portfolio - 
in such case, the Covered Bonds would become due and payable automatically, without entitling the 
Covered Bondholders to decide whether or not to accelerate the Covered Bonds. The absence of any events 
of default from the Terms and Conditions may make it less likely that the Covered Bondholders will recoup 
their investment in full in the event that the Issuer experiences financial distress. 
Limited Description of the Cover Pool 
Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Mortgage Loans 
and other Eligible Assets covering the Covered Bonds as it is expected that the composition of the portfolio 
of such Mortgage Loans and other Eligible Assets may change from time to time due to, for example, the 
inclusion and removal of Mortgage Loans to the Cover Pool from time to time. The Issuer does, however, 
have an obligation under the ECBA to publish certain prescribed information set out in the ECBA every 
quarter on its website relating to, inter alia, (i) the nominal value of outstanding covered bonds and of the 
cover pool; (ii) a list of all covered bonds under that covered bond programme with the International 
Securities Identification Numbers (ISINs), if any; (iii) the maturity structure of the covered bonds and the 
cover pool; (iv) the geographical distribution of the value of cover assets, at least to the accuracy of the 
country, based on the location of the property standing as security for a mortgage credit or commercial 
mortgage credit, and the location of the debtor or issuer in the case of other cover assets; (v) the type of 
property included in the cover pool, the total size and valuation method of the loans included in the cover 
pool; (vi) the distribution of substitute collateral, in terms of its value, between the types specified in 
subsection 20 (1) of the ECBA; (vii) the level of the liquidity buffer and information about the ratio between 
the total liquidity buffer and the payment obligations of the next 180 days; (viii) the percentage of the 
amount of substitute collateral, which has been in default for over 90 days or which the issuer estimates to 
be doubtful, in the cover pool; (ix) details in relation to market risk, including interest rate risk and currency 
risk, and credit and liquidity risks; (x) a list of the conditions suspending the maturity of a payment 
obligation; (xi) the amount of the main collateral, mandatory overcollateral and voluntary overcollateral; 
(xii) information about counterparties of derivative contracts; and (xiii) the methodology for calculating the 
ratio between credit and the value of the property standing as security for the credit. 
As the composition of the Cover Pool may change from time to time, there are no assurances that the credit 
quality of the assets in the Cover Pool will remain the same as at the date of this Base Prospectus or on or 
after the issue date of any Covered Bonds. 
Reliance on Derivative Transaction Providers 
The Issuer may from time to time enter into one or more Derivative Instruments in order to hedge against 
risks relating to the Covered Bonds or Mortgage Loans or other Eligible Assets placed as collateral for such 
Covered Bonds. 
To provide a hedge against possible variances in the rates of interest receivable on the Mortgage Loans and 
other Eligible Assets from time to time included in the Cover Pool as cover assets for the Covered Bonds 
(which may, for instance, include variable rates of interest, discounted rates of interest, fixed rates of interest 
or interest rate caps or collars) and the interest rate(s) under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer may from time 
to time enter into one or more interest rate derivative transactions, and to provide a hedge against possible 
variances in the currency in which payments will be made to the Issuer in respect of the Mortgage Loans 
and other assets from time to time held by the Issuer as collateral for the Covered Bonds and the currencies 
in which the Issuer will be required to make payments in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer may 
from time to time enter into currency swap transactions. If the Issuer enters into a relevant Derivative

--- Page 57 ---
- 48 - 
Transaction at the time of an issuance of Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall disclose in the Final Terms the 
nature of the hedge (for example, an interest rate swap transaction or a currency swap transaction) and the 
identity of the Derivative Transaction counterparty. 
If the Issuer does not enter into any relevant Derivative Transaction or any Derivative Transaction 
counterparty defaults on its obligations to make payments in the relevant currency and/or at the relevant 
rate of interest under the relevant Derivative Transaction, the Issuer and the Covered Bond Portfolio will 
be exposed to changes in the relevant rates of interest and/or the relevant currency exchange rates. Unless 
one or more new or replacement Derivative Instruments are entered into, the Issuer may not have sufficient 
funds to make payments under all Covered Bonds then outstanding and the Covered Bond Portfolio may 
not be sufficient to satisfy all the claims of the Covered Bondholders. 
Risks relating to the ratings of the Covered Bonds 
The ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme by one or more independent 
credit rating agencies express a relative ranking of creditworthiness. 
The expected ratings of the Covered Bonds will be set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Tranche of 
Covered Bonds. A rating agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgment of a 
rating agency if the credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined or is in question. If any rating assigned 
to the Covered Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Covered Bonds may be reduced. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time. A rating may not reflect the potential impact of all of the risks related 
to the structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of 
the Covered Bonds. 
In general, European (including United Kingdom) regulated investors are restricted under the CRA 
Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EU (which, for these purposes, includes the United Kingdom) and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. 
Such general restrictions will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU and non-UK credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered or UK registered credit 
rating agency or the relevant non-EU or non-UK rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended). If the status of the rating agency rating the Covered Bonds changes, European (including 
United Kingdom) regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and 
the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in European (including United 
Kingdom) regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary 
market. The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in 
such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating 
agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Covered Bondholders should note that at any time a rating agency may revise its relevant rating 
methodology or revise its current ratings criteria with result that, among other things, any rating assigned 
to the Covered Bonds may be lowered and/or in order to comply with any such revised criteria or rating 
methodology, amendments may be made to the transaction documents. 
Any changes to the methodology applied for rating covered bonds or the expectations a rating agency with 
regards to the nature of counterparty contracts and ratings of Cover Pool counterparties might lead to a 
downgrade of the Covered Bonds or re-affirmation of the Covered Bond rating and might require that 
certain amendments are made to the transaction documents to be able to satisfy the revised criteria. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer will not be obliged, following a change in rating methodology by a 
rating agency to amend any of the Conditions of a relevant Series to maintain the then ratings of the Covered 
Bonds.

--- Page 58 ---
- 49 - 
The Issuer may make modifications to the Conditions without the Covered Bondholders' prior consent 
The parties to the Agency Agreement are required to, without the consent or sanction of any of the holders 
of any Series of Covered Bonds, the related couponholders, concur with the Issuer in making any 
modifications to the transaction documents and/or the Conditions that are requested by the Issuer to comply 
with any criteria of the rating agencies which may be published after the date of this Base Prospectus and 
which the Issuer certifies in writing are required to avoid a downgrade, withdrawal or suspension of the 
then current ratings assigned by a rating agency to any Series of Covered Bonds. 
In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement are required to, and the Issuer may also agree to EMIR 
Related Modifications (as defined below), without the consent of the holders of Covered Bonds or 
couponholders of any Series subject to the Issuer certifying that the requested modifications of the terms 
and conditions applying to Covered Bonds of any one or more Series (including the Conditions), the related 
Coupons and/or any relevant Conditions are to be made solely for the purpose of enabling the Issuer to 
comply with any requirements which apply to it under Regulation (EU) 648/2012 (the "European Market 
Infrastructure Regulation" or "EMIR") ("EMIR Related Modifications") and such EMIR Related 
Modifications do not relate to a Series Reserved Matter.

--- Page 59 ---
- 50 - 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The documents set out below that are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are, where indicated, 
direct translations into English from the original languages of the parties documents. To the extent that 
there are any inconsistencies between the original language versions and the translations, the original 
language versions shall prevail. The information set out shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form 
part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
Luminor Group 2023: the 2023 annual report of the Issuer (the "Annual Report 2023") (excluding 
page 3), which includes at pages 30 to 84 (inclusive) the 2023 Financial Statements and the 
auditors' report thereon; available at https://luminor.ee/s3fs-public/documents/luminor-annual-
report-2023.pdf  
2. 
Luminor Group 2022: the 2022 annual report of the Issuer (the "Annual Report 2022") (excluding 
page 3), which includes at pages 26 to 81 (inclusive) the 2022 Financial Statements and the 
auditors' report thereon; available at https://luminor.ee/s3fs-public/documents/luminor-bank-
2022-annual-report.pdf ; 
3. 
The 2019 terms and conditions set out on pages 52-91 in the Base Prospectus dated 9 April 2019 
(as supplemented by supplements thereto dated 10 June 2019 and 20 February 2020) available at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_36a00cb3-c943-45fc-8067-8a3e6828d2a5.PDF; 
4. 
The 2020 terms and conditions set out on pages 55-100 in the Base Prospectus dated 17 April 2020 
available 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_30e49bdc-0e76-4e1d-9ff8-fd4a533632aa.pdf; 
5. 
The 2021 terms and conditions set out on pages 63-109 in the Base Prospectus dated 6 May 2021 
available 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202105/e9125778-50dd-41c8-aae9-c4dd2e5d866e.PDF;  
6. 
The 2022 terms and conditions set out on pages 59-105 in the Base Prospectus dated 28 April 2022 
available 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202204/76ba27d3-de70-48f0-982a-7f86075be942.PDF; and  
7. 
The 2023 terms and conditions set out on pages 56-102 in the Base Prospectus dated 28 April 2023 
available 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202304/4cd8d0c5-46d3-4c2f-bc89-51dc58a6741d.pdf. 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may also be inspected, free of charge, at Luminor Bank AS, Liivalaia 45, 10145, Tallinn, 
Estonia. 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which 
is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. In particular, the Annual Report 2023 and the Annual Report 2022 mentioned above contain 
references to "Chief executive's statement". Such "Chief executive's statement" does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Supplements 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, 
to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 60 ---
- 51 - 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information which is necessary to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses, financial position and prospects of the Issuer and of the 
rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the 
different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base 
Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known 
at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a 
Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in 
the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all relevant information. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes or (2) by a registration document containing the 
necessary information relating to the Issuer, a securities note containing the necessary information relating 
to the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a summary note. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 61 ---
- 52 - 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes issued under this Programme in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in 
the form of either a temporary global note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest 
coupons, or a permanent global note in bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest 
coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case 
may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global 
note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be 
issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the ECB announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the "Standards for 
the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for 
the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB 
also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem 
operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United 
States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the 
Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D 
Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest 
coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification 
as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global 
Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate 
of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however,

--- Page 62 ---
- 53 - 
that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has 
requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note; or 
 
(b) the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global 
Note has occurred (taking into consideration any applicable Extended Maturity Date in the case 
of any Covered Bonds represented by such Temporary Global Note) and, in either case, payment 
in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made 
to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of paragraph (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of paragraph (a) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c) if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 
30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global 
Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with 
its terms; or 
(c) the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global 
Note has occurred (taking into consideration any applicable Extended Maturity Date in the case 
of any Covered Bonds represented by such Permanent Global Note) and, in either case, payment 
in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made

--- Page 63 ---
- 54 - 
to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for 
payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of paragraph (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on the date on which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of paragraph (a) above) 
or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (paragraph (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of 
the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA 
C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially 
be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without 
such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of 
the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global 
Note has occurred (taking into consideration any applicable Extended Maturity Date in the case 
of any Covered Bonds represented by such Temporary Global Note) and, in either case, payment 
in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made 
to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for 
payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of paragraph (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (in the case of paragraph (a) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will 
be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or

--- Page 64 ---
- 55 - 
(c) if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global 
Note has occurred (taking into consideration any applicable Extended Maturity Date in the case 
of any Covered Bonds represented by such Permanent Global Note) and, in either case, payment 
in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made 
to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for 
payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of paragraph (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (paragraph (a) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note 
or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which 
they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note 
became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions 
of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to 
the following effect:

--- Page 65 ---
- 56 - 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered 
form ("Individual Note Certificates") or a global Note in registered form (a "Global Registered Note"), 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the new 
safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name of a common 
depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with 
the common depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note 
to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the 
relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates 
in accordance with its terms. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Registered Notes are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Notes are to be so held does 
not necessarily mean that the Registered Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect 
of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable 
for Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note 
which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(a) on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Note ", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business or 
(ii) any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf 
of the registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to 
complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and 
addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the 
principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the 
specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be 
effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect

--- Page 66 ---
- 57 - 
of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Note; or 
(b) any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of the Notes has occurred (taking into consideration any applicable Extended Maturity Date in the 
case of any Covered Bonds represented by such Global Registered Note) and, in either case, 
payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not 
been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of paragraph (a) above) or at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of paragraph (b) above) and the holder of the Global 
Registered Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder 
of the Global Registered Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant. Under the Deed of 
Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Registered Note will acquire directly 
against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Global 
Registered Note became void, they had been the holders of Individual Note Certificates in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary 
of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 67 ---
- 58 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of 
Notes which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State or in the United 
Kingdom, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of 
any Tranche of Notes may supplement, amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" above. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Luminor Bank AS (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
and Covered Bond Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 
5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and 
each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each 
Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms 
and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the 
event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement 
dated 29 April 2022 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any 
successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), Citibank 
Europe Plc as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression includes any successor 
registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), the paying agents 
named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression 
includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes) and the transfer agents named therein (together with the 
Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional 
transfer agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). In these 
Conditions references to the "Agents" are to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents 
and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them. 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in 
registered form ("Registered Notes"). Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of 
covenant dated 28 April 2022 (the "Deed of Covenant") entered into by the Issuer. 
(e) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Notes may be Unrestricted Senior 
Preferred Notes, Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Subordinated Notes or Covered Bonds, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Copies of 
the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing and copies may be obtained from 
Luminor Bank AS, at Liivalaia 45, Tallinn 10145, Estonia. 
(f) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions. 
Noteholders and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" 
and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies 
of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection by 
Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Agents, 
the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.

--- Page 68 ---
- 59 - 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s) " means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Additional Tier 1 Capital" means additional tier 1 capital for the purposes of the 
Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, delegated or 
implementing acts, regulatory or implementing technical standards, rules, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy and/or minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity then in effect in Estonia 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD, the SRM Regulation, 
BRRD, the Creditor Hierarchy Directive and those regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy and/or minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liability and/or loss absorbing capacity and/or the implementation of the Creditor 
Hierarchy Directive adopted by the Competent Authority, the Resolution Authority or any 
other national or European authority from time to time, and then in effect (whether or not 
such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they 
are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer); 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU as the same may be amended or replaced from time 
to time, including without limitation, by the Creditor Hierarchy Directive and Directive 
(EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 
98/26/EC; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally 
in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following 
day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in 
which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 69 ---
- 60 - 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to 
the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will 
be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last 
day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified 
number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Capital Event" means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the 
Competent Authority, that a change in Estonian law or Applicable Banking Regulations 
or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or 
after the Issue Date (including as a result of the implementation or applicability in Estonia 
of CRD on or after the Issue Date) which change was not reasonably foreseeable by the 
Issuer as at Issue Date, has resulted or would be likely to result in the outstanding 
aggregate principal amount of the Subordinated Notes being fully, or partially, excluded 
from inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, on a solo or consolidated basis, (other 
than as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital as applicable to 
the Issuer); 
"CIBOR" means, in respect of Danish Kroner and for any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Copenhagen interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently NASDAQ Copenhagen) in accordance 
with the requirements from time to time of the Danish Bankers' Association based on 
estimated interbank borrowing rates for Danish Kroner for a number of designated 
maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic CIBOR 
rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Competent Authority" means any authority having primary responsibility for the 
prudential supervision of the Issuer at the relevant time; 
"Conditions to Redemption" means the Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 
9(m) (Redemption and Purchase - Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase) or as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Covered Bondholders" means the holders of Covered Bonds; 
"Covered Bonds" means the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as Covered 
Bonds;

--- Page 70 ---
- 61 - 
"CRD" means the legislative package consisting of the CRD Directive, the CRR and any 
CRD Implementing Measures; 
"CRD Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU, as the same may be amended or replaced 
from time to time, including without limitation as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019; 
"CRD Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or 
other requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in 
conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by 
financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a solo or 
consolidated basis, as the case may be) to the extent required by the CRD Directive or the 
CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical standards released by 
the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof); 
"CRD Package" means the CRR and the CRD (together with any CRD implementing 
measures); 
"Credit Institutions Act" means the Estonian Credit Institutions Act; 
"Creditor Hierarchy Directive" means Directive 2017/2399/EU or any equivalent 
legislation that supersedes or replaces it; 
"CRR" means Regulation 575/2013, as the same may be amended or replaced from time 
to time (including as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of May 20, 2019) or similar laws in Estonia); 
"DA Selected Bond" means the selected government security or securities selected by the 
Determination Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the 
remaining term of the Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to 
the remaining term of the Notes; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA) " is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year

--- Page 71 ---
- 62 - 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed) " is so specified, means the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)][30×(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)](𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360×(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)][30×(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)](𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and

--- Page 72 ---
- 63 - 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360×(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)][30×(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)](𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Determination Agent" means an investment bank or financial institution of international 
standing selected by the Issuer after consultation with the relevant Dealer(s); 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax) " means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated 
and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with 
the requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other 
person which takes over the administration of that rate); 
"Extended Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 73 ---
- 64 - 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date or date of any final redemption; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 5(e) (Fixed Rate Note Provisions - Reset Note Provisions), the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum 
of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield 
on such security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on 
the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae 
for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae 
"Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) 
Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 
January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time) or, if such formula does not reflect generally accepted market 
practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption yield calculated in accordance with 
generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by the Determination 
Agent; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of 
another Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities 
or to purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such 
Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such 
Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
- Title to Registered Notes); 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised 
including (without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which 
would, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services 
the payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any 
forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a 
borrowing;

--- Page 74 ---
- 65 - 
"Initial Rate of Interest"" means the initial rate of interest specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or 
dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant 
Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each 
of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar 
months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
Interest Payment Date; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Junior Securities" means any (i) subordinated debt instruments or securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, on a voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, pari passu with the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
from time to time by the Competent Authority, (ii) instruments, securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, on a voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, pari passu with the Additional Tier 1 Capital of 
the Issuer or other subordinated and undated debt instruments or securities of the Issuer 
which are recognised as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer from time to time by the 
Competent Authority, (iii) share capital of the Issuer and (iv) any other subordinated 
security or obligation which ranks, or is expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes; 
"Make Whole Redemption Price" has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) (Redemption 
and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Mandatory Provision of Law" means any amendments, updates and/or modifications 
to the ECBA or any other applicable legislation passed after the date hereof by or on behalf 
of the Republic of Estonia or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to make such amendment, update and/or modification, which 
impacts the Issuer's obligations in relation to the Notes or the Covered Bond Portfolio; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Material Subsidiary" means: 
(a) 
on the basis of the most recent audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer, any 
Subsidiary whose total consolidated assets represent at least 10 per cent. of the 
total consolidated assets of the Issuer; or

--- Page 75 ---
- 66 - 
(b) 
whose total consolidated revenues represent at least 10 per cent. of the total 
consolidated revenues of the Issuer; or 
(c) 
any other Subsidiary to which is transferred either (A) all or substantially all of 
the assets of another Subsidiary which immediately prior to the transfer was a 
Material Subsidiary or (B) sufficient assets of the Issuer that such Subsidiary 
would have been a Material Subsidiary had the transfer occurred on or before the 
date of the most recent audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer, and 
a report by the independent auditors to the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary is or is 
not or was or was not at any particular time a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of 
manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the fixed leg payable with (and converted if necessary to) a frequency equivalent 
to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during 
the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate 
payments in the Specified Currency of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction 
in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset 
Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based 
on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate 
payments in the Specified Currency); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means the rate as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to 
Condition 5(e) (Fixed Rate Note Provisions - Reset Note Provisions), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, adjusted as necessary to match the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic 
mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and 
offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, adjusted as necessary to match the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes,

--- Page 76 ---
- 67 - 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Relevant Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, provided however that, if there is no such rate appearing on the 
Relevant Screen Page for a term equal to the relevant Reset Period, then the Mid-Swap 
Rate shall be determined through the use of straight–line interpolation by reference to two 
rates, one of which shall be determined in accordance with the above provisions, but as if 
the relevant Reset Period were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter 
than the length of the actual Reset Period and the other of which shall be determined in 
accordance with the above provisions, but as if the relevant Reset Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the actual Reset Period; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means, in respect of a Series of Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, the whole or any part 
of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of such Series at any time ceases or (in the 
opinion of the Issuer) will cease to count towards the Issuer's or the Group's eligible 
liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity (in each case for the purposes of, and in 
accordance with, the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations); provided that an MREL 
Disqualification Event shall not occur if such whole or part of the outstanding aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes ceases or (in the opinion of the Issuer) 
will cease to count towards such eligible liabilities, and/or loss absorbing capacity due to 
the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than the minimum period prescribed by 
the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations and/or as a result of reaching or exceeding 
an applicable limit in respect of eligible liabilities that may count towards the MREL 
requirements as applicable to the Issuer); 
"MREL Disqualification Event Effective Date" means (i) in the case of Restricted 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes and (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or such earlier date as may be permitted under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; 
"MREL Eligible Liabilities" means, in relation to Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) 
which are available to count towards the Issuer's and/or the Group's eligible liabilities 
and/or loss absorbing capacity; 
"NIBOR" means, in respect of Norwegian Kroner and for any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Norwegian interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the 
requirements from time to time of the Norwegian association for banks, insurance 
companies and financial institutions, Finance Norway – FNO based on estimated 
interbank borrowing rates for Norwegian Kroner for a number of designated maturities 
which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic NIBOR rates can 
be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 
9(c) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) 
(Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title 
and Transfer - Title to Registered Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 77 ---
- 68 - 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its 
principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call) " has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put) " has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Union or the United Kingdom as is selected (in the case of a 
payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing 
Noteholder upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to 
exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Quotation Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated 
or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Sterling Make 
Whole Redemption Amount, the Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, the

--- Page 78 ---
- 69 - 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount, the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Residual Call) or such other amount in the nature of a redemption 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is 
most closely connected with the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference 
Rate; 
"Reference Bond" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified 
or to the extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer 
outstanding on the relevant Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of 
redemption, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, (ii) if fewer than five but more than one such Reference Government 
Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such quotations, (iii) if 
the Determination Agent obtains only one such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotation, such quotation so obtained, or (iv) if no Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations are provided, the price determined by the Determination Agent (or failing 
which the Issuer, in consultation with the Determination Agent), acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum 
equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated 
yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price 
for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the 
Reference Bond Price for such Reference Date; 
"Reference Date" has the meaning given in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer 
(following, where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), 
or their affiliates, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective 
successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each 
Reference Government Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as 
determined by the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference 
Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) at the Quotation 
Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means CIBOR or EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Register" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date;

--- Page 79 ---
- 70 - 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the 
Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date 
on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has 
not been received by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the 
full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in 
the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated 
by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal 
or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on 
any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency 
of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings 
or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and any Subsequent 
Reset Date, as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Date" means: in respect of the First Reset Period, no later than the 
second Business Day prior to the First Reset Date; in respect of the first Subsequent Reset 
Period, no later than the second Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date; and, in 
respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, no later than the second Business Day 
prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period, or in each case as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Note" means a Note on which interest is calculated at reset rates payable in arrear 
on a fixed date or dates in each year and/or at intervals of one, two, three, six or 12 months 
or at such other date or intervals as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
dealer(s) (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms); 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case 
may be; 
"Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any 
Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer and/or the Group; 
"Restricted Senior Preferred Notes" means Senior Preferred Notes specified in the 
relevant Final Term as being Restricted Senior Preferred Notes.

--- Page 80 ---
- 71 - 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Senior Creditors" means creditors of the Issuer (i) who are depositors and/or other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and whose claims by law rank senior to the claims 
of the holders of the Subordinated Notes; or (ii) who are subordinated creditors of the 
Issuer (whether in the event of the winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer or 
otherwise, including holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) other than those whose 
claims by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, pari passu with or junior to 
the claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s) " has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation No. 806/2014, as the same may be amended or 
replaced from time to time; 
"STIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is calculated 
and published by a designated distributor (currently the Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the Swedish Financial 
Benchmark Facility (or any other Person which takes over the administration of that rate) 
based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and 
maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor 
banks (details of historic STIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date 
to (but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent 
Reset Date; 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period 
and subject to Condition 5(e) (Fixed Rate Note Provisions - Reset Note Provisions), the 
rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, 
any other Person (the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, 
whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove 
members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"T2" means the Trans-European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor or replacement for that system;

--- Page 81 ---
- 72 - 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"Tier 2 Capital" means tier 2 capital for the purposes of the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty of the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
"Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes" means Senior Preferred Notes specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes; 
"Zero Coupon Covered Bond" means a Covered Bond specified as Zero Coupon in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes or are Registered Notes, references to 
Coupons and Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes 
at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references 
to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 12 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other 
amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any 
other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such 
meaning or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such 
expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the 
Agency Agreement, as the case may be, as amended and/or supplemented up to 
and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of 
a Series of Bearer Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of 
one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the 
case of Bearer Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" 
and "Couponholder" shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 82 ---
- 73 - 
(c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may 
include a minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher 
integral multiples of a smaller amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the Register in accordance with 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will 
be issued to each Holder of Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each 
Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be 
recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, "Holder" means the person in 
whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, in 
the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Noteholder" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by 
law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing 
thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other 
than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and 
no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. No person shall have any right to 
enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) 
Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and 
(j) (Regulations concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be 
transferred upon surrender of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of 
transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, 
together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent 
may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the 
individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a 
Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes 
transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being 
transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes not transferred are 
Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the 
surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in 
respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender 
of a Note Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) 
above, the Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note 
Certificate of a like principal amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant 
Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer 
Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by uninsured first class mail 
(airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant Holder. In 
this paragraph (g), "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar 
or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as 
the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any 
tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection 
with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period 
of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of 
the Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes 
and entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer 
of Registered Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be 
changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the

--- Page 83 ---
- 74 - 
current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any Noteholder who 
requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status 
(a) 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes: 
(i) 
This Condition 4(a) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes or Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes (the "Senior Preferred Notes"). 
(ii) 
The Senior Preferred Notes and obligations in relation to any related Coupons 
resulting therefrom constitute senior, unsecured, unsubordinated, direct, general 
and unconditional obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu 
among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred 
by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
(iii) 
No Holder of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or related Coupons shall be 
entitled to exercise any right of Set-off against moneys owed by the Issuer in 
respect of such Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Coupons. Notwithstanding 
the provision of the foregoing sentence, if any amounts owed by the Issuer to any 
holder in connection with the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes is discharged by 
Set-off, such holder shall, where permitted by applicable law, immediately pay 
an amount equal to the amount discharged to the Issuer (or, in the event of its 
winding-up, insolvency and/or bankruptcy, to the liquidator or other relevant 
insolvency official (as the case may be and to the extent applicable)) and, until 
such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount 
discharged on behalf and for the benefit of the Issuer (or the liquidator or other 
relevant insolvency official of the Issuer) and accordingly not deem any such 
discharge to have taken place. 
(iv) 
The rights of holders of Senior Preferred Notes shall be subject to any present or 
future Estonian laws or regulations relating to the insolvency, recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms in Estonia which are or will 
be applicable to the Senior Preferred Notes only as a result of the operation of 
such laws or regulations. 
(b) 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
(i) 
This Condition 4(b) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the Final Terms 
as being Senior Non-Preferred Notes (the "Senior Non-Preferred Notes"). 
(ii) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and obligations in relation to any related 
Coupons resulting therefrom constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves. 
(iii) 
In the event of the winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the rights 
and claims (if any) of holders of any Senior Non-Preferred Notes to payments of 
the outstanding principal amount and any other amounts in respect of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes (including any accrued but unpaid interest amount or 
damages or other payments awarded for breach of any obligations under these 
Conditions, if any are payable) shall: 
(A) 
be subordinated to the claims of all depositors and other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer which are accepted in the relevant proceedings, 
provided that in each case such claims are not by mandatory provisions 
of law ranked, or by their terms expressed to rank, pari passu with the 
claims of holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes;

--- Page 84 ---
- 75 - 
(B) 
rank at least pari passu with claims of all other creditors of the Issuer 
which by law rank, or by their terms, are expressed to rank pari passu 
with the claims of holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(C) 
rank senior to any Junior Securities of the Issuer. 
(iv) 
No holder of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or related Coupons shall be entitled to 
exercise any right of Set-off against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Coupons. Notwithstanding the provision of the 
foregoing sentence, if any amounts owed by the Issuer to any holder in connection 
with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes is discharged by Set-off, such holder shall, 
where permitted by applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the 
amount discharged to the Issuer (or, in the event of its winding-up, insolvency 
and/or bankruptcy, to the liquidator or other relevant insolvency official (as the 
case may be and to the extent applicable)) and, until such time as payment is made, 
shall hold an amount equal to such amount discharged on behalf and for the 
benefit of the Issuer (or the liquidator or other relevant insolvency official of the 
Issuer) and accordingly not deem any such discharge to have taken place. 
(v) 
The rights of holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be subject to any 
present or future Estonian laws or regulations relating to the insolvency, recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms in Estonia which are or 
will be applicable to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes only as a result of the 
operation of such laws or regulations 
(c) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: 
(i) 
This Condition 4(c) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being Subordinated Notes (the "Subordinated Notes"). 
(ii) 
The Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Capital and obligations in relation 
to any related Coupons resulting therefrom constitute direct and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves. The Subordinated Notes that do not qualify as Tier 
2 Capital and obligations in relation to any related Coupons resulting therefrom 
constitute direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which will at all times 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
(iii) 
In the event of the winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the rights 
and claims (if any) of holders of any Subordinated Notes to payments of the 
outstanding principal amount and any other amounts in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes (including any accrued but unpaid interest amount or 
damages or other payments awarded for breach of any obligations under these 
Conditions, if any are payable) shall: 
(A) 
be subordinated to the claims of all Senior Creditors of the Issuer; 
(B) 
rank at least pari passu with the claims of all subordinated creditors of 
the Issuer which in each case by law rank, or by their terms are 
expressed to rank (to the extent such ranking is recognised by applicable 
law), pari passu with the Subordinated Notes; and 
(C) 
rank senior to any obligations of the Issuer which in each case by law 
rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank (to the extent such ranking 
is recognised by applicable law), junior to the Subordinated Notes of the 
Issuer (if any). 
(iv) 
The rights of holders of Subordinated Notes shall be subject to any present or 
future Estonian laws or regulations relating to the insolvency, recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms in Estonia which are or will 
be applicable to the Subordinated Notes only as a result of the operation of such 
laws or regulations.

--- Page 85 ---
- 76 - 
(v) 
No holder of Subordinated Notes or related Coupons shall be entitled to exercise 
any right of Set-off against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such 
Subordinated Notes or Coupons. Notwithstanding the provision of the foregoing 
sentence, if any amounts owed by the Issuer to any holder in connection with the 
Subordinated Notes is discharged by Set-off, such holder shall, where permitted 
by applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount discharged to 
the Issuer (or, in the event of its winding-up, insolvency and/or bankruptcy, to the 
liquidator or other relevant insolvency official (as the case may be and to the 
extent applicable)) and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount 
equal to such amount discharged on behalf and for the benefit of the Issuer (or the 
liquidator or other relevant insolvency official of the Issuer) and accordingly not 
deem any such discharge to have taken place. 
"Set-off" means set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy 
and, if "Set Off" is used as a verb in these Conditions, it shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(d) 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
Covered Bonds constitute unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves. The Covered Bonds are 
obligations issued in accordance with the Estonian Covered Bond Act (as 
amended from time to time), "ECBA" and rank pari passu among themselves and 
with Derivative Instruments entered into the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
ECBA. On declaration of the Issuer's bankruptcy and in certain other events 
stipulated in the ECBA, the Covered Bonds, together with the Cover Pool and the 
Derivative Instruments (the "Covered Bond Portfolio") will be separated from 
other assets and liabilities of the Issuer and form an independent pool of 
designated assets to be managed in accordance with the ECBA and to be used 
solely to satisfy the claims of Covered Bondholders and of the counterparties to 
the Derivative Instrument and to cover the expenses related to the management 
of the Covered Bond Portfolio. 
(ii) 
Pursuant to the ECBA, the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio will not 
affect the liability of the Issuer for the claims arising from the Covered Bonds. 
Furthermore, the payment obligations arising from the Covered Bonds are not 
subject to automatic acceleration upon the separation of the Covered Bond 
Portfolio, except as otherwise provided by mandatory provisions of the ECBA. If 
the Covered Bond Portfolio becomes insolvent, to the extent that claims of the 
Covered Bondholders in relation to the Covered Bonds are not satisfied in the 
course of the bankruptcy proceedings of the Covered Bond Portfolio, the residual 
claims of the Covered Bondholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(d): 
(iii) 
"Derivative Instruments" means derivative instruments included in the Cover 
Pool in accordance with the ECBA to hedge against risks relating to Covered 
Bonds and recorded, in accordance with the ECBA, in the cover register 
maintained by the Issuer. 
(iv) 
The rights of Covered Bondholders shall be subject to any present or future 
Estonian laws or regulations relating to the insolvency, recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms in Estonia which are or will be 
applicable to the Covered Bonds only as a result of the operation of such laws or 
regulations.

--- Page 86 ---
- 77 - 
5. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 8 (Covered Bond Extended Maturity Date) and 
Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the 
due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest 
in accordance with this Condition 5 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is 
the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the Fiscal Agent would only 
notify the Issuer once it has been directed to do so by the Issuer. 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more 
than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect 
of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the 
relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided 
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(e) 
Reset Note Provisions 
This Condition 5(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Reset Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. Such Notes shall bear interest 
on their outstanding principal amount: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms until (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate per annum equal 
to the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset 
Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal 
to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (subject to adjustment as described in this Condition 5) and on the Maturity 
Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after 
each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and (B) in the case of the 
Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in 
Condition 5. 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-
Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer or an agent appointed 
by it shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide its Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation as at approximately 12 (noon) in the Relevant Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question and the Issuer or an agent appointed 
by it shall notify the Calculation Agent of all quotations received by it.

--- Page 87 ---
- 78 - 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer or an agent appointed by it with 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the 
arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First 
Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Issuer or an agent appointed by it with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in 
the foregoing provisions of this paragraph (e), the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of 
Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination 
Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
6. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, save that 
Condition 8 (Covered Bond Extended Maturity Date) is always applicable to Covered 
Bonds (to which, for the avoidance of doubt, Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) 
may also be applicable) where an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 8 (Covered Bond Extended Maturity Date) and 
Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the 
due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest 
in accordance with this Condition 6(b) (both before and after judgment) until whichever 
is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day 
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the Fiscal Agent would 
only notify the Issuer once it has been directed to do so by the Issuer. 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: The Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period; provided, however, that if no 
rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, 
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate;

--- Page 88 ---
- 79 - 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of paragraph (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in 
the case of paragraph (iii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page 
or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable: 
(A) 
the Issuer or an agent appointed by it will request the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a 
quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested by the Issuer or an 
agent appointed by it, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean 
of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) quoted to the Issuer or an agent appointed by it upon request 
(and notified to the Calculation Agent by the Issuer) by major banks in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the 
Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant 
Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that 
if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic 
mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in 
no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, 
calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The 
Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to 
the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For 
this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(f) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified 
to the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of 
Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first

--- Page 89 ---
- 80 - 
day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount 
(on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish 
each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the 
Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(g) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition by the Issuer or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(h) 
Benchmark Replacement: In respect of any Notes, notwithstanding the provisions above 
in this Condition 6, if, after the issue date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of 
Notes, the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to a Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable), then the following provisions shall 
apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser and 
shall, to the extent practicable, consult with such Independent Adviser to 
determine a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the Issuer, (in consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) determines that there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate, and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread no later than three (3) 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the 
next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(h)); 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser prior to the 
Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) above, then the 
Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a 
Successor Rate or, if the Issuer determines that there is no Successor Rate, an 
Alternative Reference Rate for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 6(h)); provided, however, that if this sub-paragraph 
(ii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to 
the next succeeding Interest Period in accordance with this sub-paragraph (ii), the 
Rate of Interest applicable to such Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest 
Period (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period); 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance 
with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
shall be the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate for all 
future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(h)); 
(iv) 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance 
with Condition 6(h)(i) above, the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable

--- Page 90 ---
- 81 - 
manner shall determine an Adjustment Spread, which may be expressed as a 
specified quantum, or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable 
Adjustment Spread, and which Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or 
zero and shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate 
(as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of the Rate(s) of Interest 
(or the relevant component(s) thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate, as applicable; 
(v) 
if the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate and, 
in each case, any Adjustment Spread in accordance with the above provisions, the 
Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser) may also, following 
consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent, specify 
changes to the Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, 
Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Relevant Screen Page, and/or 
the definition of Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate or 
the Adjustment Spread applicable to the Notes (and, in each case, related 
provisions and definitions), and the method for determining the fallback rate in 
relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), which changes 
shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to 
the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(h)). An Independent Adviser 
appointed pursuant to this Condition 6(h) shall (in the absence of bad faith, gross 
negligence and wilful misconduct) have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent or Noteholders for any advice given to the 
Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 6(h). No Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with 
effecting the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, 
in each case, the Adjustment Spread or such other changes, including for the 
execution of any documents, amendments or other steps by the Issuer or Fiscal 
Agent (if required); and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread give notice thereof and of any 
changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (v) above to the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal 
Agent and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6(h), no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments 
to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 6(h), if and to the extent that, in 
the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the 
qualification of (i) in the case of Subordinated Notes, the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes as 
Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer (on a solo or consolidated basis, as the case may be) or (ii) in the case 
of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, such Notes being MREL 
Eligible Liabilities (in each case for the purposes of, and in accordance with, the relevant 
Applicable Banking Regulations) (iii) or, in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to result in the Resolution Authority treating a future Interest 
Payment Date as the effective maturity of such Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date for 
the purposes of qualification as eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity of the Issuer. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(h): 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer (in consultation with 
the Independent Adviser) determines should be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), as a result of the replacement of 
the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate with the relevant 
Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 91 ---
- 82 - 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended in relation to the replacement of 
the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made 
or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer (in consultation with 
the Independent Adviser) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in 
customary market usage in international debt capital market transactions for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect of bonds denominated 
in the Specified Currency, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) in its discretion 
determines would (when added to or subtracted from the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate, as applicable) result in a rate that is reasonably 
comparable to the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference 
Rate. 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen 
page or source, if available) that the Issuer determines has replaced the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate in customary market usage for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect of bonds denominated in the 
Specified Currency or, if the Issuer determines that there is no such rate, such other rate 
as the Issuer in its discretion (in consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) in its discretion determines is most 
comparable to the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable) has ceased to exist or to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as 
a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate that it will, 
on or before a specified date, cease publishing such Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate) 
and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (ii)(A); 
or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate that such 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate that the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred 
to in (iv)(A); or 
(v) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate that means that such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date

--- Page 92 ---
- 83 - 
and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (v)(A); 
or 
(vi) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate is or will, on or before a specified date, be no 
longer representative of an underlying market and (B) the date falling six months 
prior to the specified date referred to in (vi)(A); or 
(vii) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (including, without limitation, 
under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in 
the international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for 
the currency to which such reference rate relates, or any other central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of such reference rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority 
or any similar institution for the currency to which such reference rate relates, (b) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of such reference rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, (d) the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any part thereof, or (e) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, 
if available) that the Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser, and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines is a successor to, or 
replacement of, the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate 
(for the avoidance of doubt, whether or not such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate 
or Reference Rate has ceased to be available) which is recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
7. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions and Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is (i) applicable to the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, and (ii) applicable to the Covered 
Bonds only if the Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of 
any Zero Coupon Note or any Zero Coupon Covered Bond is improperly withheld or 
refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day 
on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or 
on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the

--- Page 93 ---
- 84 - 
Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
8. 
Covered Bond Extended Maturity Date 
(a) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms and the maturity of 
the Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 
9(n) (Redemption and Purchase - Extension of maturity to Extended Maturity Date) then: 
(i) 
such Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to 
(but excluding) the earlier of the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity 
Date on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full and the Extended Maturity 
Date. Interest shall be payable on such Covered Bonds at the rate specified in the 
relevant Final Terms on the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds 
in arrear on each monthly Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect 
of the interest period beginning on (and including) the Maturity Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date and 
each subsequent interest period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date. The final 
Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
the rate of interest payable from time to time under Condition 8(a)(i) above will 
be as specified in the relevant Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by 
the Calculation Agent, three Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of 
the first such interest period and thereafter as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
(iii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds to (and including) the Maturity Date, 
for the purposes of this Condition 8 the principal amount outstanding shall be the 
total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any 
payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with these 
Conditions. 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject 
(i) as provided in Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Notes) and (ii), in respect of Covered 
Bonds only, Condition 9(n) (Redemption and Purchase - Extension of maturity to 
Extended Maturity Date). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (but, 
in the case of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
the Subordinated Notes, subject to Condition 9(m) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase) in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (unless the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other 
period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms, (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if 
any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
(i) 
in relation to any Series of Notes, a Withholding Tax Event 
occurs; or

--- Page 94 ---
- 85 - 
(ii) 
in relation to any Series of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes where "Tax 
Event" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Term, 
a Tax Event occurs; 
and 
(B) 
both a Tax Certificate and a Tax Opinion have been delivered to the 
Fiscal Agent by the Issuer. 
However, where the Issuer would be obliged to pay additional amounts, 
no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: (i) where the 
Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as may 
be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment 
in respect of the Notes were then due; or (ii) where the Notes may be 
redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days (or such other 
period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to the Interest 
Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment 
in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9(b), 
the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 9(b). 
(C) 
For the purpose of this Condition 9(b): 
"Change in Tax Law" means any: 
(i) 
amendment to, clarification of, or change in, the laws or 
regulations of any Taxing Jurisdiction; or 
(ii) 
governmental action in the Taxing Jurisdiction; 
(iii) 
amendment to, clarification of, or change in, the official position 
or the interpretation of such law, treaty (or regulations 
thereunder) or governmental action or any interpretation, 
decision or pronouncement that provides for a position with 
respect to such law, treaty (or regulations thereunder) or 
governmental action that differs from the theretofore generally 
accepted position, in each case, by any legislative body, court, 
governmental authority or regulatory body in the Taxing 
Jurisdiction, irrespective of the manner in which such 
amendment, change, action, pronouncement, interpretation or 
decision is made known; 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is 
incorporated at the relevant time; 
"Tax Certificate" means a certificate signed by two directors of the 
Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent 
to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred; 
"Tax Event" shall occur if, as a result of any Change in Tax Law of the 
Taxing Jurisdiction, which becomes effective or is announced on or after 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes: 
(i) 
the Issuer is, or will be, subject to additional taxes, duties or 
other governmental charges with respect to such Notes as the 
case may be; or

--- Page 95 ---
- 86 - 
(ii) 
the Issuer is not, or will not, be entitled to claim a deduction in 
respect of payments in respect of such Notes as the case may be 
in computing its taxation liabilities (or the value of such 
deduction would be materially reduced); 
"Taxing Jurisdiction" means the Relevant Jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having 
power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof 
or any authority or agency therein or thereof, having power to tax in 
which the Issuer is treated as having a permanent establishment, under 
the income tax laws of such jurisdiction; 
"Tax Opinion" means an opinion of independent legal advisers 
(experienced in such matters and of recognised standing) in the relevant 
Taxing Jurisdiction stating that the circumstances constituting the Tax 
Event or Withholding Tax Event (as the case may be) are prevailing; and 
"Withholding Tax Event" shall occur if the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 
12 (Taxation) as a result of any Change in Tax Law, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes, and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
taking reasonable measures available to it. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (but, in 
the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes, subject to the Conditions to Redemption in Condition 9(m) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase) in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) on 
the Issuer's giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders, or 
such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the 
Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
applicable amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (together, if appropriate, with 
accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call)) at one 
of: 
(i) 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or 
(ii) 
the Make Whole Redemption Price. 
The "Make Whole Redemption Price" will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be: 
(i) 
if "Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified as being applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of 
the principal amount of such Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes 
multiplied by the price (expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing to the 
Issuer by the Determination Agent (if applicable), at which the Gross Redemption 
Yield to maturity on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Gross 
Redemption Yield (as determined by reference to the middle market price) at the 
Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus the 
Redemption Margin, as determined by the Determination Agent; or 
(ii) 
if "Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the 
principal amount of such Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes 
multiplied by the price (expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing to the 
Issuer by the Determination Agent (if applicable), at which the yield to maturity 
on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Reference Bond Rate at the

--- Page 96 ---
- 87 - 
Quotation Time on the Reference Date, plus the Redemption Margin, as 
determined by the Determination Agent. 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance 
with Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of 
lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent 
considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes 
have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders 
referred to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed, and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding 
Notes on such date. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so 
specified. 
(e) 
Issuer residual call: If "Issuer Residual Call" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable (but, in the case of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes, subject to Condition 9(m) (Redemption and 
Purchase - Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase)), and if, at any time (other than as 
a direct result of a redemption of some, but not all, of the Notes at the Make Whole 
Redemption Price at the Issuer's option pursuant to Condition 9(c) (Redemption and 
Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the outstanding aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes is 25 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes 
originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further Notes issued pursuant to 
Condition 19 (Further Issues) and consolidated with the Notes as part of the same Series 
shall be deemed to have been originally issued), the Issuer may redeem all (but not some 
only) of the remaining outstanding Notes on any date upon giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) (which notice shall specify the date for redemption 
and shall be irrevocable), at the Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call) together 
with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption.  
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable to Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes, the Issuer shall, 
at the option of the Holder of any Unrestricted Senior Preferred Note redeem such Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such 
date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(f), the Holder of a Note 
must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms), deposit 
with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto 
and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. 
The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put 
Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly 
completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 9(f), may be withdrawn; 
provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any 
such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such 
Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys 
is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof 
to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder 
in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for 
collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option 
Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with 
this Condition 9(f), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed 
to be the Holder of such Note for all purposes. No redemption at the option of Noteholders 
is permitted for Covered Bonds.

--- Page 97 ---
- 88 - 
(g) 
Early Redemption of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event: If "Early 
redemption pursuant to an MREL Disqualification Event" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable to a Series of Restricted Senior Preferred, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event in 
respect of any such Notes (but subject to Condition 9(m) (Redemption and Purchase - 
Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase)), the Issuer may at any time after the MREL 
Disqualification Event Effective Date, at its option having given not less than 15 days' nor 
more than 30 days' notice (ending, in the case of such Notes which bear interest at a 
floating rate, on a day upon which interest is payable) to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and delivery thereof shall oblige 
the Issuer to make the redemption therein specified), redeem all (but not some only) of the 
relevant Series of such Notes at their outstanding aggregate principal amount (or such 
other redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or at the 
redemption amount referred to in Condition 9(j) (Redemption and Purchase - Early 
redemption of Zero Coupon Notes or Zero Coupon Covered Bonds)) together with interest 
(accrued to but excluding the date of redemption, subject to these Conditions). 
(h) 
Early Redemption of Subordinated Notes as a result of a Capital Event: If "Early 
redemption pursuant to a Capital Event" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable to a Series of Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of a Capital Event in 
respect of any Subordinated Notes (but subject to the Conditions to Redemption), the 
Issuer may, at its option, having given not less than 15 days' nor more than 30 days' notice 
(ending, in the case of Subordinated Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, on a day 
upon which interest is payable) to the Holders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make the 
redemption therein specified) redeem all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes at 
any time at a redemption amount equal to their outstanding aggregate principal amount 
(or such other redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or at 
the redemption amount referred to in Condition 9(j) (Redemption and Purchase - Early 
redemption of Zero Coupon Notes or Zero Coupon Covered Bonds)) together with interest 
accrued to but excluding the date of redemption, subject to these Conditions. 
(i) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than 
as provided in paragraphs (a) (Scheduled redemption) to (h) (Early Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes as a result of a Capital Event) above. 
(j) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes or Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Note or a Zero Coupon Covered Bond at any time before 
the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note 
becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of 
this Condition 9(j) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(k) 
Purchase: The Issuer, or any of its Subsidiaries, may purchase Notes in the open market 
or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased 
therewith, and provided that any such purchases will be made in accordance with the 
Applicable Banking Regulations and subject to the prior approval of or permission (in the 
case of the Subordinated Notes) from the Competent Authority or (in the case of Restricted 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Competent Authority and/or 
the Resolution Authority (in each such case to the extent such approval is then required

--- Page 98 ---
- 89 - 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations). Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, 
at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, the Registrar for cancellation. 
Any refusal (in the case of the Subordinated Notes) by the Competent Authority or (in the 
case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Competent 
Authority and/or the Resolution Authority (if required) to grant its approval or permission 
as described above will not constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes. 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes that are redeemed and surrendered for cancellation by the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries (along with any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered 
with them) shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
(m) 
Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase: In the case of Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, other than in the case of a 
redemption at maturity in accordance with paragraph (a) (Scheduled redemption) above, 
the Issuer may redeem or repurchase relevant Notes (and give notice thereof to the Holders) 
only if such redemption or repurchase is in accordance with the Applicable Banking 
Regulations (if applicable) and it has been granted the permission of the Competent 
Authority (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or (in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Resolution Authority, and in addition if: 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase of the Notes, the Issuer replaces the 
Notes with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments (as applicable) 
of an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; 
or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority (in the 
case of Subordinated Notes) or (in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Resolution Authority that its own funds and 
eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements under the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that (in the 
case of Subordinated Notes, save as provided below) the Competent Authority or 
(in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes to the extent such Subordinated Notes have ceased to qualify, 
in whole but not in part, as Tier 2 Capital) the Resolution Authority may consider 
necessary; or 
(iii) 
(in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
only) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Resolution Authority 
that the partial or full replacement (as applicable) of its eligible liabilities with 
own funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance with the own funds 
requirements set out in the CRD Package for continuing authorisation; and 
(iv) 
(in the case of Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Capital) in the case of 
redemption before five years after the issue date of the last Tranche of any Series 
of such Subordinated Notes: 
(A) 
the conditions listed in sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) above are met; and 
(B) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) 
the Competent Authority considers such change to be sufficiently 
certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that the Capital Event was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the Notes; or 
(C) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a taxation reason 
pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that such 
change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable 
at the time of issuance of the Notes; or

--- Page 99 ---
- 90 - 
(D) 
before or at the same time of such redemption or repurchase, the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity and the 
Competent Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of 
view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(E) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
(the "Conditions to Redemption"). 
Any refusal by (in the case of the Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority or (in 
case of Restricted Senior Preferred or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Resolution 
Authority (if required) to grant its approval or permission as described above will not 
constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes. 
(n) 
Extension of maturity to Extended Maturity Date: 
(i) 
In respect of Covered Bonds only, if: 
(A) 
an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable; and 
(B) 
any of the following events has occurred: 
(1) 
the Issuer is declared bankrupt or a moratorium is declared in 
respect of the Issuer; 
(2) 
a court order made for the compulsory dissolution of the Issuer 
enters into force; 
(3) 
implementation of early intervention measures in respect of the 
Issuer on the basis of § 36 of the Financial Crisis Prevention and 
Resolution Act of Estonia, provided that the Estonian Financial 
Supervision Authority ("EFSA") grants permission therefor; 
(4) 
the additional authorisation for issuing covered bonds or credit 
institution licence held by the Issuer ceases to be in force; or 
(5) 
the EFSA resolves the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio 
from the Issuer on the ground that the Issuer is likely to become 
insolvent in the near future and such resolution takes effect, and 
(C) 
as a result of such an event the Covered Bonds are not redeemed in full 
on the Maturity Date at their Final Redemption Amount or within three 
Business Days thereafter, then the maturity of the Covered Bonds and 
the date on which the Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for the 
purposes of these Conditions will be automatically extended to the 
Extended Maturity Date. 
The Issuer may impose restrictions (which restrictions shall be effective 
upon notice being given to the Covered Bondholders as described below) 
on the circumstances in which such automatic extension can apply if it 
determines that such restrictions are required to ensure that the relevant 
Covered Bonds remain compliant with the ECBA. If the Issuer imposes 
restrictions on the circumstances in which such automatic extension can 
apply as described above, the Issuer shall give notice (which notice shall 
be irrevocable) to the Covered Bondholders (in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices)) and the Paying Agents as soon as reasonably 
practicable and, in any event, at least five Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date.

--- Page 100 ---
- 91 - 
In addition, the Issuer may amend (which amendments shall be effective 
upon notice being given to the Covered Bondholders as described below) 
the circumstances in which such automatic extension can apply if it 
determines that such circumstances qualify as permitted conditions for 
automatic extension of maturity under the ECBA (as in force at the 
relevant time). If the Issuer amends the circumstances in which such 
automatic extension can apply as described above, the Issuer shall give 
notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Covered Bondholders 
(in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices)) and the Paying Agents as 
soon as reasonably practicable. 
In the event the maturity of the Covered Bonds is extended, the Issuer 
shall redeem the outstanding principal amount of such Covered Bonds at 
their Final Redemption Amount on the Extended Maturity Date. The 
Issuer shall give notice to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices) and the Paying Agents as soon as reasonably 
practicable stating the basis on which an event under this sub-paragraph 
(n) above has occurred, and confirming that the Maturity Date has been 
extended to the Extended Maturity Date (subject to the expiry of the three 
Business Day period mentioned in paragraph (C) above). In addition, all 
or any part of the principal amount outstanding of such Covered Bonds 
may be redeemed on an Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity 
Date to and including the Extended Maturity Date. In such a scenario, 
the Issuer shall give notice to the Covered Bondholders (in accordance 
with Condition 20 (Notices)) and the Paying Agents stating its intention 
to redeem all or any of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds at least five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date. Any failure by the 
Issuer to notify such persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness 
of any redemption by the Issuer on the relevant Interest Payment Date or, 
as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date, or give rise to rights to any 
such person. 
If the relevant Final Terms do not specify an Extended Maturity Date, 
the events specified in Condition 9(n) (Extension of maturity to Extended 
Maturity Date) shall not trigger an extension of the Maturity Date and 
the Covered Bonds will be due and repayable in accordance with these 
Conditions, subject to mandatory provisions of Estonian laws applicable 
in relation to the events specified in Condition 9(n) (Extension of 
maturity to Extended Maturity Date). 
(ii) 
In the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bonds to (and including) the Maturity Date 
to which an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, for the purposes of this Condition 9(n) the principal amount 
outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the 
Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in 
accordance with these Conditions. 
(iii) 
Any extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds under this Condition 9(n) 
shall be irrevocable. Where this Condition 9(n) applies, any failure to redeem the 
relevant Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of 
such Covered Bonds under this Condition 9(n), shall not constitute a default, an 
event of default or acceleration of payment or other similar condition or event 
(however described) for any purpose or give any Covered Bondholder any right 
to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the Covered Bonds 
other than as expressly set out in these Conditions. 
(iv) 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds under this 
Condition 9(n), rates of interest, interest periods and interest payment dates on 
such Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding)

--- Page 101 ---
- 92 - 
the Extended Maturity Date shall be determined and made in accordance with the 
relevant Final Terms and Condition 8 (Covered Bond Extended Maturity Date). 
(v) 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds on any Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date, the 
redemption proceeds shall be applied rateably across such Covered Bonds and the 
principal amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level 
of that redemption. 
(vi) 
If the maturity of the Covered Bonds is extended to the Extended Maturity Date 
in accordance with this Condition 9(n) for so long as any of those Covered Bonds 
remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further Series of Covered 
Bonds, unless the proceeds of issue of such further Series of Covered Bonds are 
applied by the Issuer on issue to redeem in whole or in part the relevant Covered 
Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof. 
10. 
Payments - Bearer Notes 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (i) (Partial Payments) below, be 
made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of 
the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States in the manner described in paragraph (a) (Principal) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the 
Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying 
Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency 
in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at 
the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United 
States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation)) 
any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount 
of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing 
Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that if the gross amount available for payment is less than 
the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion

--- Page 102 ---
- 93 - 
of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of 
principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order 
of maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of 
such missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that where 
this sub-paragraph (A) would otherwise require a fraction of a missing 
Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its 
entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if 
less, the amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from 
the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if 
the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of 
principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of 
the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, 
the amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for 
payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in 
paragraph (a) (Principal) above against presentation and (provided that payment 
is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(f) 
is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for 
final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 9 (Redemption and Purchase) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and 
no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Bearer Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the 
Holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next 
succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further 
interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in 
respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer 
Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New 
York City if permitted by paragraph (c) (Payments in New York City) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer 
Note or Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a 
statement indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was 
at the time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming 
part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent 
for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any 
Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 15 
(Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged 
Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect 
of such Talon.

--- Page 103 ---
- 94 - 
11. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which 
the payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for 
any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in 
the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and 
(in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for 
any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in 
the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and 
(in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are 
subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of 
payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, 
payment instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business 
Day, for value the next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where 
payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments 
of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due date for payment 
and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of 
payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A 
Holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect 
of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment not being a Payment 
Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition 11 arriving after 
the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the 
Register and, in the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a 
statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant 
Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the 
Registrar's Specified Office on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the 
"Record Date"). Where payment in respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, 
the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address of the Holder in the Register 
at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date.

--- Page 104 ---
- 95 - 
12. 
Taxation 
Gross up: All payments (in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes: of interest only; or in the case of Unrestricted 
Senior Preferred Notes or Covered Bonds: of principal and interest) in respect of the Notes 
and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Estonia or any political subdivision 
therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. 
In that event, in respect of interest (for all Notes and Covered Bonds) and in relation to 
principal (for Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes and Covered Bonds only), the Issuer 
shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its 
having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, 
assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered 
for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that 
the Holder of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional 
amounts on presenting or surrendering such Note or Coupon or Note Certificate 
for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than the Republic of Estonia, references in these Conditions to the Republic of 
Estonia shall be construed as references to the Republic of Estonia and/or such other 
jurisdiction. 
13. 
Events of Default 
This Condition 13 does not apply to Covered Bonds. 
13.1 
Unrestricted Events of Default – Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 13.1 is applicable to any Series of Senior Preferred Notes specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes. 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes, or 
fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes, within seven days in the case 
of principal, or 14 days in the case of interest, in each case of the due date for payment 
thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any 
of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains 
unremedied for 30 days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any 
Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; 
or 
(c) 
Cross-acceleration of Issuer or Material Subsidiary: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is not paid when 
due or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period;

--- Page 105 ---
- 96 - 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity 
otherwise than: (a) due to a mandatory repayment requirement, in accordance 
with its terms; (b) at the option of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the relevant 
Material Subsidiary; or (c) (provided that no event of default, howsoever 
described, has occurred) at the option of any Person entitled to such Indebtedness; 
or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable 
by it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness, 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness not paid when due referred to in sub-paragraph 
(i) above and/or the amount of Indebtedness becoming due and payable prior to its stated 
maturity referred to in sub-paragraph (ii) above and/or the amount which has not been paid 
when due under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) above, individually or in 
the aggregate exceeds EUR 25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies); or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or order(s) from which no further appeal 
or judicial review is permissible under applicable law for the payment of any amount/an 
aggregate amount in excess of EUR 25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies) is rendered against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries and continue(s) 
unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the 
date therein specified for payment; or 
(e) 
Insolvency etc: (i) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is 
unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator is appointed in 
respect of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or the whole or a substantial part 
of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, 
(iii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a 
moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness 
given by it or (iv) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business. Insolvency under this paragraph (e) does not include the 
cases when any of the above specified actions are taken in regard to a Material Subsidiary 
of the Issuer for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation, 
restructuring or liquidation whilst solvent; or 
(f) 
Winding up etc: an order is made, or an effective resolution is passed, for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (otherwise than, 
in the case of a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganisation, restructuring or liquidation whilst solvent); or 
(g) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Republic of Estonia has 
an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) (Unsatisfied judgment) 
to (f) (Winding up etc) above, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered 
to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and 
payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount 
together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
13.2 
Events of Default – Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 13.2 is applicable in relation to any Series of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes only. 
(a) 
If any of the following events occur: 
(i) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal or other redemption 
amount due in respect of the Notes for more than ten business days or fails to pay 
any amount of interest in respect of the Notes for more than ten business days; or

--- Page 106 ---
- 97 - 
(ii) 
Winding-up, etc.: if any order is made by any competent court or resolution 
passed for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of 
reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution, 
the Holder of any Note may: 
(x) 
(in the case of paragraph (i) above) institute proceedings for the winding-up or 
dissolution of the Issuer, in each case, in Estonia and not elsewhere, and prove or 
claim in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer; and/or 
(y) 
(in the case of paragraph (ii) above) prove or claim in the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer, whether in Estonia or elsewhere and instituted by the 
Issuer itself or by a third party, 
but (in either case) the Holder of such Note may claim payment in respect of the Note only in the 
winding up or dissolution of the Issuer. 
(b) 
In any of the events or circumstances described in Condition 13.2(a)(ii) (Winding-up, etc.) 
above, the Holder of any Note may, by notice to the Issuer, declare such Note to be due 
and payable, and such Note shall accordingly become due and payable at its outstanding 
principal amount together with accrued interest to the date of payment but subject to such 
Holder only being able to claim payment in respect of the Note in the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer. 
(c) 
The Holder of any Note may at its discretion institute such proceedings against the Issuer 
as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding 
on the Issuer under the Notes (other than, without prejudice to Conditions 13.2(a) and 
13.2(b) any obligation for the payment of any principal or interest in respect of the Notes) 
provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings be 
obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable 
by it, except with the prior approval of the Competent Authority (in case of Subordinated 
Notes) or (in case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
the Competent Authority and/or the Resolution Authority (in either case, if such approval 
is then required under the Applicable Banking Regulations). 
(d) 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as provided in Conditions 13.2(a), 13.2(b) and 
13.2(c) above, shall be available to the Holders of Notes, whether for the recovery of 
amounts owing in respect of the Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of 
its obligations or undertakings with respect to the Notes. 
14. 
Undertaking of the Issuer 
This Condition 14 applies in respect of Covered Bonds only. 
On declaration of the Issuer's bankruptcy and in certain other events stipulated in the ECBA, the 
Covered Bond Portfolio will be separated from other assets and liabilities of the Issuer and form 
an independent pool of designated assets to be managed in accordance with the ECBA and to be 
used solely to satisfy the claims of Covered Bondholders and of the counterparties to the Derivative 
Instrument and to cover the expenses related to the management of the Covered Bond Portfolio. In 
such a scenario, the Issuer undertakes to fully co-operate with the Cover Pool Administrator or the 
bankruptcy administrator appointed with respect to the insolvent Covered Bond Portfolio 
("Relevant Authority") to facilitate such Relevant Authority's ability to carry out its rights and 
obligations under the ECBA in Latvia and Lithuania, including the providing of any powers of 
attorney in the form required by such Relevant Authority (and procuring that the Latvian and 
Lithuanian branches of the Issuer provide the same, whenever required) in such Relevant 
Authority's favour authorising such Relevant Authority to act on behalf of the Issuer. 
15. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes 
are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in 
respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment

--- Page 107 ---
- 98 - 
within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption 
in respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are 
surrendered for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
16. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, 
in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses 
incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity 
and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates 
or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
17. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar or 
Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar; 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer 
shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the 
place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders. 
18. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the 
modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made 
if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer and shall be convened by them upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding 
not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The 
quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or 
more Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; 
provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or 
representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and 
Couponholders, whether present or not.

--- Page 108 ---
- 99 - 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such 
other method (which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video 
conference). 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the 
time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if 
it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error 
or is to comply with Mandatory Provision of Law. In addition, the parties to the Agency 
Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of 
such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Modification of Senior Restricted Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes: Any modification or waiver of these Conditions which affects Senior Restricted 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes will, in each case, be effected 
in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(d) 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders and Modification of Covered Bonds: 
In addition to the modification provisions set out at paragraphs (a) (Meetings of 
Noteholders) and (b) (Modification) above and in Condition 9(m) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Conditions to Redemption or Repurchase), the Issuer may without the consent 
of any of the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders of any Series at any time make: 
(i) 
any modifications to the Conditions (in relation to the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds) that are necessary (as determined by the Issuer acting reasonably) to 
comply with any criteria of the rating agencies which may be published after the 
Issue Date and which the Issuer certifies in writing (to the Agent and to the holders 
of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds) are required to avoid a downgrade, 
withdrawal or suspension of the then current ratings assigned by a rating agency 
to such Series of the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
EMIR Related Modifications (as defined below), and which the Issuer certifies 
(to the Agent and to the holders of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds) are to 
be made solely for the purpose of enabling the Issuer to comply with any 
requirements which apply to it under Regulation (EU) 648/2012 (the "European 
Market 
Infrastructure 
Regulation" 
or 
"EMIR") ("EMIR 
Related 
Modifications") and such EMIR Related Modifications do not relate to a Series 
Reserved Matter; 
(e) 
"Series Reserved Matter" in relation to Covered Bonds of a Series means: 
(i) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, 
modification of the method of calculating the amount payable or modification of 
the date of payment or, where applicable, modification of the method of 
calculating the date of payment in respect of any principal or interest in respect 
of the Covered Bonds of such Series other than in accordance with the terms 
thereof (except any such reduction, cancellation or modification made in 
accordance with Condition 6(h) (Floating Rate Note Provisions – Benchmark 
Replacement)); 
(ii) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds and 
Coupons of such Series are to be made; 
(iii) 
alteration of the quorum or majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution;

--- Page 109 ---
- 100 - 
(iv) 
the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the 
Covered Bonds of such Series for or the conversion of the Covered Bonds of such 
Series into, or the cancellation of the Covered Bonds of such Series in 
consideration of, shares, stock, covered bonds, bonds, debentures, debenture 
stock and/or other obligations and/or securities of the Issuer or any other company 
formed or to be formed, or for or into or in consideration of cash, or partly for or 
into or in consideration of such shares, stock, bonds, covered bonds, debentures, 
debenture stock and/or other obligations; and 
(v) 
alteration of this definition of Series Reserved Matter. 
(f) 
Limitations on Modification of Covered Bonds: Any modification or waiver of these 
Conditions which affects Covered Bonds may not be effected to the extent such 
modification would contradict mandatory provisions of the ECBA. 
19. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
20. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a 
leading English language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be 
the Financial Times) or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English 
language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published 
in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made 
in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have 
notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first 
class mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their 
respective addresses on the Register or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading 
English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. 
21. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in 
which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency 
(the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, 
(b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or 
judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on 
the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy 
between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first 
currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder 
may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon 
receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or 
proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action. 
22. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with

--- Page 110 ---
- 101 - 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
23. 
Substitution and Variation 
This Condition 23 is only applicable to Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
If "Substitution and Variation pursuant to Condition 23" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, if at any time an MREL Disqualification Event, a Capital Event, Withholding Tax 
Event or Tax Event occurs, or to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 25 
(Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), the Issuer may, subject to the 
Applicable Banking Regulations (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Holders) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent (in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement) and the Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at 
any time either: 
(a) 
substitute all (but not some only) of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (as applicable) for new Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (as applicable), which are 
Qualifying Securities; or 
(b) 
vary the terms of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes (as applicable) so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Securities, 
provided that, in each case: 
(i) 
such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to 
redeem the varied or substituted securities; and 
(ii) 
such variation or substitution would not itself directly lead to a downgrade in any 
of the solicited credit ratings of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (as applicable) as assigned to such 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes (as applicable) by any Rating Agency immediately prior to such variation 
or substitution (unless any such downgrade is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 25 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in 
and Loss Absorption Powers); and 
(iii) 
such variation or substitution is not materially less favourable to holders (unless 
any such prejudice is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 25 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)). 
For the avoidance of doubt, any such substitution or variation shall not be deemed to be a 
modification or amendment for the purposes of Condition 18 (Meetings of Noteholders; 
Modification and Waiver). 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 23 is subject to the Issuer obtaining 
prior written consent of (in the case of the Subordinated Notes) the Competent Authority or (in the 
case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Resolution Authority 
and/or the Competent Authority (if such approval is then required under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations) and complying with the rules of any competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system by or on which the Notes are, for the time being, listed, traded and/or quoted.

--- Page 111 ---
- 102 - 
For the purpose of this Condition 23 a variation or substitution shall be "materially less favourable 
to holders" if such varied or substituted securities do not: 
(i) 
include a ranking at least equal to that of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (as applicable) pursuant to 
Condition 4 (Status), as applicable; 
(ii) 
have the same interest rate and the same interest payment dates as those from time 
to time applying to the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Subordinated Notes (as applicable); 
(iii) 
have equivalent redemption rights as the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (as applicable); 
(iv) 
have the same currency of payment, maturity, denomination and original 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount as the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (as applicable) prior to such 
variation or substitution; 
(v) 
preserve any existing rights under the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (as applicable) to any accrued 
interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the 
interest payment date last preceding the date of substitution or variation; or 
(vi) 
have a listing on a recognised stock exchange if the Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (as applicable) were 
listed immediately prior to such variation or substitution; and 
"Qualifying Securities" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that contain 
terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to qualify towards the Issuer's 
eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity (in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes to the extent that such Subordinated Notes have 
ceased to qualify, in whole but not in part, as Tier 2 Capital) or Tier 2 Capital (in the case of all 
other Subordinated Notes), in each case for the purposes of, and in accordance with, the relevant 
Applicable Banking Regulations to at least the same extent as the Notes prior to the relevant Capital 
Event. 
24. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by English law, except for: 
(i) 
Condition 4(b) (Status - Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes), Condition 4(c) 
(Status - Status of the Subordinated Notes) and Condition 4(d) (Status - Status of 
the Covered Bonds), and the provisions relating to coverage of the Covered Bonds 
and the Coupons pursuant to the ECBA; 
(ii) 
Condition 25 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers); 
(iii) 
other provisions relating to the Covered Bonds, where provisions of Estonian laws 
mandatorily apply to covered bonds issued by an issuer incorporated in Estonia, 
which shall be governed by Estonian law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
"Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual 
obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate 
and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the 
contrary.

--- Page 112 ---
- 103 - 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Notwithstanding 
paragraph (b) (English courts), any Noteholder may take proceedings relating to a Dispute 
("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, 
Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and 
any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served 
on it by being delivered to Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at its registered 
office at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom, or to such 
other person with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other address in England 
or Wales as the Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders. Nothing in this 
paragraph (e) shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law. This paragraph (e) applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings 
elsewhere. 
25. 
Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Holder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 25, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of the 
Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may 
be subject to the exercise of such Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers as may be exercised by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in some 
or any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, 
and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or 
obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of 
the terms of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
and 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
"Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers" means any loss absorption, write-down, 
conversion, transfer, modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from 
time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, the SRM Regulation, or any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Republic of Estonia, relating to (i) the 
transposition of the BRRD and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, 
as applicable, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) 
can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with 
any accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes. References to 
such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not 
been paid, prior to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority.

--- Page 113 ---
- 104 - 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to 
exercise any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer and/or the Group. 
The exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
will not constitute an Event of Default for any purposes in respect of the Notes or the Covered 
Bonds.

--- Page 114 ---
- 105 - 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"EU MiFID II")][EU MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its 
obligations pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are 
["prescribed capital markets products "]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital

--- Page 115 ---
- 106 - 
markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018).] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
LUMINOR BANK AS 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note and Covered Bond Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 25 April 2024 [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information.]1] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base 
prospectus with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [2 October 2018] / [9 April 2019 / [17 April 
2020] / [6 May 2021] / [28 April 2022] / [23 April 2023]. These Final Terms contain the final terms of 
the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 25 April 2024 [and the 
supplemental Base Prospectus dated [date]] in order to obtain all the relevant information which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus 
dated [2 October 2018]/[9 April 2019]/[17 April 2020]/[6 May 2021]/[28 April 2022]/[23 April 2023] 
and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation.] 
The Base Prospectus [is] [are] available for viewing on the website of The Irish Stock Exchange plc 
trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") ([https://live.euronext.com/]) and is also available 
at the Luminor Bank AS website https://luminor.ee/investors#prospectuses. Copies may also be 
obtained from the registered office of Luminor Bank AS. 
The expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[In accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the 
issuance of the Notes described herein.]2 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[•] 
2. 
[(i) 
Series Number:] 
[•] 
 
1 
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to 
be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
2 
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area or the UK nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 116 ---
- 107 - 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable] / [The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [•] on [[•]/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 25 below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [•]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
[(i)] 
[Series]: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount plus accrued 
interest from [•] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[•] / [Issue Date] / [Not Applicable] 
8. 
(i) 
Maturity Date: 
(ii) 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[•] 
[•] / [Not Applicable]3 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date:]  
 
 
[•] per cent. Fixed Rate 
 
 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] [+/–] [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Reset Notes] 
 
 
(see paragraph 14/15/16/17/20 below) 
 
 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date (if 
applicable): 
 
 
[•] per cent. Fixed Rate 
 
 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] [+/–] [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
3 
Only applies to Covered Bonds.

--- Page 117 ---
- 108 - 
[Reset Notes] 
 
 
(see paragraph 18/19 below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount.] 
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 14, 15, 18 and 19 below and 
identify there] / [Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
(See paragraph 21/22/23 below) 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes] 
[Restricted Senior Preferred Notes] 
[Senior Non Preferred Notes] 
[Subordinated Notes] 
[Covered Bonds] 
 
(ii) 
Date Board approval for 
issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[[•] and [•], respectively] / [Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
The Initial Rate of Interest is [•] per cent. per annum 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling in/on [•] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / [Actual] / [Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[•]

--- Page 118 ---
- 109 - 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment 
Date: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention] / [Following Business Day 
Convention] / [Modified Following Business Day 
Convention] / [Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] / [•] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[[•] shall be the Calculation Agent/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Provisions relating to 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[STIBOR] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
(viii) 
Linear interpolation:  
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [•] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[•] 
 
(xiii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[[•] shall be the Calculation Agent/Not Applicable] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum

--- Page 119 ---
- 110 - 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation to Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[•] 
[30/360] / [Actual / Actual (ICMA/ISDA/other)] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield:  
[•] per cent. per annum  
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation to Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[30/360] / [Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA/other)]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE FROM THE 
MATURITY DATE TO THE EXTENDED MATURITY DATE 
18. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / [Actual] / [Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
19. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment 
Date: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
[[•] shall be the Calculation Agent/Not Applicable]

--- Page 120 ---
- 111 - 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
 
(vii) 
Provisions relating to 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
(viii) 
Linear interpolation:   
[Not Applicable/ Applicable - the rate of interest for the 
[long]/[short] [first]/[last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [•] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[•] 
 
(xiii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[[•] shall be the Calculation Agent/Not Applicable] 
20. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[±] [•] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[±] [•] per cent. per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date [[in each case,] subject to adjustment in accordance 
with paragraph 20(xv)] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
up to (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [•]]/ [Not Applicable]

--- Page 121 ---
- 112 - 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[•] [subject to adjustment in accordance with paragraph 
20(xv)] 
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [•] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with paragraph 20(xv)] 
 
(ix) 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] / [•] [and [•]] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 20(xv)] 
 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(xi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate] / [Mean Mid-Swap Rate] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / [30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xiv) 
Reset 
Determination 
Dates: 
[[•] in each year] / [The provisions in the Conditions apply] 
 
(xv) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified Business 
Day Convention] / [Preceding Business Day Convention] / 
[FRN Convention] / [Floating Rate Convention] / 
[Eurodollar Convention] / [No Adjustment] 
 
(xvi) 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
(xvii) 
Determination Agent: 
[•] 
 
(xviii) Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[EURIBOR / CIBOR / NIBOR / STIBOR] 
 
(xix) 
Other terms relating to 
Reset Notes: 
Not Applicable / [•] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21. 
Call Option 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] / [Make Whole Redemption 
Price in the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) falling 
[on] / [in the period from and including [date] to but 
excluding] [date] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount (Residual Call): 
[Not Applicable]/ [[•] per Calculation Amount]  
 
(iv) 
Make Whole 
Redemption Price: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount] / [Sterling 
Make Whole Redemption Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs(a) – 
(c) of this paragraph)

--- Page 122 ---
- 113 - 
 
(a) 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[•] per cent. 
 
(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Quotation Time: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(vi) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
 
(vii) 
Early redemption 
following a Capital 
Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Early redemption 
following a Tax Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Early redemption 
following an MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
MREL Disqualification 
Event Effective Date: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
22. 
Put Option 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Not to be included for any issue of Covered Bonds) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
and method, if any, of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
[•] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 123 ---
- 114 - 
on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]] 
Where the exchange to Definitive Notes is permitted at the 
option of the Noteholder ensure that the specified 
denominations do not permit a smaller integral amount. 
(The exchange upon notice/at any time options should not 
be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination 
of the Notes includes language substantially to the following 
effect: "€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess 
thereof up to and including €199,000". 
Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction is 
not permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which is 
to be represented on issue by a Permanent Bearer Global 
Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
[Registered Notes: 
[Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances described in the Global Registered Note] 
and 
[Global Registered Note registered in the name of a nominee 
for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (NSS)).] 
26. 
New 
Global 
Note 
/ 
New 
Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes] / [No] 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) 
or other special provisions 
relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable] / [give details]. 
Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment, and 
not the end dates of interest periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-paragraphs 
15(v) and 19(v) relate 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes 
[Yes]/[No]. [As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are left.]

--- Page 124 ---
- 115 - 
(and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
29. 
Substitution 
and 
Variation 
pursuant to Condition 23: 
[Applicable following a [Capital Event / MREL 
Disqualification Event / Withholding Tax Event / Tax 
Event]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]: 
 
By:  .......................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 125 ---
- 116 - 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin with effect from [•]. Application 
is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin with effect from [•]. [Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected] to be rated] 
/ [The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of 
this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
[Moody's Investors Service Limited: [•]] 
[•] 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation"). [Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the 
latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies 
(as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA 
website http://www.esma.europa.eu. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation 
").]/[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation but has applied for

--- Page 126 ---
- 117 - 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and has applied 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision has 
not yet been provided by the [relevant competent authority] 
/ [European Securities and Markets Authority]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and not applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation"). [The rating [Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 127 ---
- 118 - 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
and registered in the EEA or certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
FCA 
website: 
https://data.fca.org.uk/#/cra/crasearch. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation.] 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation AND/OR 
under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK 
but the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")]. 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation but CRA is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation AND/OR under 
the UK CRA Regulation  
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK 
but is certified under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation")] [and] [Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation")].

--- Page 128 ---
- 119 - 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK 
nor certified under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK 
and is not certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in either the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
 
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and [its] 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Notes / Reset Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
[FISN: 
[[See / [[include code], as updated as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]  
 
[CFI Code: 
 
 
[[See / [[include code], as updated as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]

--- Page 129 ---
- 120 - 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream. 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free] of payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper [include this text for registered notes] and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper include this text for registered notes. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
6. 
DERIVATIVE 
INSTRUMENTS 
(to be completed in respect of an issuance of Covered Bonds) 
 
Derivative Instruments applicable 
to issuance of Covered Bonds: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
 
(If "No" delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Type 
of 
Derivative 
Instruments: 
Interest Rate Swap Transaction/ Currency Swap Transaction 
 
(ii) 
Description of Derivative 
Instruments: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Derivative Instruments as 
specific collateral for this 
issuance: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
(iv) 
Swap counterparty: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Collateral 
posting 
requirements: 
[•] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]

--- Page 130 ---
- 121 - 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names 
of 
Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s), 
if 
any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category [2]; 
 
 
(In the case of Bearer Notes) TEFRA C/TEFRA D] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, 
or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, or 
the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(vii) 
Relevant Benchmarks: 
[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[STIBOR] is provided by 
administrator [legal name, repeat as necessary]. As at the 
date hereof, administrator [legal name] [appears/does not 
appear] [repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far 
as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [CIBOR] / 
[EURIBOR] / [NIBOR] / [STIBOR] does not fall within the 
scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
PROCEEDS: 
 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
 
[See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base Prospectus.]/ 
[____________] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[          ]

--- Page 131 ---
- 122 - 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, 
for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a 
common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, 
common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered 
Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held 
by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common 
safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each 
an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the 
Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising 
under such Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, 
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note will be 
determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any 
other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a 
Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in 
respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a 
summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or 
Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest 
accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in 
respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, shall be, if the currency 
of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is 
not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System 
Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being 
held is open for business.

--- Page 132 ---
- 123 - 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(f) (Redemption and 
Purchase - Redemption at the option of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder 
of a Global Registered Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the 
relevant Note give notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent, in accordance with the rules and procedures 
of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or other relevant clearing system, specifying the principal 
amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable 
and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, 
the Permanent Global Note or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount 
specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected 
as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 20 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), 
or the Global Registered Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Similarly, the provisions for meetings of Noteholders in the Agency Agreement contain provisions that 
apply while the Notes are represented by a Global Note or a Global Registered Note. The following is a 
summary of certain of those provisions: 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Notes are represented by a Global Note or a Global 
Registered Note and the Global Note or the Global Registered Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, 
then: 
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance 
with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an "Electronic Consent" as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an 
Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a special quorum was satisfied), take 
effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, 
and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they 
participated in such Electronic Consent; and 
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) 
accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or a Global Registered 
Note and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, 
on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the 
person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give 
any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other 
document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant alternative clearing system (the "relevant clearing system") and, in the case of (b) above, 
the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system for 
the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all 
Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. 
Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of 
statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including 
Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg's CreationOnline system) in accordance with its

--- Page 133 ---
- 124 - 
usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the 
Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding.

--- Page 134 ---
- 125 - 
KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS AND ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES OF THE 
ISSUER 
This document includes certain data which the Issuer considers to constitute alternative performance 
measures (APMs) for the purposes of the European Securities Markets Authority (ESMA) Guidelines on 
Alternative Performance Measures. These include Return on equity, Cost/Income ratio, CET 1 ratio, LCR 
ratio and NPL ratio (gross). 
These APMs are not defined by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. The APMs are unaudited and are 
not measurements of the Issuer's operating performance under IFRS and should not be considered as 
alternatives to any measures of performance under IFRS or as measures of the Issuer's liquidity. 
The Issuer believes that the below measures provide useful information to investors for the purposes of 
evaluating the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer, the quality of its assets and the 
fundamentals of its business. However, the Issuer's use and method of calculation of APMs may vary from 
other companies' use and calculation of such measures.  
The Issuer believes that the APMs provide useful information to investors for the purposes of evaluating 
the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer, the quality of its assets and the fundamentals 
of its business. 
In particular: 
(i) 
the ratios presented by the Issuer are aimed at quantifying certain aspects of the Issuer's business 
and its strengths within the context of the Estonian banking system; 
(ii) 
the alternative performance measures, although not required by law in the preparation of financial 
statements, allow for comparisons with other banks, over different periods of time and between the 
Issuer and the average industry standards; and 
(iii) 
the ratios represent the way management measures the business on a regular basis. 
The table below shows selected unaudited consolidated ratios for the Issuer as at, and for the years ended, 
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023. 
 
31 December 
2023 
31 December 2022 
 
per cent 
Return on equity (ROE) 
11.6 
8.0 
Cost / Income ratio 
52.6 
59.5 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio 
24.1 
19.4 
Liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) 
200.7 
138.8 
NPL ratio (gross) 
1.9 
1.2

--- Page 135 ---
- 126 - 
Definitions 
APM 
Definition / formula 
Purpose for presentation 
Return on equity 
(ROE) 
Profit for the period as a percentage of 
average shareholder's equity for that 
period. The average shareholder's 
equity is calculated using the opening 
and closing balances for the period. 
Used by the Issuer's management for 
internal governance to measure and 
benchmark 
overall 
business 
profitability. 
Cost / Income ratio 
Total Administration Expenses as a 
percentage of Total Operating Income. 
Used by the Issuer's management for 
internal governance and business 
segment performance management 
purposes to measure profitability and 
illustrate the efficiency at which 
operations are run. 
Common 
Equity 
Tier 1 (CET1) ratio 
Shareholders' 
equity 
subject 
to 
regulatory adjustments as a percentage 
of total risk exposure amounts. 
Used by the Issuer's management for 
internal governance purposes to ensure 
that the Bank has an adequate amount 
of capital available for unrestricted and 
immediate use to cover risks or losses 
as soon as these occur. Used also as a 
regulatory 
measure 
required 
by 
European Central Bank. 
Liquidity coverage 
ratio (LCR) 
High-quality liquid assets (cash, 
central bank reserves excluding 
mandatory reserves and eligible 
bonds) as a percentage of the 
estimated net liquidity outflow over 
the next 30 calendar days.  
Used by the Issuer's management for 
internal governance purposes to ensure 
that the Issuer has an adequate stock of 
unencumbered high quality liquid 
assets to meet its liquidity needs for a 
30 calendar day liquidity stress 
scenario. Used also as a regulatory 
measure required by European Central 
Bank. 
NPL 
ratio 
gross 
(share of Stage 3 
loans) 
Gross carrying amount for Stage 3 
loans as a percentage of gross carrying 
amount of total loans. 
Used by management for internal 
governance and business segment 
performance management purposes

--- Page 136 ---
- 127 - 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of each Series of 
Notes will be used for the general corporate purposes of the Issuer.

--- Page 137 ---
- 128 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Background 
The Issuer is a pan-Baltic credit institution headquartered in Tallinn owned by Luminor Holding AS. The 
Issuer was created in 2017 when DNB and Nordea joined their Baltic operations. Luminor Holding AS, 
which is ultimately controlled by BCP VII (an investment fund managed by an affiliate of Blackstone Group 
Inc), is owned by a consortium led by private equity funds managed by Blackstone (80.05 per cent.) and 
DNB Bank ASA (19.95 per cent.). Loans to customers are the Issuer's largest asset, while Deposits from 
customers are its largest liability. 
The share capital of the Issuer shall not be less than EUR 30 million and not more than EUR 120 million, 
and may be increased or reduced within such limits without amending the Articles of Association. As of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's share capital is EUR 34.9 million. 
The Issuer is incorporated under the laws of Estonia, in accordance with the requirements of the Estonian 
Commercial Code and is registered in the Estonian Commercial Register with registration number 
11315936. The registered address of the Issuer is Liivalaia 45, 10145 Tallinn, Estonia, and its telephone 
number is 372 628 3300. 
The Issuer's Organisational Structure 
For information on the organisational structure of the Issuer please refer to "Organisation Structure" on 
page 16 of the Annual Report 2023 which is incorporated by reference herein. 
Core Business and Customer Segments 
The Issuer manages its business by customer segment – Retail Banking and Corporate Banking – on a pan-
Baltic basis from its headquarters in Estonia and branches in Latvia and Lithuania. 
Retail Banking serves all of the Issuer's customers and is directly responsible for all private individuals and 
small companies who do not have dedicated relationship managers. 
The Issuer's Corporate Banking segment services medium-sized and large corporates with a full spectrum 
of banking products. Tailored financial products and services allow customers to operate their businesses 
efficiently and grow. 
For further information on the Issuer's core business and customer segments and on the economic 
environment in which the Issuer operates please refer to page 4, "We are Luminor", page 12, "Retail 
Banking", page 13, "Corporate Banking" and page 14, "Supplementary information - Economic 
Environment" of the Annual Report 2023 which is incorporated by reference herein. 
Strategy 
The Issuer is committed to improving the financial health of its home countries (Estonia, Latvia and 
Lithuania) and to supporting their growth. The Issuer updated its strategy in 2023 to strengthen its 
foundation and reinvigorate its customer-centric, human approach. The Issuer has eight strategic priorities: 
(i) 
build the bank around its customers; 
(ii) 
be the preferred full-service bank for retail customers by delivering human-centric solutions; 
(iii) 
be the favoured bank for growing Baltic companies; 
(iv) 
raise efficiency; 
(v) 
elevate the resilience and capability of its IT platform; 
(vi) 
become a team who execute as owners and take responsibility; 
(vii) 
be committed to sustainable growth and implementation of ESG targets; and 
(viii) 
ensure a strong risk culture and strong risk and compliance management.

--- Page 138 ---
- 129 - 
For further information on the Issuer's strategy please refer to "Our strategy" on page 5 of the Annual 
Report 2023 which is incorporated by reference herein. 
The Issuer's Credit Rating 
The Issuer has been rated by Moody's since 2018. In November 2023, Moody's affirmed its positive outlook 
on the Issuer's A3 rating for bank deposit and Baa1 rating for senior unsecured debt. In March 2020, 
Moody's assigned an Aa1 rating to the mortgage covered bonds issued by the Issuer under the Programme. 
Supervision of the Issuer 
Luminor Holding AS and the Issuer are a significant supervised group within the meaning of point (22) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 468/2014 of the European Central Bank (ECB), subject to ECB 
supervision, as of 2021. Luminor Holding AS is the entity at the highest level of prudential consolidation 
within the supervised group. Ongoing supervision of the Issuer is carried out by a dedicated Joint 
Supervisory Team comprising staff of the ECB and Estonian Financial Supervision Authority. In addition, 
certain subsidiaries of the Issuer are under the supervision of relevant Estonian, Latvian and Lithuanian 
financial supervision authorities. 
The Issuer's organisational units 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Principles of Corporate Governance 
For information on the Issuer's Principles of Corporate Governance please refer to "Corporate Governance 
Report" on pages 20-29 of the Annual Report 2023 which is incorporated by reference herein. 
Supervisory Council 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Supervisory Council consists of eight members. The following 
table sets forth, for each member of the Supervisory Council, the year of their initial appointment to the 
Supervisory Council as well as their committee memberships and their principal activities outside the 
Issuer: 
Name 
Joined 
Committee 
memberships 
Status 
Principal activities outside of 
the Issuer 
Nils 
Melngailis, 
Chair 
2 January 
2019 
Nomination 
(Chair), 
Remuneration  
Independent 
Chairman, Supervisory Board, 
PrivatBank 
Vice-Chairman, Supervisory 
Council, PQH SA 
Internal Audit 
Supervisory Council 
Management Board 
CEO 
Deputy CEO 
CEO Office 
Group 
Communications 
Retail Banking 
Division 
Corporate 
Banking Division 
Credit Advisory 
Restructuring 
Division 
Chief Operating 
Office Division 
Finance Division 
Legal Division 
Risk Division 
Compliance 
Division 
People & 
Culture Division 
Asset 
Management 
and Pension 
subsidiaries* 
Leasing 
subsidiaries* 
Maksekeskus*

--- Page 139 ---
- 130 - 
Name 
Joined 
Committee 
memberships 
Status 
Principal activities outside of 
the Issuer 
Director, Printful Inc. 
Syed Qasim 
(Qasim) 
Abbas 
18 
December 
2023 
 
Blackstone 
Member, Supervisory Councils, 
NIBC Holdings N.V. and NBC 
Bank N.V. Director, LIA 
Holdings Limited Director, CD 
Topco Limited 
Maria Elena 
Cappello 
1 July 
2020 
Remuneration 
(Chair), 
Nomination, 
Independent 
Director, BPER Banca 
Director, Fibonacci Holding 
Senior Advisor, Igneo Ltd 
Ottar 
Ertzeid 
1 January 
2022 
Audit, 
Remuneration, 
Risk 
DNB 
Director, DNB Livsforsikring AS 
Chair, Entra ASA 
Vice chair, Argentum 
Fondsinvesteringer AS 
Director, Telenor ASA 
Mathias 
Patrick 
Laurent 
Favetto 
26 
August 
2020 
Audit 
Blackstone 
Member, Supervisory Councils, 
NIBC Holding N.V. and NIBC 
Bank N.V. 
Bjørn Erik 
Naess 
2 January 
2019 
Audit, 
Nomination 
DNB 
Chairman, Argentum 
Fondsinvesteringer AS 
Director, Hafslund AS 
Elizabeth 
Jane (Betsy) 
Nelson 
1 
December 
2020 
Risk (Chair), 
Audit 
Independent 
Member of Supervisory Board of 
Oschadbank 
Iain 
Plunkett 
1 August 
2023 
Risk 
Independent 
Director, Citigroup Global 
Markets, 
Senior Advisor of Collabera 
Digital, McKinsey & Company 
Sandy 
Kinney  
Pritchard 
1 
April 
2024 
Audit 
(Chair), 
Risk 
Independent 
Director, AIB Group plc, 
Director, Raymond James Wealth 
Management Ltd, Charles Stanley 
& Co. Ltd, Raymond James 
Investment Services Ltd  
 
For further information on the Supervisory Council, please refer to "Supervisory Council" on pages 22-23 
of the Annual Report 2023 which is incorporated by reference herein. 
The business address of each of the Supervisory Council members is Liivalaia 45, 10145 Tallinn, Estonia. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any of the Supervisory Counsel members' duties owed 
to the Issuer and their private interests or other duties. 
Management Board 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Management Board consists of six members. The following table 
sets forth, for each member of the Management Board, the year of their initial appointment to the 
Management Board. 
Name 
1st Appointed 
Title 
Wojciech Sass, Chair 
18 March 2024 
Chief Executive Officer

--- Page 140 ---
- 131 - 
Name 
1st Appointed 
Title 
Ossi Leikola 
15 December 2023 
Deputy Chief Executive 
Officer 
Diego Biondo 
1 October 2023 
Chief Risk Officer 
Mari Mõis 
1 August 2021 
Chief Compliance Officer 
Palle Nordahl 
1 May 2021 
Chief Financial Officer 
Kerli Vares 
2 January 2019 
Head of Retail Banking 
 
For further information on the Management Board, please refer to "Management Board" on pages 24-25 of 
the Annual Report 2023 which is incorporated by reference herein. 
The business address of each member of the Management Board members is Liivalaia 45, 10145 Tallinn, 
Estonia. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any of the directors' duties owed to the Issuer and their 
private interests or other duties. 
Environmental, Social and Governance considerations (ESG) 
The Issuer has set out its sustainability targets in a sustainability report, which is available from Luminor's 
website and which may be updated from time to time. 
For further information on the Issuer's ESG policies please refer to "Environmental, Social and Governance 
(ESG)" on pages 18-19 of the Annual Report 2023 which is incorporated by reference herein. 
Funding, Capital and Liquidity 
For information on the Issuer's funding, capital and liquidity please refer to "Financial Review" on pages 
8-9 and Note 2 to the Financial Statements ("General Risk Management Policies – Liquidity Risk" and "- 
Capital Management") on pages 45-46 of the Annual Report 2023 which is incorporated by reference 
herein. 
General Risk Management 
For information on the Issuer's general risk management policies please refer to "General Risk Management 
Policies" on page 38 of the Annual Report 2023 which is incorporated by reference herein. 
Credit Risk Management 
For information on the Issuer's credit risk management please refer to "General Risk Management Policies 
– Credit Risk" on pages 38-44 and Note 23 to the Financial Statements ("Maximum exposure to credit risk") 
on page 67 of the Annual Report 2023 which is incorporated by reference herein. 
Operational Risk and Market Risk Management 
For information on the Issuer's operational risk management please refer to Note 2 to the Financial 
Statements ("General Risk Management Policies – Operational Risk" and "- Market Risk") on pages 44-45 
of the Annual Report 2023 which is incorporated by reference herein. 
Recent Developments 
On 22 April 2024 the Issuer announced that it had paid a dividend of EUR194.5 million to Luminor Holding 
AS. Luminor Holding AS will in turn pay EUR194.0 million to its shareholders and retain EUR 0.5 million 
to fund its operations. As at 31 December 2023 the Issuer's CET1, Tier 1 and Total capital ratios were 24.1 
per cent. which includes 'profits earned but not yet recognised as regulatory capital'. Taking this dividend 
payment into account, the Issuer's capital ratios on 31 December 2023 would have been 21.3 per cent. This 
dividend payment has no effect on the Issuer's capital ratios as measured on a regulatory basis, which were 
20.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2023. The remaining 'profits earned but not yet recognised as regulatory 
capital' will continue to be reserved for future dividends and not added to capital. All of the Issuer's capital

--- Page 141 ---
- 132 - 
is composed of equity. The Issuer continues to review its capital levels and structure to align with its plans 
and outlook and improve the efficiency of its capital resources.

--- Page 142 ---
- 133 - 
THE ESTONIAN MORTGAGE MARKET 
Lending for apartments and houses takes the form typically of one mortgage loan with an aggregated Loan-
to-Value Ratio of up to 85 per cent., or up to 90 per cent. if the borrower receives a state guarantee from 
the Estonian Business and Innovation Agency (an Estonian state sponsored foundation which offers hosing 
loan guarantees under the trademark KredEx). 
Interest payable on mortgage loans in Estonia is generally floating rate, expressed as a fixed margin over 
6-month Euribor. 
There are currently no specific rules under Estonian law limiting rates of interest (other than in respect of 
default interest), though the general principles of equity apply. 
Commercial lenders are the principal originators of residential mortgage loans and provide a range of 
financing for single family homes. As at 31 December 2023 the total balance of mortgage loans was EUR 
11.1 billion, an increase of EUR 0.6 billion, or 6 per cent. versus the prior year. At 31 December 2023 the 
Issuer held an 10 per cent. share of the total mortgage market according to the estimates of management 
and calculated on the basis of public data published by the Estonian Central Bank. In 2023 the turnover of 
properties reduced through the year as high inflation and reference interest rates increased resulted in 
reduced purchasing power and confidence of Estonian households. 
Material Legal Aspects of the Mortgage Loans 
The below summary provides a brief overview of the material legal aspects of mortgage loans and does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all legal considerations relating to mortgage loans. This summary is 
based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that 
may take effect after such date. 
Establishment of a Mortgage 
Real estate property located in Estonia can be pledged by way of a mortgage, which must be established 
under a mortgage agreement authenticated by a notary and which is registered in the Estonian Land 
Register. The entering into a mortgage agreement and registration of the mortgage in the Estonian Land 
Register is sufficient evidence regarding the establishment of the mortgage and no further certificates (either 
physical or electronic) are issued with respect to the mortgage under Estonian law. The Estonian Land 
Register is a public register and, subject to the payment of a processing fee, information regarding real 
estate properties and mortgages encumbering such real estate properties can be accessed publicly. An entry 
concerning the mortgage in the Estonian Land Register sets out: (i) the mortgagee; (ii) the monetary amount 
of the mortgage (sum of mortgage); and (iii) the agreement according to which the owner of the real estate 
property has consented to be subject to immediate compulsory enforcement (if applicable). Real estate 
property that may be subject to a mortgage comprises: (i) immovable, i.e. delimited part of land and (ii) 
right of superficies, which is defined as a transferable and inheritable real right which encumbers an 
immovable such that the person for whose benefit a right of superficies is constituted is entitled to own a 
construction permanently attached to the immovable for a specified term. For the sake of clarity, registered 
apartment ownership is considered as equivalent to immovable property, thus may be subject to a mortgage. 
Under Estonian law, a mortgage usually encumbers a real estate property in its entirety. In the case of a real 
estate property co-owned by several owners, a legal share of a real estate property belonging to a co-owner 
may also be encumbered with a mortgage. A mortgage cannot be established only on a physical share of a 
real estate property or a part of the legal share of a co-owner. An exception to this rule is a mortgage on 
apartment ownership, which by definition is a type of property of a physical share of a building. 
A mortgage established under Estonian law extends to the parts, accessories and fruits of the real estate 
property. A mortgage does not extend to the accessories of the real estate property which are not in the 
ownership of the owner of the real estate property. Furthermore, a mortgage does not extend to accessories, 
parts and natural fruits which before the seizure of the real estate property are transferred according to 
regular management or permanently severed from the real estate property. If real estate property 
encumbered with a mortgage is leased, the mortgage also extends to a claim under the lease which arises 
within the period between seizure of the real estate property or declaration of bankruptcy of the debtor and 
sale of the real estate property, or which arises within one year before seizure of the real estate property or

--- Page 143 ---
- 134 - 
declaration of bankruptcy of the debtor and is uncollected. If a real estate property encumbered with a 
mortgage is insured, the mortgage also extends to a claim for insurance proceeds. 
A mortgage, to the extent of the amount of the mortgage, secures a claim, interests (including the fine for 
delay) for up to three years before sale of the real estate property in enforcement proceedings, expenses for 
the collection of the debt, including the costs of the enforcement proceeding and bailiff's fees, and the 
insurance premiums paid by the mortgagee on behalf of the owner of the immovable. 
Enforcement Procedures 
Introduction and general principles of Estonian law in respect of enforcement 
If a borrower fails to fulfil its obligations under a mortgage loan agreement, the creditor may generally (i) 
seek general enforcement of its claims against the borrower and collection of the debt arising from the 
mortgage loan and (ii) seek enforcement of a mortgage (and other security, if any) securing the mortgage 
loan to be able to satisfy the claims arising from the mortgage loans for the account of proceeds from the 
enforcement of such mortgage (or other security). 
General enforcement by a creditor of claims against a defaulting borrower under a mortgage loan typically 
requires under Estonian law that the creditor first obtains a judgment the relevant claims to be satisfied (for 
example, for a debt to be paid) after which the actual enforcement may be carried out by a bailiff in a formal 
enforcement procedure against the assets of the borrower regulated by Estonian law. 
Alternatively, a creditor holding a mortgage over real estate or a borrower or a third party as a security for 
the borrower's obligations under a mortgage loan may initiate enforcement of the mortgage, which is carried 
out (outside of bankruptcy proceedings of the mortgagor) by way of sale of the mortgaged real estate at a 
compulsory auction conducted by a bailiff or by way of compulsory administration by a bailiff. This 
presupposes the existence of an enforcement agreement entered in the Estonian land register. If, after the 
collateral has been sold, there is still an outstanding debt left, the creditor has rights to bring a separate 
claim to the court. 
Enforcement of a claim against the debtor 
To enforce a claim against the debtor arising from a mortgage loan, the creditor must typically submit its 
claim to a court having jurisdiction over the mortgage loan. In such court proceedings, the creditor would 
need to prove its claim against the debtor in order to obtain a court ruling ordering the payment of the 
relevant claim. Upon such court ruling entering into force, the creditor may apply to a bailiff, who shall 
carry out enforcement proceedings with respect to the debtor and its assets. In enforcement proceedings, if 
the debtor fails to pay the debt voluntarily, the debtor's property is seized and sold to the extent necessary 
to satisfy the claim and the claim of the creditor shall be satisfied from the proceeds received from such 
sale. 
The enforcement proceedings, including the seizure and sale of the debtor's property, are carried out by a 
bailiff in accordance with the Estonian Code of Enforcement Procedure. The Estonian Code of Enforcement 
Procedure provides, inter alia, a list of items of the debtor which cannot be seized and sold in enforcement 
proceedings, which mainly consist of property which is essential for the debtor to satisfy his or her needs 
or the seizure and sale of which would be contrary to law or good morals. The Estonian Code of 
Enforcement Procedure further provides a number of forms of income of the debtor which cannot be used 
to satisfy claims in enforcement proceedings, which mainly consists of benefits payable in accordance with 
laws. 
Enforcement of a mortgage 
The process of enforcement of mortgages depends on whether or not the mortgagor and the mortgagee have 
agreed in the agreement authenticated by a notary that the mortgagor agrees to submit to immediate 
compulsory execution proceedings in order to satisfy the claims secured with the mortgage. If such 
agreement has been made, the mortgagee may enforce the mortgage without obtaining a court ruling for 
enforcement. Otherwise the mortgagee would need to submit a claim to court to recognise its right to 
enforce the mortgage, on the basis of which the mortgagee could then turn to a bailiff to enforce the 
mortgage.

--- Page 144 ---
- 135 - 
The enforcement of a mortgage is carried out by a bailiff by selling the mortgaged property at an auction 
or by subjecting the mortgaged property to compulsory administration. In the case of a compulsory auction, 
the mortgaged property is sold at an auction and the proceeds of the sale are applied towards the satisfaction 
of the secured obligations. In the case of a compulsory administration, the mortgaged property is 
administered by a bailiff and the proceeds of the management of the real estate (e.g. rental income) are 
applied towards the satisfaction of the secured obligations. In case the enforcement of a mortgage is carried 
out by way of selling the mortgaged property, the bailiff will seize the mortgaged property, by recording 
the property and its accessories and other objects to which a mortgage extends, prohibiting disposal thereof 
and applying for a notation concerning prohibition of the disposal of the property to be entered in the 
Estonian Land Register. The bailiff will announce the auction process in the Estonian Official Gazette and 
on at least one commonly used website for the sale of real estate at least 20 days in advance of the auction. 
After at least 20 days have passed from the announcement, the auction will be carried out by the bailiff and 
the proceeds of the auction will be applied towards the satisfaction of the secured obligations. 
As an exception to the above-described process, at the request of the mortgagor and with the consent of the 
mortgagee, the bailiff may permit the mortgagor to sell the mortgaged property under the supervision of 
the bailiff. The bailiff may permit the mortgagor to sell the property also regardless of the consent of the 
mortgagee: (i) if an auction for the sale of the property has failed or it can be presumed that the property 
cannot be sold at an auction or the revenue expected to be received from the property at an auction would 
be significantly lower than the revenue expected to be received from the sale of the property organised by 
the mortgagor or (ii) if an auction has failed due failure by the winning bidder to pay the purchase price and 
a repeated auction is also unsuccessful. 
Cost of enforcement 
If the enforcement process requires submitting a claim to court, a state fee would need to be paid to initiate 
the court proceedings. The amount of such state fee would depend on the amount of the claim. Furthermore, 
court proceedings often entail other legal costs such as legal aid, which may not be compensated in full 
even if the court rules in favour of the party. If the court rules in favour of the other party, it is possible that 
the legal costs incurred by the other party may need to be compensated. 
The enforcement procedure by a bailiff would entail the bailiff's fee and costs necessary for enforcement 
proceedings. In the case of a monetary claim, the bailiff's fee depends on the amount of the claim. The 
enforcement costs would be borne by the debtor and would be collected by the bailiff. The enforcement 
costs would be collected from the debtor by the bailiff on the basis of the decision on enforcement costs 
(such document is immediately enforceable). 
Treatment of the mortgage and mortgagee in the mortgagor's bankruptcy proceedings 
Should the mortgagor be declared bankrupt, the mortgage ensures a priority position of the mortgagee with 
respect to the proceeds from the sale of the mortgaged real estate property. 
In the mortgagor's bankruptcy proceedings, claims secured by the mortgage are satisfied as first priority 
claims for the account (and to the extent) of the money received from the sale of the mortgaged real estate 
property, from which the payments relating to the bankruptcy proceedings (as listed below) in proportion 
to the ratio of the amount of money received from the sale of the pledged object to the total amount of 
money received from the sale of the bankruptcy estate are deducted. The deduction will be in proportion to 
the ratio of the amount of money received from the sale of the pledged object to the total amount of money 
received from the sale of the bankruptcy estate, but no more than one-tenth of the amount of money received 
from the sale of the pledged object. If a claim secured by the mortgage is not satisfied in full out of the 
money received from the sale of the mortgaged real estate property, the rest of the claim shall be satisfied 
together with all other accepted claims which were filed within the term specified by law. 
The following are regarded as payments relating to the bankruptcy proceedings and have priority over and 
are satisfied before the claims secured by specific assets of the debtor: 
• 
claims arising from the consequences of exclusion or recovery of assets; 
• 
maintenance support paid to the debtor and his or her dependants;

--- Page 145 ---
- 136 - 
• 
in bankruptcy proceedings regarding an estate, the expenses paid for the bequeather's funeral, 
maintenance of his/her family members, administration of the estate and conducting the inventory 
of the obligations related to the estate; 
• 
consolidated obligations; and 
• 
the costs of the bankruptcy proceedings. 
Consolidated obligations are: (i) obligations arising from transactions and other acts performed by a trustee 
in the performance of his or her duties in the bankruptcy proceedings; (ii) expenses of administration of the 
bankruptcy estate by the trustee during the bankruptcy proceedings regarding the estate; (iii) obligations 
arising from contracts which the debtor has failed to perform, if the trustee has continued performance of 
the obligations or given notification that he or she intends to require performance of the contract; (iv) taxes 
relating to continuation of the business activities of the debtor; (v) obligations to compensate for the damage 
caused during the bankruptcy proceedings by an unlawful action of a debtor who is a legal person; (vi) other 
obligations deemed to be consolidated obligations pursuant to the Estonian Bankruptcy Act. 
After the above listed claims have been satisfied, claims secured by the mortgage which have been accepted 
in the bankruptcy proceedings and were filed within the term specified by law, are satisfied before 
unsecured claims. 
Treatment of the mortgage and mortgagee in enforcement proceedings carried out with respect to the 
mortgagor's assets 
If the mortgaged real estate property is sold in enforcement proceedings conducted by other creditors 
through the bailiff on the basis of an execution document, the mortgagee may before the distribution of 
proceeds, submit an application to the bailiff, in which the mortgagee applies for the preferred satisfaction 
of the mortgagee's claim from the proceeds of the sale of the mortgaged real estate property, regardless of 
whether or not the mortgagee's claim has fallen due. The bailiff must take the claim of the mortgagee into 
account upon distribution of the proceeds from the sale of the mortgaged real estate property and 
preparation of a distribution plan on the basis of the ranking of the mortgage as evident from the Estonian 
Land Register or a notarised mortgage agreement. 
Contesting of claims and reversal 
An insolvency administrator and all other creditors of the bankrupt grantor of a mortgage may in the course 
of the bankruptcy proceedings contest the claims submitted against the debtor. If contested, the dispute will 
be finally settled by the court who will determine whether such claim against the debtor exists and is 
sufficiently proven. 
Furthermore, an insolvency administrator may submit a claim to the court for recovering a security interest 
granted by the debtor or security agreement concluded by the debtor. In recovery, the court will revoke 
transactions, subject to the grounds specified below, which were concluded by the debtor before the 
declaration of bankruptcy and which damage the interests of other creditors and which meets other criteria 
for revocation set out in the Estonian Bankruptcy Act. 
In addition to general grounds applicable to all transactions, the Estonian Bankruptcy Act sets out specific 
grounds for revoking the grant of security. Under such provisions, a court will revoke the grant of a 
mortgage if the mortgage damages the interests of the creditors of the mortgagor and was granted: 
• 
during the period from the appointment of the interim trustee or trusted practitioner until 
declaration of bankruptcy; 
• 
in order to secure an obligation which had arisen within six months before the appointment of the 
interim trustee or trusted practitioner if the debtor was not required to grant the mortgage at the 
time when the obligation arose or if the debtor was insolvent at the time of granting the mortgage 
and the person in whose favour the mortgage was granted was or should have been aware of the 
insolvency; 
• 
within two years before the appointment of the interim trustee or trusted practitioner if the security 
was granted in favour of a person connected with the debtor unless the person or the debtor proves 
that the debtor was solvent at the time of granting the mortgage.

--- Page 146 ---
- 137 - 
Granting of a mortgage cannot be recovered if the mortgage was granted in order to secure a loan or any 
other credit agreement and after granting the security the debtor came into possession of the amount of 
money corresponding to the value of the mortgage pursuant to the secured agreement (except in case the 
mortgage was granted within two years before the appointment of the interim trustee or trusted practitioner 
in favour of a person connected with the debtor unless the person or the debtor proves that the debtor was 
solvent at the time of granting the mortgage). 
In addition to reversal (recovery) of the transactions in bankruptcy proceedings, Estonian law also enables 
creditors to apply for reversal of certain transactions in pre-bankruptcy situation. The grounds for and 
procedure for relevant reversal of transactions are stipulated in the Estonian Code of Enforcement 
Procedure. 
Insolvency proceedings of natural persons 
In June 2022, the Estonian Natural Person Insolvency Act was adopted which governs the insolvency 
proceedings of natural persons. Under the referred act, a natural person may submit an application to the 
court to declare bankruptcy or to declare bankruptcy and initiate proceedings to release the debtor from 
their obligations or to initiate debt restructuring proceedings in respect of the debts of the natural person. 
The creditor of the natural person may also submit an application to the court against the debtor to declare 
bankruptcy or to initiate debt restructuring proceedings. After the submission of the application by the 
debtor or the creditor, the court discusses the prospects of paying the debts of the debtor and the trusted 
practitioner of the debtor with the aim of choosing the most appropriate type of procedure for overcoming 
the debtor's payment difficulties. 
Following assessment of the application, the court shall: 
(i) 
declare the debtor's bankruptcy; 
(ii) 
declare the debtor's bankruptcy and initiate proceedings for release of the debtor from their 
obligations; 
(iii) 
initiate debt restructuring proceedings; or  
(iv) 
reject or terminate the proceedings. 
Throughout insolvency proceedings, the debtor will be advised by a professional adviser (trusted 
practitioner). 
The debt restructuring proceedings allow the debtor to apply for restructuring of their debts by way of either 
extending term of payment of the debts, allowing payment in instalments or reducing the total amount of 
the debts.  
Upon appointment of the adviser of the debtor: 
(i) 
the calculation of default interest or a contractual penalty that increases over time shall be 
suspended until the restructuring plan is approved or the debt restructuring proceedings are 
completed. This does not apply to claims which the debtor does not request to be restructured or if 
the debtor is declared bankrupt;  
(ii) 
a creditor may not terminate the contract entered into with the debtor on the grounds of a breach 
of a financial obligation which occurred before the filing of the insolvency application or refuse to 
perform his or her obligations on that basis. An agreement according to which the creditor may 
terminate the contract upon filing for insolvency or approving the restructuring plan is void. If the 
continuation of the contract is unfair to the creditor and unnecessary for the debtor, in particular if 
the initiation of debt restructuring proceedings is unlikely or the continuation of the contract is not 
necessary for the debt restructuring proceedings, the court may, on the creditor's application, allow 
the creditor to terminate the contract; 
(iii) 
the court shall suspend any and all pending enforcement proceedings or other enforcement 
measures against the debtor's assets until declaration of bankruptcy, the approval of the 
restructuring plan or until the insolvency proceedings have ended; and

--- Page 147 ---
- 138 - 
(iv) 
the court may also suspend court proceedings in which a pecuniary claim is pending against the 
debtor; annul the measures for securing an action against the debtor, including the seizure of a 
payment account; prohibit creditors from exercising their rights arising from security interests 
provided by the debtor, inter alia, to sell the object of pledge or apply for the sale thereof; and apply 
other measures of preliminary legal protection, including measures securing a bankruptcy petition. 
Nevertheless, a creditor may file an application to the court requesting, while taking into consideration the 
justified interests of the creditor, the continuation of the suspended enforcement proceedings and also to 
allow the creditor to exercise its rights arising from the security interests granted by the debtor, prior to the 
declaration of bankruptcy, approval of the reorganisation plan or termination of the proceedings. 
When the debtor is unable to adhere the terms and conditions of the restructuring plan, the restructuring 
proceedings will be terminated and all restructured claims will be restored in their initial amount. 
Consumer protection 
The Estonian Law of Obligations Act and Creditors and Credit Intermediaries Act provide a legal 
framework applicable to consumer credit contracts, including consumer credit contracts relating to 
residential immovable property (mortgage credit contracts), which includes consumer credit contracts 
secured by a mortgage or another comparable security or consumer credit contract which objective is the 
acquirement of a registered immovable membership in a building association or an existing or planned 
building, or preservation of the specified rights. These provisions apply to consumer credit contracts entered 
into with a consumer residing in Estonia or in a Member State of the European Union or if the contract is 
essentially linked to the territory of Estonia for any other reason, regardless of the governing law of the 
contract. 
Prior to conclusion of the consumer credit contract, the creditor must provide to a consumer certain specific 
information using relevant standard information sheets as adopted under respective EU directives and 
Estonian law (Standard European Consumer Credit Information form for (ordinary) consumer credit and 
European Standardised Information Sheet for mortgage credit), give certain explanations and assess the 
consumer's creditworthiness. Additionally, the creditors must also adhere to certain more specific 
requirements for creditworthiness assessment stipulated in Creditors and Credit Intermediaries Act. 
The creditor may enter into a consumer credit contract with the consumer only if the creditor is convinced 
that, as result of analysing of information and data used for the creditworthiness assessment as a whole, the 
consumer is creditworthy, thus able the repay the credit according to the conditions of contemplated credit 
contract. Where the creditor and the consumer agree to increase the amount issued or credit limit allocated 
to the consumer or other changes considered as increasing the credit obligation of the consumer (for 
example, extension of a repayment term), the creditor must conduct a renewed creditworthiness assessment 
and comply with other relevant pre-contractual consumer credit requirements (for example, provision of 
information) each time before such change. 
The Estonian Law of Obligations Act sets out a mandatory catalogue of information a consumer credit 
contract must include. If any information required to be provided to the consumer is missing from the 
appropriate documentation or is not provided in the form required by law, the contract is deemed void, 
unless the consumer receives the loan or starts utilising the credit. However, in case the creditor has failed 
to properly inform the customer about the interest rate, annual percentage rate or total cost of the credit, a 
statutory interest rate will be applied to such credit contract retroactively, in case such rate is lower than the 
contractual interest rate.  
A consumer credit contract is also deemed void, if the annual percentage rate payable by the consumer 
exceeds at the time of granting the credit the past six months' average annual rate of consumer credits 
granted by credit institutions to private individuals and last published by the Bank of Estonia (Eesti Pank) 
more than three times. If a consumer credit contract is void, the consumer must repay the amount received 
on the basis of the void consumer credit contract by the date by which the consumer had to repay the whole 
credit according to the void consumer credit contract with the interest equal to the last interest rate 
applicable to the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank before 1 January or 1 July of 
each year. 
A consumer may withdraw from a consumer credit contract within 14 days and from a mortgage credit 
contract within 7 days from the date of entering into the contract or receiving from the creditor all statutorily

--- Page 148 ---
- 139 - 
required information, whichever is later, without giving a reason. Upon withdrawal, the consumer must 
repay the outstanding credit and accrued interest no later than 30 days after submitting a withdrawal 
application, and the creditor is not entitled to any compensation from the consumer other than the non-
returnable state charges paid by the creditor. Contract terms which restrict the withdrawal right, in particular 
agreements pursuant to which withdrawal is subject to payment of retainer or a contractual penalty, are 
void. A consumer has the right to repay the credit in part or in full before maturity, without being obliged 
to pay any interest or other charges for the period when the credit is not utilised.  
If a consumer is late with payments, any penalty for late payment may not exceed the last interest rate 
applicable to the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank before 1 January or 1 July of 
each year plus eight per cent. per year or the interest rate agreed under the credit contract, if the latter is 
higher. This does not preclude or restrict the right of the creditor to demand compensation for damages in 
an amount which exceeds the penalty for late payment. Agreements for the payment of a retainer or 
contractual penalty from the consumer in the case of late payments are void. 
If, on the basis of a consumer credit contract, a consumer has made a payment which is insufficient for the 
performance of all obligations which have fallen due, the payment shall cover: (i) firstly, the expenses 
incurred for collection of the debt; (ii) secondly, the principal sum owed; (iii) thirdly, interest; (iv) fourthly, 
other obligations. A creditor may not refuse insufficient payments. 
Where credit is repayable in tranches, the creditor may cancel the consumer credit contract due to late 
payment only if the consumer is wholly or partly late with payment for at least three consecutive repayments 
and if the creditor has, without success, granted an additional term of at least two weeks to the consumer 
for the payment of the remaining amount together with notification that the creditor will cancel the credit 
contract and demand repayment of the whole outstanding debt, in case the consumer fails to pay the 
amounts due within such additional term. In case of cancellation by the creditor, the total outstanding 
amount of all the payments made by the consumer for repayment of the credit and the payments made to 
cover the total cost of the credit will be respectively reduced by the interest and the costs calculated for the 
period when the credit is not used. The creditor may cancel the contract also in case of a fundamental breach 
by the consumer. 
Agreements which derogate from the provisions of the Law of Obligations Act (võlaõigusseadus) to the 
detriment of the consumer are void. 
The Estonian Financial Supervision Authority (EFSA) and Consumer Protection and Technical Regulatory 
Authority may, pursuant to the procedure provided by law, require a creditor who has breached the 
mandatory legal provisions to terminate such breach and refrain from future breach.

--- Page 149 ---
- 140 - 
THE LATVIAN MORTGAGE MARKET 
Lending for apartments and houses takes the form typically of one mortgage loan with an aggregated Loan-
to-Value Ratio of up to 85 per cent., or up to 95 per cent. if the borrower receives a guarantee from Altum 
(a Latvian state-owned institution offering housing loan guarantees to private individuals). 
Altum also offers a subsidy programme to families for reducing the first payment for purchase or 
construction of housing. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the loans interest payable on mortgage loans 
is generally floating rate, expressed as a fixed margin over 6-month Euribor, as most common. 
Under Latvian law, the costs of credit to a consumer must be reasonable and comply with fair business 
practices. Furthermore, the total costs of consumer loans (which includes the interest) provided after 1 July 
2019 is subject to statutory limitation (cap) of 0.07 per cent. per day from the principal amount of the credit. 
Commercial lenders are the principal originators of residential mortgage loans and provide a range of 
financing for single family homes in Latvia. 
As at 31 December 2023 the total market balance of mortgage loans was EUR 4.9 billion, an increase of 
EUR 0.1 billion, or 2 per cent. as compared to the prior year. At 31 December 2023, the Issuer held a 26 
per cent. share of the total mortgage market according to the estimate of management and calculated on the 
basis of public data published by the Latvian Central Bank. 
Material Legal Aspects of the Mortgage Loans 
The below summary provides a brief overview of the material legal aspects of mortgage loans in Latvia 
and does not purport to be complete analysis of all legal considerations relating to mortgage loans. This 
summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change 
in law that may take effect after such date. 
Establishment of a Mortgage 
Real estate property located in Latvia may be pledged only as a mortgage. A mortgage is established 
pursuant to a written mortgage agreement and is perfected by registration in the Latvian Land Register. 
Latvian law does not require that the mortgage agreement or the obligation document secured by it are 
notarised or made as a deed by a notary public, however (unless the mortgage is established pursuant to a 
notarised deed) the registration application must be attested by notary public. 
The Latvian Land Register is a public register and, subject to the payment of a state and processing fee, 
information regarding real estate properties and mortgages encumbering such real estate properties can be 
accessed publicly, including electronically. An entry concerning the mortgage in the Land Register sets 
out: (i) the mortgagee; (ii) the mortgagor, if the real estate property is co-owned; (iii) the monetary amount 
up to which the mortgage secures the secured claim; (iv) the agreement or other document pursuant to 
which the mortgage is established and, if applicable, the document claims under which are secured by 
mortgage. 
Real estate property that may be subject to a mortgage comprises of: (i) the immovable, i.e. delimited part 
of land, or one or multiple buildings or constructions title to which exist separately from the title to 
underlying land, or a separate apartment (condominium) property, and (ii) the right of superficies, which is 
defined as a transferable and inheritable real right which encumbers an immovable such that the person for 
whose benefit a right of superficies is constituted is entitled to own a construction permanently attached to 
the immovable for a specified term. A mortgage established under Latvian law extends to additions, 
accessories and fruits (i.e. both the income generated by the real estate, and natural crop) of the real estate 
property. A mortgage does not extend to fruits which have been separated from the real estate prior to 
enforcement of the mortgage, or to the additions and accessories which have been lawfully separated from 
the real estate prior to enforcement of the mortgage. If a real estate property encumbered with a mortgage 
is insured, the mortgage extends to claim for insurance proceeds. 
Under Latvian law, a mortgage usually encumbers a real estate property in its entirety. In case of a real 
estate property co-owned by several owners, a legal share of a real estate property belonging to a co-owner 
may also be encumbered with a mortgage. A mortgage cannot be established only on a physical share of a 
real estate property or part of the legal share of a co-owner.

--- Page 150 ---
- 141 - 
A mortgage, to the extent of the amount of the mortgage agreed in the mortgage agreement, secures the 
principal obligation, all ancillary claims related to the principal claim, including interest and default interest, 
other claims incurred pursuant to the obligation document, expenses for the collection of the debt, including 
the costs of the enforcement proceeding and bailiff's fees, and other claims agreed in the mortgage 
agreement. The claims for interest are limited to the period of three years prior to the date of sale of the 
mortgaged property in enforcement of the mortgage. 
Enforcement Procedures 
Introduction and general principles of Latvian law in respect of enforcement 
If a borrower fails to fulfil its obligations under a mortgage loan, the creditor may generally (i) seek general 
enforcement of its claims against the borrower and collection of the debt arising from the mortgage or (ii) 
seek enforcement of a mortgage (and other security, if any) securing the mortgage loan to be able to satisfy 
the claims arising from the mortgage loans for the account of proceeds from the enforcement of such 
mortgage (or other security). Under the Latvian law, a mortgage can only be enforced in court proceedings. 
Two alternative mortgage enforcement proceedings are available: (i) voluntary sale of the mortgaged real 
estate property in an auction through a court ("Voluntary sale") and (ii) non-adversary enforcement of the 
obligation secured by the mortgage ("Non-adversary enforcement"). 
General enforcement by a creditor of claims against a defaulting borrower under a mortgage loan typically 
requires that the creditor first obtains a judgment ordering the relevant claims to be satisfied (for example, 
for a debt recovery) after which the actual enforcement may be carried out by a bailiff in a formal 
enforcement procedure against the assets of the borrower regulated by Latvian law. 
Voluntary sale and Non-adversary enforcement proceedings allow the creditor to enforce the secured claim 
without an obligation to obtain a full judgement in respect of the secured claim. However, in both 
proceedings the creditor may enforce and recover the secured claim only up to the mortgage enforcement 
proceeds. If the mortgage enforcement proceeds are not sufficient to satisfy the entire outstanding claim, 
the creditor will need to enforce other security or commence the general litigation proceeding to recover 
the remaining claim. 
Enforcement of a claim against the debtor 
To enforce a claim against the debtor arising from a mortgage loan, the creditor must submit its claim to a 
court having a jurisdiction over the mortgage loan. In such court proceedings, the creditor would need to 
prove its claim against the debtor in order to obtain a court ruling ordering the payment of the relevant 
claim. Upon such court ruling entering into force, the creditor may apply to a bailiff, who shall carry out 
enforcement proceedings with respect to debtor and its assets. In enforcement proceedings, if the debtor 
fails to pay the debt voluntarily, the debtor's property is seized and sold to the extent necessary to satisfy 
the claim and the claim of the creditor shall be satisfied from the proceeds received from such sale. 
The enforcement proceedings, including the seizure and sale of the debtor's property, would be carried out 
by a bailiff in accordance with the Civil Procedure Law. Such law provides, inter alia, a list of items of the 
debtor which cannot be seized and sold in enforcement proceedings, which mainly consist of property 
which is essential for the debtor to satisfy his or her needs or the seizure and sale of which would be contrary 
to the law. The Civil Procedure Law further provides certain forms of income of the debtor which cannot 
be used to satisfy claims in enforcement proceedings, which mainly consists of benefits payable in 
accordance with the law, and certain restrictions regarding enforcement against debtor's salary and similar 
remuneration. 
Enforcement of a mortgage 
In a Voluntary sale procedure the creditor requests the court to approve the sale of the mortgaged real estate 
property (collateral) on the terms and conditions of the sale proposed by the creditor (mortgagee). The 
creditor may invoke this enforcement procedure if the creditor and the mortgagee have agreed in writing 
(including electronic documents) that the creditor is permitted to invoke the procedure. Such an agreement 
may be (and generally is) included in the agreement for the establishment of the mortgage but may be made 
later as well, including after the claims secured by the mortgage have fallen due. Latvian law does not 
require that the relevant agreement is notarised. The terms of the sale of the real estate must specify the 
opening price of the auction, which the creditor may set at its discretion, and may include such other terms

--- Page 151 ---
- 142 - 
and conditions as the creditor deems necessary. The terms and conditions of the sale are approved by a 
judge in ex-parte proceedings. The court decision has an immediate effect, i.e. it has the status of an 
enforcement decision and it serves as authorisation to commence the sale of the real estate on the approved 
terms and conditions. The sale is organised by a bailiff in accordance with the provisions of the Civil 
Procedure Law and the Civil Law and is carried out in the electronic auctioning system maintained by the 
Latvian government. 
The Non-adversary enforcement proceeding is an ex-parte proceeding in which a court declares an 
obligation secured by a mortgage as enforceable without examining the creditor's claim on its merits. The 
proceeding may be invoked by a creditor whose claim is secured by a duly registered mortgage in Latvia. 
If the judge finds that the application is unfounded or the amount of penalty indicated in the application is 
disproportionate to the principal debt, or the document to be enforced contains unfair contractual provisions 
breaching consumer rights, the judge shall take a decision on dismissal thereof. A court decision in Non-
adversary enforcement proceedings will declare which obligation and to what extent is enforceable. The 
court decision has an immediate effect, is non-appealable and has the status of an enforcement document. 
However, unlike a judgement obtained in a general litigation procedure, the court decision in these 
proceedings may be enforced only in respect of the mortgaged real estate and up to the amount of the 
mortgage enforcement proceeds. It cannot be enforced against any other assets of the debtor. The court 
decision is enforceable by a court bailiff in accordance with the judgement enforcement provisions of the 
Latvian Civil Procedure Law. 
A court decision in the mortgage enforcement proceedings does not preclude the debtor or the mortgagor 
from contesting the enforcement of the mortgage. This can be done by the commencement of a general 
litigation proceeding against the creditor. Enforcement of the mortgage may be suspended by a court order 
on request of the debtor or the mortgagor. If the enforcement of the mortgage has been suspended, the 
general litigation proceedings may need to be carried out and completed prior to enforcement of the 
mortgage. 
The actual enforcement of the mortgage is carried out by a bailiff in an auction in accordance with the Civil 
Procedure Law. Prior to the auction, the real estate will be valued by a certified appraiser who will 
determine the forced sale value of the real estate (the valuation is not required in a Voluntary sale 
procedure). The mortgagor and the creditor may request a repeated valuation at their own cost, in which 
case the highest of the valuations would serve as the starting price of the auction. The auction is carried out 
in the electronic auction system provided by the Latvian government. Each person willing to participate in 
the auction must pay a refundable security deposit equal to 10 per cent. of the starting price. The debtor, 
mortgagor, the appraiser and the bailiff itself may not participate in the auction. Size of the auction bid is 
specified by the bailiff. All bids are made and accepted electronically. The auction period is 30 days long. 
The auction results are subject to court approval which will only be made after the auction price has been 
paid in full. The person which has acquired the real estate in the auction obtains title to the real estate 
pursuant to the court decision approving the auction results. The mortgagee has the right to acquire the 
mortgaged real estate at the auction starting price if there were no bidders or none of the bidders offered 
more than the starting price of the auction. 
Costs of enforcement 
Various state fees would need to be paid to initiate the mortgage enforcement proceedings or request any 
protective measure in the proceedings. The amount of such state fees would depend on the amount of the 
claim and the enforcement proceedings chosen. Furthermore, court proceedings often entail other legal 
costs such as lawyers' fees, which may not be compensated in full even if the court rules in favour of the 
party. If the court rules in favour of the other party, it is possible that the legal costs incurred by the other 
party may need to be compensated. 
Enforcement procedure by bailiff would entail state fees, bailiff's fee and various costs necessary for 
enforcement proceedings. In case of a monetary claim, bailiff's fee is split into a fixed and variable part the 
latter depending on the amount of the enforcement proceeds received. The enforcement costs would be 
borne by the debtor, however, in certain cases the creditor is obliged to pay the enforcement costs in 
advance.

--- Page 152 ---
- 143 - 
Distribution of mortgage enforcement proceeds 
Distribution of the mortgage enforcement proceeds is mandatorily governed by the Civil Procedure Law 
and cannot be varied by contract. According to the Civil Procedure Law, the mortgage enforcement costs 
are paid in the following sequence of priority: (i) the enforcement costs, including the remuneration of the 
court bailiff, the auction costs, costs of valuation of the collateral for enforcement purposes, and other 
related costs; (ii) salary and social security claims of the employees that were involved in the maintenance 
of the mortgaged real estate (if applicable); (iii) claims for past due real estate taxes on the mortgaged real 
estate; (iv) claims for payments related to real estate management services/activities connected with 
residential buildings up to 5 per cent. from the auction price (applicable from 2023); (v) dues and other 
obligations attached to the real estate and recorded in respect of the real estate in the Land Register (this 
does not include mortgages); (vi) the claims secured by the mortgage, provided that the ancillary claims 
thereof (interest for the last three years up to the day of end of an auction, adjudged court expenses and 
litigation expenses) do not exceed the amount of the mortgage entered in the Land Register shall also be 
satisfied; and (vii) interest claims that were not paid in the previous priority ranking, and all other unsecured 
claims pro rata. 
Treatment of the mortgage and mortgagee in the mortgagor's insolvency proceedings 
Should the mortgagor be declared bankrupt, the mortgage ensures a priority position of the mortgagee with 
respect to the proceeds from the sale of the mortgaged real estate property. The priority is ensured subject 
to the conditions that (i) the secured creditor has filed its claim within the period specified by the law and 
(ii) the claim has been accepted in the mortgagor's insolvency proceedings. 
In the mortgagor's bankruptcy proceedings, claims secured by the mortgage are satisfied as first priority 
claims for the account (and to the extent) of the money received from the sale of the mortgaged real estate 
property. The enforcement costs and insolvency administrator's remuneration for the enforcement are paid 
before the secured claim. If a claim secured by the mortgage is not satisfied in full from the money received 
from the sale of the mortgaged real estate property, the rest of the claim shall be satisfied together with all 
other accepted unsecured claims which were filed within the term specified by law. All waterfall provisions 
agreed in the loan and security documentation are disregarded in the insolvency proceedings. The proceeds 
received in the sale of mortgaged real estate in insolvency proceedings are first applied in satisfaction of 
the principal claim, then interest, and finally in towards payment of penalties. All claims are paid if and to 
the extent they have been accepted by the insolvency administrator (or, in case of dispute, awarded pursuant 
to a court judgement). 
Enforcement of mortgages in insolvency proceedings is carried out by the insolvency administrator in 
accordance with the provisions of the Civil Procedure Law and the Insolvency Law. However, the 
mortgagee and the insolvency administrator are permitted to agree on enforcement of mortgage in a private 
sale carried out by the administrator or the mortgagee itself. 
If a debtor's dependants are living with him or her in a dwelling with a cadastral value not exceeding EUR 
142,287 and the dwelling is the declared place of residence of the debtor's dependants who are living 
together with him or her, the sale of this dwelling in an auction can be postponed for a period of up to one 
year from the proclamation date of insolvency proceedings of a natural person, to allow the debtor to find 
another dwelling. 
A secured creditor and the debtor may enter into an agreement that the dwelling owned by the debtor which 
has been pledged in favour of the secured creditor is not sold during insolvency proceedings of a natural 
person. In this case a payment which shall not exceed the amount which would be payable to a debtor when 
hiring the debtor's property serving as security during insolvency proceedings of a natural person shall be 
made to the secured creditor during insolvency proceedings of a natural person. 
Treatment of the mortgage and mortgagee in enforcement proceedings carried out with respect to the 
mortgagor's assets 
If the mortgaged real estate property is sold in enforcement proceedings conducted by another creditors, 
the mortgagee, if it holds an enforcement document, may before the completion of the enforcement auction, 
submit an application to the bailiff, in which the mortgagee applies for the preferred satisfaction of the 
mortgagee's claim from the proceeds of the sale of the mortgaged real estate property. The bailiff must take

--- Page 153 ---
- 144 - 
the claim of the mortgagee into account upon distribution of the proceeds from the sale of the mortgaged 
real estate property and preparation of a distribution plan. 
If the mortgagee does not hold an enforcement document or has not applied to the bailiff within the period 
specified above, and his or her claim has a higher ranking over the claim enforced by the bailiff, the bailiff 
must reserve in the bailiff's deposit account the enforcement proceeds in the amount of the secured claim 
stated in the Land Register or notified by the mortgagee on demand by the bailiff. In this case the 
enforcement proceeds are paid to the creditor once the credit has obtained and submitted to the bailiff the 
enforcement document in respect of the secured claim. 
Contesting of claims and reversal 
In the mortgagor's insolvency proceedings only the claims that have been submitted by the creditors within 
the period specified in the Insolvency Law and have been accepted by the insolvency administrator are 
paid. A creditor is entitled to contest the decision of the insolvency administrator on non-recognition or 
partial recognition of his or her claim in the court. In addition, each creditor, as well as debtor may contest 
the administrator's decision to accept of a claim of another creditor. If contested, the dispute will be finally 
settled by the court. 
Furthermore, the insolvency administrator has the duty to evaluate all insolvent debtor's transactions and 
bring an action before a court to invalidate the transaction if the transaction has been concluded after the 
date of proclamation of the debtor's insolvency or within three years prior to it and it meets the transaction 
avoidance criteria set out in the Insolvency Law (related to causing losses to the debtor). 
A mortgage contract shall be recognised as invalid if the mortgage rights have been founded after making 
of the entry in the Insolvency Register on the proclamation of insolvency proceedings of the debtor. A 
mortgage may also be invalidated, if the agreement establishing the mortgage or the obligation secured by 
it is invalidated on general transaction invalidation grounds. 
Release of debtor who is a natural person from obligations 
Under the Insolvency Law, natural person's insolvency proceedings involve a bankruptcy proceeding where 
the person's property shall be sold and a subsequent procedure for extinguishing obligations where the 
person shall direct a certain part of the person's income for covering of the claims of the creditors. If the 
debtor has performed the activities specified in the plan for extinguishing obligations, after expiry of the 
plan the debtor is released from the outstanding obligations, except for those obligations referred to in the 
Insolvency Law. 
The debtor must prepare a plan for extinguishing obligations and submit it to his/her creditors and the court 
for approval. A creditor may object to the proposed plan or propose amendments to the plan. Only the 
principal obligations and interest agreed and accrued prior to insolvency proceedings and capped at 6 per 
cent. per annum are payable during the procedure for extinguishing obligations pursuant to the plan for 
extinguishing obligations.. 
The duration of the procedure for extinguishing obligations may last from one to three years depending on 
the aggregate amount of the income forecast to be earned by the debtor and the aggregate amount of the 
obligations that have to be paid by the debtor during the proceeding. If the debtor's income during the 
performance of the plan for extinguishing obligations changes, the debtor has an obligation to prepare 
amendments to the plan in line with the change. If the debtor fails to meet obligations insignificantly 
impacting execution thereof or is unable to find a paid job or has become incapacitated during the procedure 
for extinguishing obligations, the court may extend the plan once by one year. In addition, as of 2023 Q2, 
with the incorporation of the stipulations outlined in Directive (EU) No. 2019/1023 on preventive 
restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and on measures to increase the 
efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, the courts are 
mandated to consider extending the obligation extinguishment plan due to the debtor's actions and the 
possibility of revoking the obligation extinguishment as necessary. 
A court shall take a decision to terminate insolvency proceedings of a natural person without releasing from 
the outstanding obligations, if restrictions on the application of the insolvency proceedings or restrictions 
on the application of the procedure for extinguishing of obligations are found or the debtor fails to fulfil the 
plan for extinguishing of obligations.

--- Page 154 ---
- 145 - 
Consumer protection 
General requirements 
The Consumer Rights Protection Law sets out specific legal framework applicable to consumer credit 
contracts relating to residential immovable property. Loans to consumers may only be granted by credit 
institutions authorised in Latvia or another EEA member state or by consumer lenders authorised (licensed) 
in Latvia. 
The creditor may enter into a consumer credit contract with the consumer only if the creditor is convinced 
that the consumer is creditworthy and the credit obligations are likely to be met under the terms of the 
contract, and the documentary proof of income mandatorily required by the Latvian law has been obtained. 
If the creditor has failed to assess the consumer's creditworthiness, the interest rate applicable in respect of 
the relevant credit would, on the request of the consumer and subject to applicable statute of limitations, be 
capped at the rate of the statutory interest rate (which currently is 6 per cent. per annum) and creditor shall 
not be allowed to charge late payment penalties, interest or fees. 
The creditor that has received a request for credit from the consumer is obliged to offer him or her at least 
two different terms of the consumer's lending agreement – one of which provides that the real estate serves 
as sufficient collateral to enable the obligation on the creditor to be extinguished in full. 
Requirements for consumer credit contracts 
The substance of the consumer loan contracts is regulated by the government of Latvia. The contracts must 
contain clear and concise information regarding the key elements of the consumer loan, including the type 
of credit, the term, the amount of the loan, applicable interest rate, the annual percentage rate of charge and 
total amount payable by consumer, and certain other information mandatorily required by the government 
regulations. 
The costs of credit to a consumer must be reasonable and comply with fair business practices. Furthermore, 
the total costs of consumer loans provided after 1 July 2019 are subject to statutory limitation (caps). Failure 
to disclose the consumer credit cost related information in the loan documentation as required by the 
applicable regulations may restrict the lender to claim the costs not disclosed, or may have other 
unfavourable consequences to the lender. 
Specific limitations apply to consumer mortgage loans where the amount of the loan is equal to or greater 
than 100 minimum monthly wages (currently, EUR 700 per month). These loans may not exceed (i) more 
than 90 per cent. of the market value of the real estate collateral securing them or (ii) more than 95 per cent. 
of the amount of the relevant real estate purchase transaction or the planned construction costs, if the 
repayment is secured by a real estate mortgage and a guarantee of the Latvian state granted under a specific 
governmental housing development assistance programme. 
Changes of interest rates enter into force if the creditor has notified the consumer beforehand, on a durable 
medium, of the change in the interest rate, in the amount of payments due after the entry into force of the 
new interest rate and in the number or frequency of the payments, if any. 
A consumer has the right to repay the credit in part or in full before maturity, without being obliged to pay 
any interest or other charges for the period when the credit is not used. In variable interest rate contracts, 
the lender may not claim any prepayment related fees or costs. However, if the contract is a fixed borrowing 
rate contract, the creditor has the right to receive reasonable compensation for the amount repaid early 
exceeding EUR 9,960 within 12 months, unless, inter alia, the repayment has been made under an insurance 
contract intended to provide a credit repayment guarantee. The compensation may not exceed the lowest 
of: (i) 1 per cent. of the amount of credit repaid early, if the period of time between the day of early 
repayment and the expiry of the consumer credit contract exceeds one year; or (ii) 0.5 per cent. of the 
amount of credit repaid early if the period of time between the early repayment and the expiry of the 
consumer credit contract does not exceed one year, or (iii) the sum of the interest which the consumer would 
have paid in the period between the day of performing the early repayment and the agreed day of the expiry 
of the concluded consumer credit contract. 
If, on the basis of a consumer credit contract, a debtor, including a consumer, has made a payment which 
is insufficient for the performance of all obligations which have fallen due, the payment shall cover: (i)

--- Page 155 ---
- 146 - 
firstly, interest; (ii) secondly, the main debt; (iii) thirdly, any contractual penalty; (iv) fourthly, other 
obligations. A creditor may not refuse insufficient payments. 
In response to recent legislative initiatives, amendments to the laws have been introduced to establish 
procedures for mortgage refinancing. These updates delineate the process through which consumers secure 
credit backed by a mortgage on real estate, with the aim of simplifying and standardising mortgage 
refinancing procedures. The amendments require cooperation from the previous creditor and define the 
responsibilities of both the acquiring bank and the previous bank in transferring mortgage rights and 
associated obligations. Additionally, the amendments specify certain rights and obligations, ensuring fair 
treatment concerning fees, compensations, and insurance reimbursements involved in the refinancing 
process. 
Breach of a consumer credit contract 
In general, unless otherwise expressly permitted pursuant to the law, a creditor does not have the right to 
request from a consumer who has not committed a material breach of the consumer credit contract: (i) 
additional security for the granted credit, on the basis that the value of real estate (initial collateral) has 
decreased due to changes in the real estate market; (ii) any costs for the revaluation of mortgage collateral 
during the duration of the contract, unless the credit has been granted on the basis of the assumption that 
the value of the real estate (collateral) will increase; (iii) early repayment of the issued credit. 
Where a consumer who has not committed a material breach of the contract so requests, the creditor shall 
be obliged to consider the consumer's proposal for extending the period of repayment of the loan or 
changing the loan currency. In the event of a refusal, the creditor shall provide the consumer with a reasoned 
response within 30 days. 
A material breach of the contract shall be regarded as: (i) delaying the repayment of the loan or interest 
payment payments for more than 60 days or more than three times during the year, each time for more than 
30 days; (ii) use of the loan contrary to the purpose specified in the consumer credit contract; (iii) the 
provision of false information for the receipt of the loan. 
Before the termination of the consumer credit contract and the commencement of the disposal of real estate, 
the creditor shall, if possible, offer to the consumer solutions that would allow the consumer to continue to 
fulfil the obligations, as well as inform the guarantor on the possibility to pay the debt or to take over the 
consumer's obligations.

--- Page 156 ---
- 147 - 
THE LITHUANIAN MORTGAGE MARKET 
Lending for apartments, cottages and houses takes the form typically of one mortgage loan with an 
aggregated Loan-to-Value Ratio of up to 85 per cent. or up to 100 per cent. if the borrower receives a state 
subsidy from the Ministry of Social Security and Labour of Lithuania. Interest payable on mortgage loans 
is generally floating rate, expressed as a fixed margin over 6-month Euribor. There are no specific rules 
limiting the interest rate (other than in respect of default interest rate). 
Commercial lenders are the principal originators of residential mortgage loans and provide a range of 
financing for single family homes in Lithuania. As at 31 December 2023 the total market balance of 
mortgage loans was EUR 12.1 billion, an increase of EUR 0.6 billion, or 5 per cent. versus the prior year. 
As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer held 22 per cent. share of the total mortgage market according to the 
estimates of management and calculated on the basis of public data published by the Lithuanian Central 
Bank. 
Material Legal Aspects of the Mortgage Loans 
The summary below provides a brief overview of the material legal aspects of mortgage loans and does not 
purport to be complete analysis of all legal considerations relating to mortgage loans. This summary is 
based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that 
may take effect after such date. 
Establishment of a Mortgage 
Real estate property located in Lithuania can be provided as a security by way of a mortgage, which must 
be established under a mortgage agreement attested by a notary and which is registered with the Lithuanian 
Real Property Register. The entering into a mortgage agreement and registration of the mortgage in the 
Lithuanian Real Property Register is a sufficient evidence regarding the establishment of the mortgage and 
no further certificates (neither physical nor electronic) are issued with respect to the mortgage under 
Lithuanian law. The Lithuanian Real Property Register is a public register and, subject to the payment of a 
processing fee, information regarding real estate properties and mortgages encumbering such real estate 
properties can be accessed publicly (for natural persons – by submitting a request electronically, in person 
or by post; for legal entities – by concluding an agreement with the registers and subsequently accessing 
register data electronically). An entry concerning the mortgage in the Lithuanian Real Property Register 
sets out: (i) the mortgagee; (ii) the mortgagor; (iii) the debtor; (iv) details of the collateral; (v) details of the 
secured obligation (agreement); (vi) amount of the secured obligation and/or maximum amount of secured 
obligation; and (vii) other information indicated in the regulations of the Lithuanian Real Property Register. 
Unless the mortgage agreement establishes otherwise, the mortgage covers: (i) the principal object (real 
estate); and (ii) all current and future auxiliary objects (essential parts of the principal object, fruit and 
production obtained from principal object, appurtenances) belonging to such real estate, except for income 
from real estate. If a real estate property encumbered with a mortgage is insured, the mortgage also extends 
to a claim for the insurance proceeds. 
An immovable object belonging by the right of common ownership may be mortgaged only upon the 
consent of all co-owners. When a part of common divided ownership is mortgaged, the consent of other 
co-owners is not necessary, however, the mortgaged part must be accurately defined in the contract on the 
manner of the use of the thing (object) concluded among co-owners and certified by the notary. 
A mortgage secures the principal amount and interest arising therefrom. The parties to the mortgage 
agreement may agree that penalties and losses of the mortgagee in relation to failure to perform the secured 
obligation are secured by maximum mortgage. 
Enforcement Procedures 
Introduction and general principles of Lithuanian law in respect of enforcement 
If a borrower fails to fulfil its obligations under a mortgage loan, the creditor may generally seek 
enforcement of a mortgage (and other security, if any) securing the mortgage loan to be able to satisfy the 
claims arising from the mortgage loans for the account of proceeds from the enforcement of such mortgage 
(or other security).

--- Page 157 ---
- 148 - 
The enforcement of a mortgage is carried out through a notary public and a bailiff. In the event funds 
received from the enforcement of the collateral do not entirely cover the creditor's claim, a creditor is 
entitled to initiate the general debt recovery proceedings by submitting a claim to a court having a 
jurisdiction over the mortgaged loan. 
Enforcement of a mortgage 
Enforcement is carried out through a notary and a bailiff. 
A payment default is not the only ground required for commencement of enforcement action. In accordance 
with Lithuanian law, a creditor may start the enforcement proceedings if: (i) within the time period indicated 
in the mortgage agreement a debtor fails to discharge the secured obligation; (ii) other creditors start 
enforcement of the collateral; (iii) a debtor dies (in case of a natural person) or bankruptcy proceedings are 
commenced against a debtor or a mortgagor or a decision to liquidate a debtor or a mortgagor is passed (in 
the case of legal entities); (iv) the value of the collateral decreases by 30 per cent. and a debtor has failed 
to cover such reduction or such reduction is not covered by insurance; (v) insurance agreement is terminated 
or not renewed; or (vi) other grounds for starting the enforcement procedures as described in the mortgage 
agreement exist (e.g. where the mortgage agreement indicates that other grounds for starting enforcement 
procedures include any event of default as set out in the facility agreement). 
If the above grounds exist, a creditor may apply to a notary with the request to make an enforcement record, 
on the basis of which a bailiff starts the forced execution procedure. When a creditor (mortgagee) applies 
with a request to make an enforcement record, the notary, having received a request of the mortgagee to 
make an enforcement record, firstly verifies whether: (i) the person submitting the request is the mortgagee; 
(ii) the data provided in the mortgagee's request (mortgage identification code, claim amount, details of the 
debtor, mortgagor and their addresses) conforms to the data provided in the Lithuanian Real Property 
Register; (iii) whether the maturity date of the secured obligation has expired or, if the mortgagee wishes 
to enforce the mortgage before expiration of maturity date, whether other grounds for enforcement exist. 
After verification of the latter data and prior to making an enforcement record, a notary sends a notice to a 
debtor proposing to pay the debt within 20 days from the date of the dispatch of the notice or to submit 
information evidencing invalidity of the creditor's claim. A notary makes an enforcement record or refuses 
to make it, considering the information provided by a creditor and a debtor. The decision to reject the 
creditor's request to make an enforcement record must be motivated (e.g. where no ground for enforcement 
exists or where the person providing a request is not the mortgagee, etc.). 
If the notary makes an enforcement record, such notary promptly informs the Lithuanian Real Property 
Register thereof. From the date an enforcement record is registered with the Lithuanian Real Property 
Register, a debtor has no right to dispose of the collateral without the creditor's consent. After the notary 
issues an enforcement record and in case the debtor does not cover the debt voluntarily, it has to be 
transmitted to a bailiff for execution during five years from the date of issuance. 
In the case of the mortgage, a creditor may choose from the following options of the enforcement: (i) to 
sell the collateral in forced auction; or (ii) to request transferring the collateral (except for the enterprise 
mortgage and mortgage of collateral owned by a person other than a debtor) to a creditor for administration 
(in such case a creditor is entitled to cover its claim from proceeds received during the administration). 
In case of forced auction, the initial price in the forced auction is established as 80 per cent. from the value 
determined by the bailiff upon seizure of the property (following submission of the enforcement record to 
the bailiff for enforcement). This value is determined as the market value taking into account wear and tear 
of the property and opinions of the mortgagee and the debtor. If the bailiff has doubts as to the value of the 
property, an expert valuation of the forced sale asset by an expert may be ordered. If the forced auction is 
not successful (e.g. if no bidders participate), the mortgagee may be offered to take over the ownership of 
the property for the initial price (if the initial price is higher than the claim amount, the difference between 
these amounts has to be transferred to the bailiff). If the mortgagee refuses to take over the ownership of 
the property, further auctions may be organised, where the initial price of the property is gradually reduced. 
The mortgagee may bid in the auction as well. 
In the event funds received from selling the collateral do not entirely cover the creditor's claim, a creditor 
is entitled to initiate the general debt recovery proceedings by submitting a claim to a court having a 
jurisdiction over the mortgaged loan.

--- Page 158 ---
- 149 - 
Usually realisation of the collateral takes 6-12 months provided no dispute arises (such as challenging the 
underlying agreements or foreclosure process) and all actions are taken in an expeditious manner. 
Otherwise, the process may take a couple of years. 
Cost of enforcement 
If the enforcement process requires submitting a claim to court, a state fee would need to be paid to initiate 
the court proceedings. The amount of such state fee would depend on the amount of the claim. Furthermore, 
court proceedings often entail other legal costs such as lawyers' fees, which may not be recovered in full 
even if the court rules in favour of the party. The party which lost the litigation dispute pays the justified 
and necessary legal expenses of the opposing party (covers paid stamp duty and legal costs if the party was 
represented by attorney). 
Enforcement procedure by a bailiff would entail a bailiff's fee and costs necessary for enforcement 
proceedings. In case of a monetary claim, the bailiff's fee depends on the amount of the claim and the 
recovered amount. The enforcement costs would be borne by the debtor and would be collected by the 
bailiff. 
Treatment of the mortgage and mortgagee in the mortgagor's bankruptcy proceedings 
If the bankruptcy proceedings have been opened in the debtor company, a creditor must submit its claim 
against the debtor to the bankruptcy administrator together with the necessary documentation (evidencing 
the claim). As a general rule, secured creditors have a priority to settle their debt from the proceeds of the 
sale of mortgaged assets. Notably, the expenses relating to the enforcement of the debt, e. g. the expenses 
relating to administration of the enterprise bankruptcy, bailiff's remuneration, etc., are paid first of all 
(before creditors) from all types of funds of a debtor, including mortgaged assets. 
In case the debtor is subject to bankruptcy proceedings, the claims of the creditors will be satisfied in two 
tiers. The first tier will include: (i) claims of creditors, who provided new or interim financing to the debtor; 
(ii) claims of employees; (iii) claims regarding social security and health insurance taxes, payments to 
Guarantee fund and Long Term Employment Payments Fund; (iv) claims that arose from economic 
commercial activities of the debtor during the insolvency procedure. The second tier will include the claims 
of all other creditors. 
Claims of the lower tier creditors are only satisfied once the claims of all higher tier creditors have been 
satisfied in full. These preferred groups of claims do not, however, have priority over secured creditors. 
Secured creditors are treated apart and can recover their claims from the collateral (secured asset), i.e. 
should the mortgagor be declared bankrupt, the mortgage ensures a priority position of the mortgagee with 
respect to the proceeds from the sale of the mortgaged real estate property. If the claim is not fully covered 
from the foreclosure of mortgaged assets, the creditor will satisfy the remaining part of the claim in 
accordance with the order indicated above (i.e. the creditor with the remaining part of claim would be in 
the second tier among other creditors). 
Assets or the proceeds of the sale of the assets are distributed pro rata to satisfy the claims of the same 
ranking. The claims are also satisfied in two stages: first of all, principal amounts of debts are covered, and 
only then interest, including penalty interest and fines, are satisfied. 
Treatment of the mortgage and mortgagee in enforcement proceedings carried out with respect to the 
mortgagor's assets 
If the mortgagor's assets are subject to enforcement in enforcement proceedings by other creditors via 
bailiff, the bailiff should invite the mortgagee to join the enforcement, regardless of whether or not the 
mortgagee's claim has fallen due. If the mortgagee decides to join the enforcement, the bailiff must take the 
claim of the mortgagee into account upon distribution of the proceeds from the sale of the mortgaged real 
estate property. 
Contesting of claims 
A bankruptcy administrator and all other creditors of the bankrupt grantor of a mortgage may in the course 
of the bankruptcy proceedings contest the claims submitted against the debtor. If contested, the dispute will 
be finally settled by the court who will determine whether such claim against the debtor exists and is 
sufficiently proven.

--- Page 159 ---
- 150 - 
According to the Lithuanian Law on Insolvency of Legal Entities, the bankruptcy administrator is obliged 
to examine the transactions entered into by the insolvent entity within a period of at least 3 years before the 
initiation of bankruptcy proceedings. The bankruptcy administrator has an obligation to bring actions in 
court for the invalidation of the transactions which are contrary to the objectives of the insolvent company's 
activities and which could have led to its inability to settle with the creditors. If a bankruptcy is recognised 
as intentional, the bankruptcy administrator is provided with additional term of 6 months to bring actions 
in court for the invalidation of the transactions which are contrary to the objectives of the insolvent 
company's activities and (or) which could have led to its inability to settle with the creditors. 
Bankruptcy of a natural person 
The bankruptcy of natural persons is governed under the Law of Natural Persons' Bankruptcy of the 
Republic of Lithuania. In case of commencement of bankruptcy proceedings of a natural person, the 
bankruptcy plan is prepared by the debtor, reviewed and opined upon by the bankruptcy administrator, 
approved by the meeting of creditors and submitted to the court for the final approval. The duration of the 
plan is 3 years, during which the claims of the approved creditors are being satisfied in accordance with the 
terms and timeline indicated in the approved bankruptcy plan. 
As of the effect day of a court decision to open personal bankruptcy proceedings, all time limits of debt 
payment by a natural person shall be deemed to have expired. This provision shall become invalid as of the 
effect day of a court decision to discontinue personal bankruptcy proceedings. Where the natural person 
and the collateral holders and/or mortgagees agree to retain the mortgaged property during the natural 
person's bankruptcy proceedings, these natural person's debts, which have given rise to the claims of the 
collateral holders and/or mortgagees, shall not be considered to be due. 
As soon as the last payment is made according to the plan, a bankruptcy administrator must, no later than 
within ten working days of such payment, draw up a certificate of plan implementation. The bankruptcy 
administrator shall, no later than within 5 working days of signing thereof, deliver the certificate to a court 
and a copy thereof to the bankrupt natural person and chairperson of the meeting of creditors. Upon the 
receipt of the aforementioned certificate, a court shall take a decision to close or discontinue personal 
bankruptcy proceedings. A court shall take a decision to close personal bankruptcy proceedings provided 
that at least one of the following conditions is met: (i) all creditors' claims approved by the court are satisfied 
by a natural person earlier than set in the plan, and a bankruptcy administrator submits to the court 
supporting documents; (ii) a bankruptcy administrator submits to the court documents evidencing that a 
natural person is able and will be able to discharge his liabilities in the future; (iii) all creditors waive their 
claims, and the court decides to accept the waivers. 
Consumer protection 
The Lithuanian Law on Real Estate Related Credit sets out the specific legal framework applicable, inter 
alia, to consumer credit agreements under which implementation of the borrower's duties is secured by 
mortgages on real estate or titles related to real estate. 
Prior to conclusion of the consumer credit contract, the creditor must provide to a consumer certain specific 
information using the standard consumer credit information form approved by the supervisory authority, 
give certain explanations and assess the consumer's creditworthiness. Where the creditor fails to properly 
follow the procedure for assessment of the consumer's creditworthiness through no fault of the borrower, 
no penalties shall be applicable to the borrower in case of default. Where the creditor and the consumer 
agree to change the amount of credit drawn down by the consumer or the upper credit limit, the creditor 
must update information regarding the creditworthiness of the consumer and assess the creditworthiness 
each time before such change. 
The Lithuanian Law on Real Estate Related Credit sets out in detail the information that must be included 
in the consumer credit agreement (details of the parties, duration of the agreement, amount of credit, 
calculation of credit interest, etc.). 
If the credit agreement does not contain all of the mandatory information specified in the laws or if the 
information specified in the credit agreement is misleading and this had a major impact on the borrower's 
decision to conclude the credit agreement, which he/ she would not have concluded under different 
circumstances or he/ she would have had concluded it under different essential conditions, the borrower

--- Page 160 ---
- 151 - 
shall repay the loan by paying credit premiums established in the credit agreement, however, he/ she shall 
not be obliged to pay the interest and other costs established in the credit agreement. 
In case of substantial breaches of the provisions of the credit agreement, except for default in the financial 
obligations under the credit agreement, the margin specified in the credit agreement may be increased only 
to the extent specified in the credit agreement and only for duration of the breach of the provisions of the 
credit agreement. In the event of a default in the financial obligations under the credit agreement, the margin 
specified in the credit agreement may not be increased. 
In cases of default in financial obligations, the penalties imposed on the borrower shall not exceed 0.05 per 
cent. of the overdue sum for each day of delay (except as otherwise indicated below) and shall not be 
calculated for a period exceeding 180 days. No other penalties and payments shall be imposed on the 
borrower for failure to implement the financial obligations assumed under the credit agreement. 
In the event of termination of the credit agreement or demand for full repayment of the credit prior to the 
expiry of the credit agreement without termination thereof, the borrower may be liable for default interest, 
which may not exceed 0.015 per cent. of the amount due for each day of delay. 
A consumer may withdraw from a consumer credit contract within 14 days from the date of entering into 
the contract, without giving a reason. Upon withdrawal, the consumer must repay the outstanding credit 
and accrued interest no later than within 30 days after submitting a withdrawal application, and the creditor 
is not entitled to any compensation from the consumer other than a compensation for fees for administration 
services paid to the public administration entities. 
The borrower shall be entitled to repay the credit or a part thereof prior to expiry of the validity period of 
the credit agreement. If the borrower exercises this right on a date other than the date the variable interest 
rate changes, the lender shall be entitled to a compensation of potential losses directly associated with 
repayment of the credit or a part thereof prior to expiry of the validity period of the loan agreement, which 
shall not exceed 3 per cent. of the amount of the credit or a part thereof prior to expiry of the validity period 
of the credit agreement. 
The lender shall be entitled to transfer the rights and obligations under active credit agreements concluded 
with borrowers only to an entity included in the public list of lenders managed by the supervisory authority. 
In accordance with Lithuanian law, in order to assign the claim, the assignor and assignee have to enter into 
the claim assignment agreement. The fact of transfer of the claim may be used against the debtor and third 
parties only after the debtor is informed about the transfer of claim. The debtor shall have an obligation to 
make payments directly to the assignee only if it is duly notified of the assignment thereof. 
The Bank of Lithuania may impose sanctions on the lender for failure to comply with the requirements 
under the Lithuanian Law on Real Estate Related Credit.

--- Page 161 ---
- 152 - 
RETAIL MORTGAGE LENDING PRINCIPLES OF THE ISSUER 
In order to ensure good credit quality, the Issuer's mortgage loan issuance process in each of the Estonian, 
Latvian and Lithuanian markets is built upon the following principles: the customer relationship is based 
on a thorough knowledge of the customer as well as on trust of the customer's willingness and ability to 
meet its liabilities. It is essential for the Issuer to understand the customer's financial needs through 
interaction with them. 
The Issuer expects any new loans to have a low to medium risk profile. 
The Issuer has defined certain criteria for mortgage loans, which may be amended from time to time. 
Applicable criteria as at the date of this Base Prospectus include, without limitation, the following: 
1. 
Customer 
• 
Local (Baltic) residents 
• 
Non-citizens might be accepted if there is an undoubted connection with the country where 
a loan is requested 
2. 
Currency 
• 
Mostly only EUR. Exceptions can be made, if customer's income is in another currency 
3. 
Loan to Value (LTV) 
• 
Maximum LTV 85 per cent. (exceptions possible using state support programs) 
• 
Financing amount is calculated from the lowest from transaction price or valuations 
reports from accepted independent certified external valuators or the Issuer's internal 
valuation 
4. 
Collateral 
• 
Residential houses and apartments located in areas with a liquid property market 
• 
First priority pledge on the property that is being financed, as a main rule 
• 
Evaluation not older than 12 months (or shorter if negative tendencies in the market are 
observed) 
5. 
Indexation of residential collateral values 
• 
Frequency: at least once a year 
• 
Geographical segmentation is implemented in Estonia, Lithuania and Latvia 
6. 
Maturity 
• 
Maximum maturity of mortgage loans: 30 years 
The Issuer's main assessment criterion in relation to mortgage loans is the customer's repayment (debt 
servicing) capacity and primarily it is based on the customer`s cash flow. Income must be permanent, long-
term, regular, predictable and proved according to the income type. In addition, the Issuer collects 
information from public authorities and/or customer's account statements. Debt to Income ratio should be 
below 40 per cent, tests of positive liquidity, interest rate sensitivity and positive net wealth are applied. 
The Issuer evaluates the customer's behaviour (credit history) during their relationship with the Issuer and 
based on all available external databases taken into account for the new credit proposals. 
The Issuer has established a credit issuance and approval process with the following steps. 
1. 
Consultation: the customer submits an application and other required documents using the channels 
offered via Customer Service Centres to identify the customer and initiate internal workflow.

--- Page 162 ---
- 153 - 
2. 
Information and document-gathering to identify the customer and initiate internal workflow. 
3. 
Assessment and memo preparation: a dedicated employee obtains, analyses and summarises 
information about the customer, which is essential for adoption of the credit decision and prepares 
the credit memo. 
4. 
Decisions shall be made in Lending Competence Centre according to the decision matrix, described 
in the Issuer's internal procedures. 
5. 
Contract and disbursement: 
• 
contract is signed by the Issuer and the customer 
• 
deal information is recorded in the bank system 
• 
Financing is disbursed to the customer 
Retail mortgage lending authorisation process 
All credit decisions are made by relevant employee of the Issuer, based on the "two pairs of eyes" principle. 
Powers to act are granted based on the competence of the employee and signed off by the Issuer's risk 
organisation (second line of defence). 
Dependent on the size of the potential exposure, the Issuer has internally defined which decision-making 
body is authorised to approve the respective exposure. 
As at the end of 2023, weighted average Loan-to-Value Ratios (WA LTV) and amounts per each country 
for all retail mortgage loans are as follows: 
Mortgage Portfolio¹ LTV Split by Countries (EUR million) as of 31 December 2023 
 
1 - Gross amounts Q4 2023 
LTV Ratios (LTV) are calculated by dividing the loan amount by the current collateral value allocated to 
the particular loan. Collateral value includes also indexed valuations. Indexation is performed at least 
annually. If the same collateral covers more than one loan, then only the relevant part of the collateral value 
is used to calculate LTV for a particular loan. 
0
200
400
600
800
1,000
Estonia
Lithuania
Latvia

--- Page 163 ---
- 154 - 
Retail mortgage lending credit monitoring process 
Monitoring activities for credit exposures are performed on a continuous basis throughout the credit 
agreement lifecycle with the purpose of recognising any developments in customer risk profile at an early 
stage and securing timely and appropriate actions for mitigation in case of negative findings. Credit 
exposure monitoring consists of overdue management, collateral insurance monitoring and early warning 
signals (for exposures above certain thresholds). 
Overdue management process is performed on a regular basis for debt recognition with activities for 
mitigation to minimise potential loss. 
Collateral insurance monitoring is performed on a regular basis, to detect and mitigate potential loss arising 
from unforeseen events occurring with collaterals without insurance. 
Restructuring of retail mortgage loans and management of Non-Performing Loans (NPLs) 
The Issuer has set the >30 days overdue criterion for identifying distressed mortgage customers. Certain 
other indicators are also monitored for non-performing customers. 
The Issuer's strategy towards private individual mortgage exposure is determined based on three main 
criteria: 
• 
collaboration (customers' active cooperation with the Issuer to seek solution(s)); 
• 
social factor (customer is socially sensitive, decrease in income by 1/3); and 
• 
viability of restructuring (e.g. multiple consecutive restructuring measures). 
Enforcement of collateral 
Typically, the full cycle of the mortgage enforcement process in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania takes 
approximately 1.5 years and consists of three main stages: 
1. 
Overdue management – a stage which ends with contract termination if the mortgage loan is 
overdue by more than 150 days. 
2. 
Collateral enforcement – a stage which typically starts with an application for execution, which 
usually leads to an auction of the pledged asset(s) and collection of money from the sale. This 
process usually takes up to a year if no litigation is involved. 
3. 
Finally, if proceeds from the enforcement of the collateral do not fully cover the client's liabilities, 
the Issuer writes off the remaining debt and moves to the final stage - debt recovery from 
unsecured residual amounts. The Issuer either does this in house or sells written-off portfolios to 
external debt collection companies.

--- Page 164 ---
- 155 - 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE QUALIFYING COVER POOL 
On 19 December 2019, the Issuer was granted an additional authorisation by the ECB to issue covered 
bonds under the ECBA. The additional authorisation is granted for an unspecified term and it enables the 
Issuer to issue any type of covered bonds under the ECBA, i.e. mortgage covered bonds and mixed asset 
covered bonds. 
The purpose of the statutory requirements of the ECBA is to ensure that the Issuer has sufficient Eligible 
Assets to produce funds to service any payments of interest and principal due and payable on the Covered 
Bonds of each Series outstanding under the Programme. The ECBA (as amended on 17 November 2021) 
provides for more stringent requirements in respect of coverage of covered bonds and requires the Issuer, 
to continuously ensure that (a) the principal amount of all outstanding covered bonds of the same type and 
the interest payable thereon, the net liabilities arising from derivative instruments entered in the cover 
register, and operating expenses related to a Covered Bond Portfolio, which consist of the estimated 
expenses related to management and administration in the case of liquidation of the Covered Bond Portfolio, 
shall be covered by the Cover Pool at any time, (b) the nominal value of the Cover Pool shall exceed the 
liabilities covered by at least five per cent. (i.e. the over collateralisation). and (c) in addition to meeting 
the above criteria, if the known redemption value of covered bonds is higher than their nominal value at the 
time of issue, the nominal value of the Cover Pool covering the covered bonds of the same type shall be at 
least equal to the redemption value of the covered bonds. For a more detailed overview of the requirements 
of the ECBA in relation to the Cover Pool, please see "Overview of Estonian Regulation Regarding Covered 
Bonds" below. 
The structure of Issuer's Covered Bond transaction under ECBA is summarised on the following chart:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Composition of the Cover Pool 
The Issuer's Cover Pool includes mortgage loans secured by mortgages over properties located in Estonia, 
Latvia or Lithuania. The Issuer may change the proportion of assets from each of the above-mentioned 
countries in the Cover Pool over time. However, the Cover Pool must always conform with the eligibility 
and collateralisation requirements set out in the ECBA. 
The main eligibility criteria for assets that the Issuer shall include in the Cover Pool are (but are not limited 
to): 
• 
Private persons' mortgage loans; 
• 
Loan must be collateralised with mortgage on residential real estate; 
• 
Mortgage loan and collateral property need to be within the same country; 
• 
Mortgage inscription value needs to be at least 110 per cent. of the issued credit at the time of 
issuance of loan; 
• 
The currency of the mortgage loans is EUR; 
Estonian Financial 
Supervisory 
Authority 
Rating Agency 
Cover Pool 
Monitor 
Borrowers 
Covered Bond 
Issuer / Luminor 
Covered Bond 
Investor 
Reporting 
Supervision 
External Audits 
of Cover Pool 
Payment of Interest 
and Principal 
Covered Bonds 
Payment of Interest 
and Principal 
Grant of 
Mortgage Loans
Rating 
Reporting

--- Page 165 ---
- 156 - 
• 
The eligible portion of a mortgage loan's outstanding balance in the Cover Pool is capped at 70 per 
cent. LTV but the full amount is allocated to the Cover Pool. In addition, the Issuer aims to reduce 
the inclusion of loans with high LTVs to the Cover Pool (initially the threshold is set at 100 per 
cent. LTV, but this may be changed in the future); 
• 
Borrower is not overdue at the time of including the loan to Cover Pool; 
• 
Collateral property needs to have a valid valuation where indexation is performed at least annually; 
and 
• 
Issuer has 1st rank mortgage on property. 
Based on ECBA amendments in force from 10 December 2021, the Issuer may choose to retain overdue 
loans in the Cover Pool if loans become overdue while forming part of the Cover Pool, however there are 
certain haircuts to eligible loans part depending on loans overdue days and LTV levels based on regulation. 
The total residential mortgage portfolio increased during 2023 to EUR 5,164 million compared to EUR 
5,109 million as of year-end 2022 and Weighted Average LTV remained stable at 48 per cent. (53 per cent. 
in 2022). 
The table below shows the Issuer's total residential mortgage portfolio gross amounts (EUR million), 
including country level splits and Weighted Average Loan To Values (WA LTV) as of 31 December 2023 
and 31 December 2022, respectively. 
  
Estonia 
Latvia 
Lithuania 
Baltics 
  
  
  
  
  
31 December 2022 
  
  
  
  
Mortgage lending portfolio (EUR million) 
1,112 
1,379 
2,618 
5,109 
Weighted Average Loan To Value (per cent) 
48% 
61% 
52% 
53% 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2023 
  
  
  
  
Mortgage lending portfolio (EUR million) 
1,110 
1,332 
2,723 
5,164 
Weighted Average Loan To Value (per cent) 
43% 
57% 
46% 
48% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer calculates LTV by dividing the loan amount by the collateral value allocated to the particular 
loan. The WA LTV is calculated by weighting each loan LTV by the respective loan amount, and then 
dividing the sum of the total loan amount. The WA LTV is a standard measure of the quality of a Cover 
Pool of mortgages. 
Collateral values  include indexed valuations. Indexation is performed at least annually. If the same 
collateral covers more than one loan, then only part of the collateral value is used to calculate LTV for 
particular loan. 
Based on current internal rules for Cover Pool LTV calculations, the mortgage loans with LTV equal to or 
higher than 100 per cent. are included in the Cover Pool with full amount, but only the loan portion up to 
70 per cent. is used for the overcollateralisation calculation.  In addition, the Cover Pool LTV ratio is 
calculated by considering only the residential real estate collateralising the loan (i.e. only collateral which 
is relevant and eligible for the purpose of the Covered Pool). Where a loan is collateralised by additional 
collateral such as a guarantee from local’s governmental institutions like Kredex or Altum, such collateral 
value is not taken into account in the calculation of the LTV ratio. In effect, if all collateral available to the 
Issuer were taken into account, the LTV ratios would be somewhat lower. Details about Cover Pool 
characteristics are available on the Issuer's website at https://www.luminor.ee/en/investors. 
The Issuer may grant grace periods to its customers, including for principal payments of mortgage loans. 
Residential mortgage loans for which a grace period has been granted would be considered eligible for the 
Cover Pool, provided that they are not overdue (based on the amended repayment schedule granted to the 
customer) and comply with all other eligibility criteria.

--- Page 166 ---
- 157 - 
Risk Management of the Cover Pool 
The Issuer is obliged to, at least once every three months, perform stress tests on the Covered Bond Portfolio 
to assess the risks and measure whether the value of the Cover Pool, as calculated during the stress test, 
meets the requirements of the ECBA. 
On 27 January 2023, the Ministry of Finance adopted the regulation of the procedure, methodology and 
purpose of Covered Bond Portfolio stress testing and covering the collateral shortfall as a results of stress 
testing. This regulation was established based on ECBA subsection 22(3) and the authorised issuers were 
obliged to update their activities as set out in the regulation by 30 June 2023 and present reports to EFSA. 
The regulation stipulates more specifically the requirements for the Issuer's stress test and annual sensitivity 
analysis procedures,, measuring the potential impact of the Covered Bond Portfolio, its collateral and risk 
factor affecting the Issuer and the potential impact of multi-risk factors on the Covered Bond Portfolio and 
on the issuer as a whole, i.e. the sensitivity of the Covered Bond Portfolio and the issuer to risk factors. 
Based on the regulation update, the Issuer is using the stress test scenarios based on the EBA's worst-case 
stress test scenario and considering the specificities of  its risk profile (i.e. considering the proportionality 
and business model). If some of the scenarios described in regulation are not relevant for Issuer's Cover 
Pool risks, then such reasoning  is provided in writing to EFSA.  
Based on ECBA § 22(3) and the underlying regulation, the Issuer must assess the collateral shortfall based 
on the largest collateral shortfall identified during the stress tests. If, because of such assessment, the value 
of the collateral does not meet the requirements set out in ECBA §18 (1), (2) and (21), the Issuer must 
increase the assets entered into the cover pool or replace them in a way that rectifies the shortfall. The main 
stress test scenarios shall cover the following risks; 
• 
Interest rate risk scenarios 
• 
Real estate price shocks (fire sale conditions) 
• 
Credit risks which take into account the concentration risk, prepayments, defaults and deterioration 
of the credit of the cover assets 
• 
Early repayment risk and other risks specific for Cover Pool 
• 
At least one stress test to combine some of the above scenarios, this also needs to  consider both 
including the overdue loans and LTV 70 per cent. criteria and excluding these. 
The Issuer must also submit the results of the sensitivity analysis to the EFSA within three months of the 
end of the Issuer's financial year. Based on ECBA § 22(3) and the underlying regulation, the Issuer must 
also assess the collateral shortfall based on annual sensitivity analysis. If, as a results of such an assessment, 
the value of the collateral does not meet the requirements set out in ECBA § 18(1), (2) and (21), the Issuer 
must ensure the existence of additional cover assets in the amount of the shortfall, which can be immediately 
entered in the cover pool if necessary. This means that to cover the shortfall found in the sensitivity analysis, 
the Issuer must demonstrate existence of such cover assets, but does not have to enter them into the cover 
pool yet. 
The Issuer's management regularly assesses the plans and results of the stress tests of the Covered Bond 
Portfolio. The results of stress testing are always considered when the Issuer defines and adapts its business 
plans and market strategies. 
Reporting 
The Issuer has an obligation under the ECBA to publish certain information in relation to the Cover Pool 
every quarter. The Issuer has also implemented the common Harmonized Transparency Template of the 
European Covered Bond Council and relevant information relating to the Cover Pool and its characteristics 
are provided on a quarterly basis on the Issuer's website at https://www.luminor.ee/en/investors. 
The contents of the Issuer's website do not form part of this Base Prospectus and investors should not rely 
on this website.

--- Page 167 ---
- 158 - 
The Cover Pool of the Issuer does not contain asset-backed securities that do not comply with paragraph 1 
of Article 80 of the Guideline (EU) 2015/510 of the European Central Bank of 19 December 2014 on the 
implementation of the Eurosystem monetary policy framework (ECB/2014/60) (recast). These asset-backed 
securities have not been included currently in the Issuer's Cover Pool and the Issuer does not intend to 
include such asset-backed securities in its Cover Pool in the future.

--- Page 168 ---
- 159 - 
OVERVIEW OF ESTONIAN REGULATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS 
The ECBA was first adopted on 13 February 2019 and came into effect on 1 March 2019. On 17 November 
2021, various amendments introduced into the ECBA were adopted which came into effect on 10 December 
2021. The main purpose of the said amendments was to implement the requirements set out by the Covered 
Bond Directive into Estonian law. 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of the ECBA as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Estonian 
legislative and regulatory framework for covered bonds. Please also refer to the "Risk Factors - Risks 
related to the Covered Bonds". This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date, including the changes 
envisaged by the draft law described in further detail under "Risk Factors - Risks related to the Covered 
Bonds - Covered Bond Legislation Untested and Subject to Modification". 
General 
The ECBA provides the regulatory regime for the issuing of covered bonds under the laws of Estonia, 
implementing the Covered Bond Directive. The ECBA, as amended, regulates the grant of additional 
authorisations to credit institutions for issue of covered bonds, the terms and conditions of issue and 
coverage of covered bonds, the assignment of claims of credit institutions for the purpose of including 
assigned claims in the cover pool of covered bonds, the separation of a covered bond portfolio from the 
other assets of a credit institution, and state supervision over, and responsibility for, covered bonds. 
Under the ECBA, issuers are allowed to issue two types of covered bonds – mortgage-covered bonds and 
mixed pool-covered bonds. The Covered Bonds that the Issuer may issue under this Base Prospectus would 
be mortgage-covered bonds and the Issuer does not plan to issue mixed pool-covered bonds. Therefore, the 
summary below does not describe the requirements of the ECBA in relation to mixed pool-covered bonds. 
The ECBA is based on the "on-balance sheet" model of covered bonds, meaning that the covered bond 
portfolio (including the cover pool, consisting of the cover assets and possibly certain derivative 
instruments, as described in more detail below) remains under the ownership of the issuer and on its balance 
sheet, until the satisfaction of all of the claims under the covered bonds (including in case of a default of 
the issuer). In the event that the issuer is declared bankrupt or upon occurrence of certain other events 
(which have been listed under "Separation of the covered bond portfolio" below), the covered bond 
portfolio will be separated from the issuer. The separated covered bond portfolio will remain under the 
ownership of the issuer (except where the covered bond portfolio is sold for the satisfaction of the claims 
arising from the covered bonds) and will form an independent pool of designated assets by operation of the 
ECBA. Following the separation of the covered bond portfolio, the cover pool and the proceeds received 
from it may be used only to satisfy the claims of the holders of the respective type of covered bonds and of 
the counterparties to the derivative instrument entered in the corresponding cover register and to cover the 
expenses related to the management of the covered bond portfolio. The separated cover pool will not be 
part of the issuer's bankruptcy estate and a moratorium shall not extend to the covered bond portfolio. The 
separation of the covered bond portfolio will not release the issuer from its obligations under the covered 
bonds and the owners of the covered bonds will, following such separation have dual recourse in relation 
to the claims arising from the covered bonds, against the issuer and against the separated cover pool. 
Under the ECBA, an issuer may opt to establish a cover bond programme. A covered bond programme 
allows an issue or a series of issues of covered bonds the structural features and terms and conditions of 
which are the same or substantially similar and which are determined by legislation and relevant contractual 
terms and conditions, in accordance with the decision to approve the covered bond programme given to the 
issuer, subject to the requirements provided for in the ECBA. 
State supervision 
Supervision over the issuance of covered bonds under the ECBA is two-fold and consists of state 
supervision by the EFSA and supervision by an independent cover pool monitor, which is appointed by the 
issuer. 
The EFSA's role in relation to the ECBA consists of supervision over the activities of issuers of covered 
bonds and cover pool administrators. Such supervision includes the issuing of additional authorisations to

--- Page 169 ---
- 160 - 
credit institutions for the issuing of covered bonds (which is a prerequisite for a credit institution to issue 
covered bonds under the ECBA) and the revocation of such authorisations, applying to court for the 
appointment of a new cover pool monitor, deciding the separation of the covered bond portfolio from the 
issuer, applying to court for the appointment of a cover pool administrator and for the release of a cover 
pool administrator from its office, approving and refusing transfers of covered bond portfolios in their 
entirety, filing bankruptcy petitions in respect of separated covered bond portfolios and appointing members 
to the bankruptcy committee for covered bond portfolios. 
For the purpose of performing its supervision activities, the EFSA has the right to request reports, 
information, documents and oral or written explanations concerning facts relevant to the exercise of 
supervision. Furthermore, the EFSA has the right to require, for the purpose of performing supervision 
activities, issuers, cover pool monitors and cover pool administrators to submit all information and 
documents necessary for verification of the compliance of covered bond portfolios with requirements. In 
addition to the above and the rights the EFSA has for carrying out supervision under other laws of Estonia, 
the EFSA has the right to issue precepts to issuers requiring: 
(i) 
the inclusion of cover assets in a cover register; 
(ii) 
the entry of cover assets meeting the conditions provided for in the ECBA in the liquidity 
buffer sub-register; 
(iii) 
the removal of non-compliant cover assets or derivative instruments from the cover 
register; 
(iv) 
the correction of incorrect entries in the cover register; 
(v) 
the reappraisal of a property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit or a 
commercial mortgage-backed credit in accordance with the methodology specified by the 
EFSA; 
(vi) 
the conduct of a stress test of covered bond portfolio in accordance with the methodology 
specified by the EFSA; 
(vii) 
the replacement of a cover pool monitor; 
(viii) 
the provision of information to the cover pool monitor and allowing it to access documents 
and information systems; 
(ix) 
the calculation of the present value of the covered bonds or the cover assets in accordance 
with the methodology specified by the EFSA; and 
(x) 
bringing the internal rules into compliance with law. 
In the event of failure to comply with an administrative act issued in accordance with this ECBA, the EFSA 
has the right to impose penalty payments until the failure to comply is cured. Furthermore, in case of certain 
breaches of the requirements of the ECBA, the EFSA has the right to impose fines in the amount of up to 
EUR1,200 in case of a breach by a natural person and fines in the amount of up to EUR400,000 in case of 
breach by a legal person. 
In addition to the above, in case of certain breaches of the ECBA or a failure by the issuer to duly and 
timely fulfil a precept issued by the EFSA, the EFSA may revoke the issuer's additional authorisation for 
the issuing of covered bonds, which would also result in the separation of the covered bond portfolio. 
Cover pool monitor 
For the performance of the duties provided for in the ECBA, the issuer must appoint an independent cover 
pool monitor. The cover pool monitor must be an auditing company which ensures that the tasks of the 
cover pool monitor are only fulfilled by a sworn auditor with who is trustworthy and has impeccable 
business reputation, adequate knowledge and experience. The cover pool monitor may not be an auditing 
company who audits or has audited the annual reports of the issuer within the year preceding its appointment 
as the cover pool monitor.

--- Page 170 ---
- 161 - 
Pursuant to the ECBA, the statutory duties of a monitor are to verify: 
(i) 
the compliance of stress testing of a covered bond portfolio and the changes introduced to 
the covered bond portfolio as a result of stress testing to requirements; 
(ii) 
the existence of a sufficient cover pool and its compliance with requirements; 
(iii) 
the compliance of the maintenance of the cover register with requirements; 
(iv) 
the compliance of the appraisal of immovable properties encumbered with a mortgage 
securing credit and included in the cover pool with requirements; 
(v) 
the compliance of the issuer's risk management and reporting with requirements; 
(vi) 
the compliance of the terms and conditions of covered bonds with requirements; and 
(vii) 
the existence of an updated plan for separation of the covered bond portfolio and its 
compliance with the ECBA. 
The monitor has the right to determine the scope and duration of the verification on each occasion. The 
monitor may carry out an on-the-spot verification at the place of establishment or place of business of the 
issuer, notifying the issuer at least two business days in advance. The issuer must allow the monitor to 
examine documents and information systems and shall provide the monitor with the information to the 
extent necessary for the performance of the monitor's duties. 
The monitor must inform the issuer of any deficiencies found during verification in a format that can be 
reproduced in writing and shall set a reasonable deadline for elimination of the deficiencies. The monitor 
must notify the EFSA of the deficiencies that are not fully eliminated by the deadline set. The monitor must 
further notify the EFSA, promptly and in a format that can be reproduced in writing, of any circumstances 
or decisions that have come to the knowledge to the monitor and that result or may result in: 
• 
a material breach of the legislation regulating the activities of the issuer; 
• 
a material breach of the conditions under which the additional authorisation was granted; or 
• 
a situation, or the risk of a situation arising, in which the issuer is unable to perform its liabilities 
arising from covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register. 
The monitor must draw up a summary of verification activities that gives an overview of performance of 
its duties, the deficiencies found and the measures taken to eliminate them. The period covered by the 
summary of verification activities must correspond to the issuer's financial year. The summary of 
verification activities is to be submitted to the issuer and the EFSA within three months after the end of the 
issuer's financial year. 
The appointment of the cover pool monitor is decided by issuer's general meeting. A monitor shall be 
appointed for a term of at least one year. The term of office of a monitor shall terminate: 
• 
when a cover pool administrator is appointed; 
• 
when the covered bond portfolio is declared bankrupt; 
• 
when the monitor is removed by the general meeting; 
• 
when the monitor resigns of his or her own accord; or 
• 
when the monitor's term of appointment ends. 
In the event of the voluntary resignation of the monitor, the monitor must notify the issuer and the EFSA 
thereof at least 30 days in advance. In the event of removal of the monitor by the general meeting, the issuer 
must notify the EFSA about the planned removal 10 days before the relevant resolution is adopted, unless 
prior notification is not possible for good reason.

--- Page 171 ---
- 162 - 
A court shall, in the proceedings initiated on the basis of a petition of the EFSA, appoint a new monitor if: 
• 
the general meeting of the issuer has not appointed a new monitor or there is reason to believe that 
a new monitor cannot be appointed before the termination of the term of office of the current 
monitor; or 
• 
the current monitor does not meet the requirements established by law or there are deficiencies in 
the performance of his or her duties. 
The term of office of a monitor appointed by a court shall continue until the general meeting appoints a 
new monitor. 
The Issuer has appointed a cover pool monitor in respect of this Programme and entered into a cover pool 
monitor agreement with such cover pool monitor prior to the first issuance of Covered Bonds in compliance 
with the requirements of the ECBA. 
Authorisation 
The ECBA provides that to issue covered bonds, an issuer needs to have a credit institution's authorisation 
(issued in accordance with the Estonian Credit Institutions Act) and an additional authorisation to issue 
covered bonds (issued in accordance with the ECBA). 
The Issuer was granted the additional authorisation to issue covered bonds under the ECBA on 19 
December 2019 by the ECB. 
The additional authorisation is issued for an unspecified term and shall expire: 
• 
in the event of expiry of the main credit institution's authorisation – when the main authorisation 
expires; 
• 
in the event of voluntary discontinuation of the issuance of covered bonds – when the authorisation 
for the voluntary discontinuation is received from the EFSA; or 
• 
in the event of revocation of the additional authorisation – when the additional authorisation is 
revoked. 
In order to apply for the additional authorisation, under the ECBA, members of the management board of 
the issuer must submit to the EFSA a written application together with certain supplementary documents 
as stipulated in the ECBA (including, among others, additions to the business plan which the issuer has 
prepared in accordance with the Estonian Credit Institutions Act for the purposes of obtaining the main 
credit institution's authorisation, analysis of the risks associated with the issue of covered bonds and the 
management of a covered bond portfolio, and a plan for separation of the covered bond portfolio specified 
in § 9(2) of the ECBA). 
In order to obtain approval for a covered bond programme, under the ECBA, members of the management 
board of the issuer must submit to the EFSA a written application and supplementary documents as referred 
to above, subject to the specifications provided for in the ECBA. A decision to approve a covered bond 
programme shall be made by the EFSA along with the decision to grant an additional authorisation. 
If it follows from the risk analysis referred to above or from other circumstances that in order to issue 
covered bonds, in addition to the amendments provided for in the ECBA, additional amendments must be 
made in the organisational structure of the credit institution or in the internal rules thereof and in other 
documents regulating the activities of the credit institution, the applicant must submit information on such 
amendments with the application. 
The EFSA shall make a decision to grant or refuse to grant the additional authorisation within three months 
after receipt of all the necessary documents and information that meet requirements, but not later than 
within six months after receipt of the application for the additional authorisation. The EFSA shall refuse to 
grant the additional authorisation to the applicant if the applicant does not have the capacity to ensure the 
existence of sufficient internal capital for the purposes of the of the Credit Institutions Act to cover all risks 
arising from the activities described in the additions to the business plan that are not subject to the 
requirements for self-funding, the applicant does not meet the requirements for issuers provided for in

--- Page 172 ---
- 163 - 
ECBA or legislation issued on the basis thereof, the applicant does not have the necessary resources and 
experience for issuance of covered bonds and administration of a covered bond portfolio, as well as on 
other grounds stipulated in the ECBA. Upon deciding whether to grant or refuse to grant the additional 
authorisation, the EFSA shall consider, among other things, the level of the organisational and technical 
administration of the applicant's activities and the professional preparation and experience of persons 
involved in the management of the covered bond portfolio, and the clarity of their rights, obligations and 
responsibilities. 
The ECBA also includes a list of circumstances that serve as grounds for revocation of the additional 
authorisation, Such circumstances include, inter alia, where it has become evident that, when applying for 
the additional authorisation, the applicant has submitted misleading or false information or documents to 
the EFSA, the issuer has repeatedly or materially breached the provisions of the ECBA, the issuer has, by 
its activities, prevented the EFSA from exercising supervision under the ECBA, or the issuer has not issued 
any new covered bonds within five years after the receipt of the additional authorisation or after the 
redemption of all previously issued covered bonds. 
Cover register 
Under the ECBA, the issuer is obliged to maintain a cover register, that contains information on the cover 
assets securing the covered bonds. The cover assets entered in the cover register for the same type of 
covered bonds constitute a cover pool. One and the same type of covered bonds, their cover pool, and the 
derivative instruments entered in the cover register constitute a covered bond portfolio. The cover register 
consists of the main register and sub-registers. In addition to the cases provided by the ECBA, a sub-register 
must be created in order to ensure that the cover pool and derivative instruments related to a specific covered 
bond portfolio will be properly recorded. When creating sub-registers, the issuer must take into account the 
size of the covered bond portfolio, the complexity of its structure and other relevant indicators. 
Under the ECBA, information published about the entry of a claim securing covered bonds in the cover 
register shall include at least: 
• 
the name and registry code of the issuer of the covered bonds; 
• 
information that enables the identification of the claim entered in the cover register as a cover asset 
of the covered bonds without publishing the data of single debtors and the third parties concerned; 
and 
• 
information about how the entry of the claim in the cover register as a cover asset of the covered 
bonds affects the rights and obligations of the debtors and the third parties concerned. 
The entry of a claim serving as coverage for covered bonds in the cover register or its deletion from the 
cover register does not require the consent of the debtor or the third party concerned and the issuer generally 
does not have an obligation to inform the debtor or the third party concerned of the entry of the claim in the 
cover register. However, under the ECBA, the issuer shall incur an obligation to notify the debtor of entry 
of a claim in the cover register if the issuer estimates that it is objectively likely that the separation of a 
covered bond portfolio will take place. In this case, the issuer notifies the debtor of entry of the claim in the 
cover register before the separation of the covered bond portfolio. If it is mandatory to notify the debtor of 
entry of a claim securing covered bonds in the cover register, the issuer shall publish the information on its 
website and also in the Estonian Official Gazette (in Estonian: Ametlikud Teadaanded) or in at least one 
daily national newspaper. Additionally, such information must be published, in addition to Estonia, in other 
EEA countries where the immovable property securing a mortgage credit is located or where the debtor of 
the claim is registered. The debtor of a claim and the counterparty to a derivative instrument entered in the 
cover register may at any time, and an interested party may in a justified case, request information as to 
whether the claim or derivative instrument that is related thereto has been entered in the cover register. The 
obligation to provide the information lies with the issuer, the cover pool administrator and the bankruptcy 
trustee for the covered bond portfolio. 
Eligible cover pool assets 
Under the ECBA, cover assets consist of primary cover assets and substitute cover assets (the "Eligible 
Assets"). Primary cover assets must constitute at least 85 per cent. of the principal cover pool of a covered

--- Page 173 ---
- 164 - 
bond portfolio. Regarding the requirements of the ECBA for substitute cover assets, please see "Substitute 
cover assets" below. 
In accordance with the ECBA, primary cover assets of mortgage-covered bonds may only consist of the 
issuer's claims that arise from a credit issued to a natural person against a mortgage established on a 
residential property located in the territory of a Contracting State of the EEA Agreement which comply 
with the conditions provided for in the ECBA. 
For the purposes of the ECBA, a residential property is property referred to in Article 4 (1) (75) of 
Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council. 
Claims arising from a mortgage-backed credit issued to a natural person against a residential property 
located in the territory of a Contracting State of the EEA Agreement other than Estonia may be used as 
coverage for mortgage-covered bonds only if the mortgage securing the mortgage-backed credit or other 
right of security provide the creditor with protection that is equivalent to the protection provided by a 
mortgage established under Estonian legislation. It is assumed that cover assets meeting the conditions laid 
down in Article 208 (2) of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
provide the creditor with protection that is equivalent to the protection provided by a mortgage established 
under Estonian legislation. 
The following may not be entered into the cover register: 
• 
a mortgage-backed credit which is in default at the time that the credit is entered in the cover 
register. 
• 
a mortgage-backed credit in the case of which the issuer's claim arising from the credit or the 
mortgage securing the claim is encumbered, or in the case of which the issuer's claim arising from 
the credit, the mortgage securing the claim or the property on which the mortgage has been 
established is subject to a restraint on disposition. 
Pursuant to the ECBA (as amended), if the recipient of a mortgage credit defaults on its obligations after 
the credit has been entered in the cover register, the following portion of the credit that has fallen into 
default may be taken into account upon calculation of the value of the cover pool: 
• 
100 per cent. of the value of the credit entered in the cover register if the credit has been in default 
for less than 90 days; 
• 
70 per cent. of the value of the credit entered in the cover register if the credit has been in default 
for at least 90 days and the ratio of the credit to the value of the property securing the mortgage 
credit is less than 50 per cent; 
• 
40 per cent. of the value of the credit entered in the cover register if the credit has been in default 
for at least 90 days and the ratio of the credit to the value of the property securing the mortgage 
credit is more than 50 per cent; or 
• 
0 per cent. of the value of the credit entered in the cover register if the credit has been in delay for 
at least 180 days. 
The valuation of the property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover register 
which is located in Estonia must be done by a valuator meeting the requirements provided for in the 
Estonian Creditors and Credit Intermediaries Act in compliance with the requirements provided for in the 
Estonian Creditors and Credit Intermediaries Act. The valuation of the property standing as security for a 
mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover register which is located in the territory of a Contracting State 
of the EEA Agreement other than Estonia must be done by a valuator who holds a relevant professional 
qualification in the relevant Contracting State of the EEA Agreement, in accordance with the legislation, 
relevant standards and good practices in force in the relevant Contracting State of the EEA Agreement and 
the following conditions are met: 
• 
the methodology and rules of procedure applied ensured an objective and impartial valuation; and 
• 
the valuation or the result thereof was documented in a format that can be reproduced in writing 
and in such a way as to enable the identification of, inter alia, the identity of the valuator or the

--- Page 174 ---
- 165 - 
issuer's structural unit conducting the valuation, the methodology and rules of procedure applied 
in the valuation, and the source data used for making the valuation. 
Where the mortgage established on an immovable property secures claims arising from different credit 
agreements, the claims arising from these credits may serve as coverage for mortgage-covered bonds only 
if the credit has been issued to one and the same person under the credit agreements and all the credits have 
been issued in the same currency. In this case, when calculating the ratio of credit to value of the property 
securing the mortgage-backed credit, the claims arising from all credit agreements shall be deemed to be 
claims arising from one credit agreement and the claims shall be added together. 
The claims of the issuer arising from a mortgage-backed credit may be used as coverage for mortgage-
covered bonds in an amount of up to 70 per cent. of the value of the property securing the mortgage-backed 
credit. Nevertheless, all the issuer's claims arising from the mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover 
register are included in the cover pool. 
To include a claim of the issuer arising from a mortgage-backed credit as coverage for mortgage-covered 
bonds, the mortgage securing the claim must account to (i.e. the sum of the mortgage must be) at least 110 
per cent. of the issued credit. The sum of mortgage may exceed the value of the property securing the credit. 
Under the ECBA, a property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit and entered in the cover 
register must, until the recipient of the credit has met all the obligations owed to the issuer, be insured under 
the terms and conditions normally used to insure similar properties in the Contracting State of the EEA 
Agreement in such a way as to ensure that all relevant risks are insured. As an exception, an undeveloped 
residential property does not need to be insured. If the property is a residential building, apartment building 
or apartment under construction, the insurance obligation arises at the moment when the building being 
constructed becomes a construction with an interior space that is separated from the external environment 
by a roof and other parts of the building envelope. In the absence of an insurance agreement meeting the 
conditions described above, the issuer must remove the claims arising from the mortgage-backed credit 
from the cover register unless an insurance agreement meeting the described requirements is entered within 
30 business days from the moment the issuer became aware of the absence of the insurance agreement. A 
mortgage-backed credit may be included in the cover register only if the market value of the property 
standing as security for the credit has been appraised by an appraiser meeting the requirements provided 
for in section the Creditors and Credit Intermediaries Act, in accordance with the requirements laid down 
and the regulation adopted under the said act. 
The value of a property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover register must 
be reviewed at least once a year and reappraised, if necessary. Furthermore, under the ECBA, the value of 
a property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover register shall be 
additionally reviewed and reappraised, if necessary: 
(i) 
in the event of a significant change in market conditions; 
(ii) 
if the information available to the issuer indicates that a significant decline has occurred 
or is occurring in the national or local real estate market, including if it concerns only one 
specific property type, residential building type or other narrower category of properties; 
(iii) 
in the event that more frequent review of the value of a property standing as security for a 
mortgage credit entered in the cover register has been prescribed in the terms and 
conditions of covered bonds; 
(iv) 
in the event that this is demanded by the EFSA; or 
(v) 
in the event that this is demanded by the cover pool monitor or the cover pool administrator 
and there is reasonable doubt that the issuer has not performed its obligation to ensure that 
the value of a property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit entered in the 
cover register is reviewed at least once a year and reappraised, if necessary or the issuer 
has not performed its obligations in subsections (i)-(iii) above. 
In the cases listed in subsections (i) and (ii) above, the value of a property standing as security for a 
mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover register may be reappraised by indexed appraisal. When 
entering a mortgage-backed credit in the cover register, the value of a property standing as security is 
determined on the basis of the latest appraisal or reappraisal, which may not be older than 12 months.

--- Page 175 ---
- 166 - 
Under the ECBA, the issuer is obliged to perform a stress test on a covered bond at least once every three 
months, to assess the risks identified in the methodology for stress tests of the covered bond portfolio in the 
Issuer's relevant internal rules. Ensuring the performance of stress tests shall be the responsibility of the 
managers of the Issuer. The minister responsible for the area may, by a regulation, establish more detailed 
requirements for the procedure methodology and purpose of stress testing of covered bond portfolios and 
for covering the deficiency found during the stress test. However, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
such a regulation has not yet been adopted by the minister responsible for the area. 
If the value of the Cover Pool, as calculated during the stress test, no longer meets the requirements provided 
for in the ECBA, the issuer shall be obliged to increase the cover assets to be entered in the cover register 
by the maximum deficiency determined as a result of the stress test. 
Requirements relating to liquidity 
In order to ensure the liquidity of the covered bond portfolio where there is a separation of the covered bond 
portfolio from the issuer, the issuer must maintain a liquidity buffer. The liquidity buffer is a part of the 
cover pool and is considered in the calculation of the principal cover pool and the mandatory 
complementary cover pool. The liquidity buffer must be entered in a separate sub-register of the cover 
register. 
Under the ECBA, the liquidity buffer may comprise only the following cover assets: 
• 
level 1 and level 2A assets specified in Articles 10 and 11 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) No. 2015/61 supplementing Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council with regard to liquidity coverage requirement for credit institutions, except the 
issuer's own covered bonds; or 
• 
short-term exposures and short-term deposits meeting the characteristics specified in Article 
129(1)(c) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
provided that they do not constitute more than 15 per cent. of the sum of the main collateral and 
the mandatory overcollateral; or 
• 
short-term exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2, or short-term 
deposits to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 2 or 3, in accordance with the 
provisions of point (c) of Article 129(1) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013. 
A cover asset included in the liquidity buffer must meet the following conditions: 
• 
it shall not be in default or, in the estimation of the credit institution, doubtful; 
• 
in the case of a deposit, it shall be ensured that the funds deposited will be fully available without 
delay upon the separation of the covered bond portfolio; and 
• 
securities shall be kept in a separate securities account of the issuer or in a manner allowing the 
securities included in the liquidity buffer to be kept unblocked in case of bankruptcy of the issuer. 
To calculate the minimum level of the liquidity buffer, the difference between the payments to be made in 
order to meet all the liabilities arising from the covered bonds and derivative instruments entered in the 
cover register, on the one hand, and the cash flow to be received from the cover pool, on the other hand, 
shall be calculated on a daily basis for each of the following 180 days (hereinafter referred to as the daily 
difference). Thereafter the sum of the accumulated daily differences shall be calculated for each of the 
following 180 days, and the highest negative result shall be covered at all times by cover assets eligible to 
be included in the liquidity buffer. Amounts received on the basis of derivative contracts shall not be taken 
into account upon calculating the daily difference if the amounts arise from the financial assets pledged by 
the counterparty of the derivative contract for the benefit of the issuer of covered bonds. 
If the Issuer has, in compliance with the ECBA, established a suspensive condition in the terms and 
conditions of covered bonds, the fulfilment of which will extend the maturity of the payment obligation 
arising from a covered bond, the maturity to be observed upon the fulfilment of the suspensive condition 
may be used as the basis for the purpose of the calculation of the minimum level of the liquidity buffer for 
that payment obligation.

--- Page 176 ---
- 167 - 
Notwithstanding the above, the liquidity buffer shall account for at least two per cent. of the nominal value 
of the Cover Pool. 
Substitute cover assets 
In addition to the primary cover assets, under the ECBA, the following cover assets may be included in a 
cover pool as substitute cover assets: 
(i) 
claims on, or guaranteed by, central banks within the European System of Central Banks, 
or central governments, public sector entities, regional governments or local authorities of 
the Member States of the European Union; 
(ii) 
claims on or guaranteed by third-country central governments and central banks, 
multilateral development banks and international organisations that qualify for credit 
quality step 1 in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council; 
(iii) 
claims on, or guaranteed by, public sector entities of third countries, regional governments 
of third countries or local authorities of third countries, for which a risk weight has been 
assigned the same way as for claims on credit institutions and investment firms or central 
governments and central banks in accordance with Article 115 (1) or (2) and Article 116 
(1), (2) or (4) of Regulation (EC) No. 575/2013 (EU) of the European Parliament and of 
the Council and which qualify for the credit quality step 1 according to the risk weight so 
assigned; 
(iv) 
claims specified in items (ii) and (iii) above, which qualify for at least the credit quality 
step 2 in accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council, provided that such claims do not exceed 20 per cent. of the nominal value 
of the outstanding covered bonds in the covered bond portfolio that they cover; 
(v) 
claims on credit institutions and investment firms, which qualify for the credit quality step 
1 in accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council, provided that such claims do not exceed 15 per cent. of the nominal value of 
the outstanding covered bonds in the covered bond portfolio that they cover; 
(vi) 
claims on credit institutions and investment firms, which qualify for credit quality step 2 
in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council, provided that they do not exceed ten per cent. of the nominal value of the 
outstanding covered bonds in the covered bond portfolio that they cover; 
(vii) 
claims on credit institutions and investment firms in the European Union with a term to 
maturity not exceeding 100 days, which qualify as a minimum for credit quality step 3 in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council, provided that they do not exceed eight per cent. of the nominal value of the 
outstanding covered bonds in the covered bond portfolio that they cover and provided that 
the requirements provided for in subsection (iii) above are observed; 
(viii) 
the surplus of net claims arising from the derivative instruments included in a covered 
bond portfolio that meet the requirements provided for in the ECBA; or 
(ix) 
the surplus of net claims arising from the derivative instruments included in a covered 
bond portfolio which qualify as a minimum for credit quality step 3 in accordance with 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council, provided 
that they do not exceed eight per cent. of the nominal value of the outstanding covered 
bonds in the covered bond portfolio that they cover and provided that the requirements 
provided for in subsection (iii) above are observed.

--- Page 177 ---
- 168 - 
Derivatives 
In order to hedge risks arising from covered bonds, under the ECBA, an issuer has the right to use derivative 
instruments and to enter them in the cover register, provided that all of the following conditions are met: 
(i) 
the derivative instrument transaction has been made on the basis of a framework 
agreement that is usual for this sector, is sufficiently documented and only allows set-off 
for claims arising from derivative instruments entered in the cover register;; 
(ii) 
the counterparty to the transaction is a person who meets the eligibility requirements of 
the regulation established by a regulation of the minister responsible for the area; 
(iii) 
the terms and conditions of the framework agreement or transaction ensure that, in the 
event of the issuer's insolvency, if it does not lead to the insolvency of the covered bond 
portfolio related to the particular derivative instrument, the counterparty to the transaction 
is not entitled to prematurely terminate the transaction or framework agreement; 
(iv) 
the sole purpose of the transaction is to hedge the issuer's risks arising from the specific 
type of covered bonds; 
(v) 
the counterparty to the transaction has given consent to the inclusion of the derivative 
instrument in the cover register (whereas such consent is presumed if a framework 
agreement between the parties provides or if the issuer has otherwise informed the 
counterparty to the derivative instrument that the framework agreement is concluded for 
the purpose of hedging the risks arising from the specific covered bond portfolio); 
(vi) 
the derivative instrument transactions are not subject to the clearing obligation in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories; 
(vii) 
the cover pool of covered bonds is not used as a cover asset for securing obligations arising 
from a derivative instrument contract; and 
(viii) 
if the creditworthiness of the counterparty to a derivative instrument transaction has fallen 
to a significant extent, the counterparty to the transaction shall provide, pursuant to the 
derivative contract, an additional collateral or the issuer shall arrange replacement of the 
counterparty to the transaction. 
The issuer shall reduce the volume of derivative contracts in the cover pool in proportion to the reduction 
in the hedged risk and remove derivative contracts from the cover register in their entirety when the hedged 
risk ceases to exist 
In the event that the issuer has the right to require the counterparty to a derivative instrument to provide a 
security on the basis of a claim arising from the derivative instrument, the security shall be comprised of 
claims that qualify as substitute cover assets (please see "Substitute cover assets" above) and shall be 
entered in a separate sub-register of the cover register. 
In the event that the cash flow to be received by the issuer from a derivative instrument entered in the cover 
register exceeds the payments to be made to meet the liabilities arising from the derivative instrument and 
if an extraordinary termination of the transaction results in a positive cash flow for the issuer, the lower of 
the following amounts shall be treated as the net claim: 
• 
the positive cash flow resulting for the issuer from the extraordinary termination of the transaction; 
or 
• 
the cash flow to be received by the issuer from the derivative instrument, less the payments to be 
made to meet the liabilities arising from the derivative instrument. 
In event that the payments to be made to meet the issuer's liabilities arising from a derivative instrument 
entered in the cover register exceed the cash flow to be received from the derivative instrument or an

--- Page 178 ---
- 169 - 
extraordinary termination of the transaction results in a negative cash flow for the issuer, the lower of the 
following amounts shall be treated as the net liability: 
• 
the negative cash flow resulting for the issuer from the extraordinary termination of the transaction; 
or 
• 
the payments to be made to meet the liabilities arising from the derivative instrument, less the cash 
flow to be received by the issuer from the derivative instrument. 
The issuer shall subtract the net liabilities from the net claims arising from the derivative instruments 
included in a covered bond portfolio and, depending on the result, shall treat the negative result as the 
surplus of net liabilities and the positive result as the surplus of net claims. 
Separation of the covered bond portfolio 
The ECBA prescribes that upon the occurrence of the following events, the covered bond portfolio shall be 
considered separated from the issuer: 
• 
the issuer is declared bankrupt; 
• 
a moratorium is declared in respect of the issuer; 
• 
the additional authorisation or main authorisation of the issuer expires; 
• 
a court ruling providing for compulsory dissolution of the issuer takes effect; 
• 
the authorisation for voluntary dissolution of the credit institution or discontinuation of the issue 
of covered bonds is received from the EFSA; or 
• 
a decision of the EFSA for the separation of the covered bond portfolio takes effect. 
The EFSA may resolve the separation of a covered bond portfolio prior to the occurrence of an event 
specified above, if: 
• 
the issuer is breaching or is likely to materially breach the requirements of the EFSA or other 
legislation regarding the activities of a credit institution in the near future; or 
• 
the issuer is likely to become insolvent in the near future. 
After the separation of the covered bond portfolio, an independent pool of designated assets is formed, in 
which the cover pool and the proceeds received from it can be used only to satisfy the claims of the holders 
of the respective type of covered bonds and of the counterparties to the derivative instrument entered in the 
corresponding cover register and to cover the expenses related to the management of the covered bond 
portfolio. Upon the separation of the covered bond portfolio: 
• 
the right to manage the covered bond portfolios and the right to participate, instead of the issuer, 
in court proceedings concerning a covered bond portfolio shall transfer to the cover pool 
administrator; and 
• 
the issuer shall lose the right to undertake any transactions with the assets included in a covered 
bond portfolio. 
The separation of a covered bond portfolio does not affect the rights and obligations arising from covered 
bonds or from the derivative instruments and the cover pool entered in the cover register, and the payment 
obligations attached to covered bonds are not subject to automatic acceleration upon the separation of the 
covered bond portfolio, except as otherwise provided by the ECBA. The claims of the holders of covered 
bonds and of the counterparties to the derivative instruments entered in the cover register shall be satisfied 
at the expense of the cover pool and proceeds received from it, in accordance with the terms and conditions 
of the covered bonds and derivative instruments.

--- Page 179 ---
- 170 - 
Appointment of cover pool administrator 
In the event that: (i) the issuer is declared bankrupt; (ii) the covered bond portfolio is separated; (iii) the 
compulsory dissolution of an issuer is decided by a court; (iv) the EFSA revokes the issuer's credit 
institution's authorisation or the additional authorisation for issuing covered bonds; (v) the EFSA authorises 
the voluntary dissolution of the issuer as a credit institution or voluntary discontinuation of the issuance of 
covered bonds by the issuer; or (vi) the EFSA establishes a moratorium over the issuer, the court shall, on 
the proposal of the EFSA, appoint a cover pool administrator in respect of the covered bond portfolios in 
the ruling on bankruptcy, the ruling on the separation of the covered bond portfolio or the ruling on the 
compulsory dissolution. The court shall appoint a cover pool administrator without delay, but not later than 
within three days after receipt of the petition from the EFSA (other than where the issuer is declared 
bankrupt or the compulsory dissolution of an issuer is decided by a court, in which case the cover pool 
administrator is appointed immediately upon the making of the court ruling to declare the issuer bankrupt 
or decide on its compulsory dissolution. 
Where urgent transactions need to be made to manage the covered bond portfolio, until the cover pool 
administrator is appointed, the administrator's rights and obligations are carried out by the cover pool 
monitor (other than in case the issuer is declared bankrupt or the compulsory dissolution of an issuer is 
decided by a court, in which case the cover pool administrator is appointed immediately upon the making 
of the court ruling to declare the issuer bankrupt or decide on its compulsory dissolution). 
In the event of the appointment of a cover pool administrator, the right to manage and dispose of a covered 
bond portfolio shall transfer to such cover pool administrator. The cover pool administrator shall represent 
the issuer in the management and disposal of covered bond portfolios, including meeting the liabilities 
arising from covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register, in the 
acceptance of satisfaction of claims included in the cover pool, in the enforcement of mortgages and other 
rights of security, and in legal disputes. 
The cover pool administrator must manage covered bond portfolio with the necessary diligence, considering 
its nature, and in a manner ensuring that the liabilities arising from covered bonds and from the derivative 
instruments entered in the cover register are met in the best possible way. To this end, the cover pool 
administrator has the right to transfer and encumber the cover pool, enter into derivative instruments at the 
expense of the cover pool, and perform other necessary operations. The cover pool administrator has the 
right to use the cover pool and the proceeds received from it to cover the expenses necessary for the 
management of covered bond portfolios. 
Upon his or her appointment, the cover pool administrator shall promptly, but not later than within two 
weeks, ascertain whether the cover pool and proceeds received from it are sufficient to meet the issuer's 
liabilities arising from covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register and 
to pay the expenses of management of the covered bond portfolio. In the event that the covered bond 
portfolio appears to be insolvent, the cover pool administrator shall promptly notify the EFSA thereof. 
In order to perform his or her duties, the cover pool administrator may use the assistance of the issuer's 
employees and the issuer's tools, compensating the issuer for the expenses entailed by their use. The issuer 
shall deliver the contracts and other documents related to covered bonds and the cover pool to the cover 
pool administrator and shall provide the cover pool administrator with access to the information systems 
used for the management of covered bond portfolios. 
In the management of covered bond portfolios, the cover pool administrator must observe the mandatory 
requirements concerning the management of covered bond portfolios and the satisfaction of claims, as 
established for issuers by the Credit Institutions Act and the ECBA, including the requirements for banking 
secrecy and for processing of personal data imposed on credit institutions. 
Assignment and acquisition of claims for formation of cover pool 
Under the ECBA, a credit institution shall have the right to assign its claim against a debtor for the formation 
of the cover pool of covered bonds to a credit institution of an EEA country or to a special purpose entity 
located in an EEA country that has been established for the formation of the cover pool of covered bonds. 
The provisions of the Estonian Law of Obligations Act shall apply to the assignment of a claim, transfer of 
a collateral and an accessory obligation related to a collateral securing a claim with the specifications 
provided for in the ECBA.

--- Page 180 ---
- 171 - 
Assignment of a claim for the purpose of forming the cover pool of covered bonds shall not require the 
consent of the debtor. If the debtor performs their obligation to the credit institution that assigned the claim, 
the credit institution that assigned the claim shall ensure that the proceeds received as a result of the 
performance of the obligation are separated from the other assets of the credit institution that assigned the 
claim and immediately deliver the proceeds received as a result of the performance of the obligation to the 
new creditor. 
The assets delivered to the new creditor as described above shall not be part of the assets of the credit 
institution that assigned the claim in the bankruptcy proceedings, liquidation proceedings, enforcement 
proceedings or resolution proceedings of the credit institution that assigned the claim and a moratorium 
shall not extend to them. If the credit institution that assigned the claim has not delivered to the new creditor 
the proceeds received as a result of the performance of the obligation as described above before the 
declaration of bankruptcy or a moratorium, entry into force of a court ruling providing for compulsory 
dissolution, adoption of a decision on voluntary dissolution, introduction of resolution tools or 
commencement of enforcement proceedings in respect of the credit institution, such assets shall not be part 
of the assets of the credit institution that assigned the claim in its bankruptcy proceedings, liquidation 
proceedings, resolution proceedings or enforcement proceedings and a moratorium shall not extend to them. 
The credit institution that assigned the claim is required to notify the debtor of the assignment of the claim. 
The debtor may be notified of the assignment of a claim, publishing the information on the website of the 
credit institution that assigned the claim and on the website of the credit institution or the special purpose 
entity that acquired the claim or in at least one daily national newspaper. The debtor may be notified of the 
assignment of a claim before or after the assignment of the claim, but this must be done no later than before 
the declaration of bankruptcy or a moratorium, introduction of resolution tools, entry into force of a court 
ruling providing for compulsory dissolution or adoption of a decision on voluntary dissolution in respect 
of the credit institution that assigned the claim. 
Information published about the assignment of a claim for the purpose of forming the cover pool of covered 
bonds shall include: 
• 
the name and registry code of the person who acquired the claim; 
• 
the name of the credit institution that assigned the claim; 
• 
information that enables the identification of assigned claims without publishing the data of single 
debtors and the third parties concerned; and 
• 
information about how the assignment of the claim affects the rights and obligations of the debtors 
and the third parties concerned. 
The credit institution that assigned a claim must also simultaneously submit the information specified in 
above to the Financial Supervision Authority. The Financial Supervision Authority may publish the 
submitted information on its website. 
After the assignment of a claim to a new creditor, a debtor, who is a consumer, or a third party concerned 
shall have all the rights arising from the laws and regulations governing consumer protection in their home 
country, taking into account the specifications provided for in the ECBA. 
If a credit institution assigns a claim for the purpose of forming the cover pool, the right to exercise in 
respect of the claim the rights arising from a present or future enforcement instrument shall transfer to the 
acquirer of the claim: 
• 
as of the assignment of the claim assigned for the purpose of forming the cover pool if no entry 
must be made in a public register for the transfer of the collateral securing the claim assigned for 
the purpose of forming the cover pool; or 
• 
after an entry has been made in a public register if an entry must be made in a public register for 
the transfer of the collateral securing the claim assigned for the purpose of forming the cover pool. 
Additionally, a debtor or a third party concerned shall not set off their claims related to the cover pool, 
which have not fallen due before the events provided for in the ECBA, as of the time when the debtor or 
the third party concerned became or had to become aware of:

--- Page 181 ---
- 172 - 
• 
the entry of a claim serving as a cover asset of a covered bond in the cover register; or 
• 
the assignment of a claim to a new creditor for the purpose of forming the cover pool of covered 
bonds as described above if the claim assigned for the purpose of forming the cover pool of 
covered bonds has been included in the cover pool of covered bonds by the new creditor. 
Enforcement proceedings concerning cover pools 
A cover pool can be made subject to a claim for payment, seized or be made subject to a restraint on 
disposition only for the purpose of performance of the obligations that arise from covered bonds and from 
derivative instruments related to covered bonds. Under the ECBA, a claim assigned by a credit institution 
to a new creditor for the purpose of forming the cover pool can only be made subject to a claim for payment, 
seized or be made subject to a restraint on disposition if the claim has not been included in the cover pool 
of covered bonds by the new creditor. A claim for payment, seizure or restraint on disposition can be 
imposed only on the cover pool as a whole and only for the amount of the claim raised by a creditor of the 
covered bond portfolio. The issuer or the cover pool administrator shall keep accounts and records of claims 
for payment, seizures and restraints on disposition. 
The imposition of a claim for payment, seizure or other restraint on disposition on a cover asset or cover 
pool for reasons not related to covered bonds does not result in the revocation of the additional authorisation 
or the appointment of a cover pool administrator if the issuer meets all the other requirements arising from 
the ECBA and there are no other grounds for revoking the additional authorisation or for appointing a cover 
pool administrator. If, in the aforementioned case, the value of the cover pool would fall below the statutory 
level, the issuer shall immediately replace the cover asset that is subject to a claim for payment, seizure or 
restraint on disposition with another cover asset of the same value. 
Transfer of a covered bond portfolio in its entirety 
In the event that the covered bond portfolio is separated from the issuer, the cover pool administrator may, 
upon the permission of the EFSA, transfer the separated covered bond portfolio in its entirety to another 
Estonian credit institution that has obtained the additional authorisation to issue covered bonds or to a credit 
institution of a Contracting State of the EEA Agreement which is permitted to issue, in the country where 
it is established, covered bonds meeting the conditions provided for in Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council. Upon such transfer, all rights and obligations related to the covered 
bond portfolio being transferred, including responsibility for the obligations arising before the transfer of 
the rights and obligations, shall be transferred to the acquirer. The proceeds received from the transfer of 
the covered bond portfolio in its entirety shall be used to cover the expenses of management of the covered 
bond portfolio. The funds remaining after all expenses are covered shall be included by the cover pool 
administrator in the issuer's bankruptcy estate or other assets. If any payment is made in respect of the 
claims included in the cover pool to the issuer after the transfer of the covered bond portfolio, such payment 
is deemed to be made in favour of the covered bond portfolio and accordingly the issuer shall immediately 
transfer the relevant amount to the acquirer. 
In the event that a covered bond portfolio is transferred in its entirety, the transfer of the rights and 
obligations included in the covered bond portfolio shall not require the consent of the holders of covered 
bonds, other parties to contracts, creditors or other interested parties. The acquirer is obliged to, within a 
reasonable time after the acquisition of the covered bond portfolio, inform the holders of the covered bonds, 
debtors of the claims constituting the cover pool, the counterparties to derivative instruments related to the 
cover pool and the third parties concerned of all the circumstances necessary for the exercise and 
performance of the respective rights and obligations. 
A covered bond portfolio may be transferred in its entirety to another Estonian credit institution that has 
obtained the additional authorisation to issue covered bonds if both the following conditions are met: 
• 
the acquirer meets all the requirements established for issuers by the Credit Institutions Act, the 
ECBA and other legislation and has not breached these requirements repeatedly or materially 
during the last 5 years; and 
• 
the acquirer has the capacity to ensure the existence of sufficient internal capital within the meaning 
of the Estonian Credit Institutions Act to cover all risks arising from the acquisition of the covered 
bond portfolio that are not subject to own funds requirements.

--- Page 182 ---
- 173 - 
A covered bond portfolio may be transferred in its entirety to an acquirer being a credit institution 
established in another Contracting State of the EEA Agreement if all of the following conditions are met: 
• 
the acquirer meets all the requirements imposed on credit institutions and issuers of covered bonds 
by the law of the country where the acquirer is established, and the acquirer has not breached these 
requirements repeatedly or materially during the last 5 years; 
• 
the law of the country where the acquirer is established guarantees the coverage of the covered 
bonds included in the covered bond portfolio to be transferred and of the related derivative 
instruments entered in the cover register, as well as the rights of the holders of the covered bonds 
and of the counterparties to the derivative instruments entered in the cover register at a level that 
is at least equivalent to that guaranteed by Estonian law; 
• 
the law of the country where the acquirer is established guarantees the rights of the debtors of the 
claims standing as security for the covered bonds at a level that is at least equivalent to that 
guaranteed by Estonian law, and the transfer will not render the performance of the obligations 
more expensive or difficult for the debtor of any such claim; 
• 
the law of the country where the acquirer is established allows the acquirer to acquire the covered 
bond portfolio; and 
• 
the acquirer has all the necessary authorisations and approvals for the acquisition of the covered 
bond portfolio that are required for the transaction according to the law of the country where the 
acquirer is established. 
In order to obtain permission for the transfer of a covered bond portfolio, the acquirer shall, not later than 
on the 20th day after the conclusion of the contract for the transfer of the covered bond portfolio in its 
entirety, submit to the EFSA a written application and the supplementary documents and information 
required under the ECBA. 
The EFSA may refuse to grant permission for the transfer of a covered bond portfolio if: 
• 
the above described requirements for the acquirer of a covered bond portfolio are not met; or 
• 
there are other circumstances damaging to the legitimate interests of the holders of covered bonds 
and of the counterparties to the derivative instruments entered in the cover register. 
Insolvency of a separated covered bond portfolio 
A separated covered bond portfolio is insolvent if one of the following circumstances occurs: 
• 
it is not possible to satisfy the legitimate claim of at least one holder of covered bonds or 
counterparty to a derivative instrument entered in the cover register at the expense of the cover 
pool or the proceeds received from it, and this impossibility is not temporary due to the economic 
situation of the covered bond portfolio; or 
• 
the present value of the cover pool does not cover the present value of the liabilities arising from 
covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register and the expenses 
of management of the covered bond portfolio. 
The provisions of the Bankruptcy Act concerning a bankrupt debtor and their bankruptcy proceedings shall 
apply to an insolvent separated covered bond portfolio, subject to the specification provided in the ECBA. 
Only the EFSA has the right to file a bankruptcy petition in respect of a separated covered bond portfolio. 
Upon the submission of a bankruptcy petition by the EFSA, the court will review the bankruptcy petition 
promptly but not later than on the following business day and decide on the declaration of bankruptcy on 
the basis of evidence annexed to the bankruptcy petition. On the basis of the bankruptcy ruling, the covered 
bond portfolio concerned shall become a separate bankruptcy estate of the issuer. 
In the bankruptcy proceedings of a separated covered bond portfolio only the holders of covered bonds, the 
counterparties to the derivative instruments entered in the cover register who have a claim arising from 
failure to perform an obligation in accordance section 48 of the Estonian Bankruptcy Act, and other persons

--- Page 183 ---
- 174 - 
whose claims may be satisfied at the expense of the cover pool or proceeds received from it according to 
law, can be creditors in bankruptcy proceedings concerning a covered bond portfolio. Claims arising from 
derivative instruments and covered bonds shall have the same ranking and shall be satisfied before the 
claims of other creditors. 
Upon the bankruptcy of a covered bond portfolio, the court shall appoint the bankruptcy trustee for the 
covered bond portfolio on the basis of the proposal of the EFSA. In addition to the general duties, rights 
and obligations the bankruptcy trustee has under the Estonian Bankruptcy Act, the bankruptcy trustee shall: 
• 
submit to the EFSA, without delay, the information requested by the latter and allow the EFSA to 
examine the documentation related to the bankruptcy proceedings concerning the covered bond 
portfolio; and 
• 
if necessary, or if so prescribed by the legislation of the other Contracting State of the EEA 
Agreement, notify the registrar of the commercial register, land register or other relevant register 
of the Contracting State of the EEA Agreement where a cover asset is located about the bankruptcy 
ruling concerning the covered bond portfolio. 
In addition to the appointment of a bankruptcy trustee, a bankruptcy committee shall be formed for the 
insolvent covered bond portfolio. The bankruptcy committee shall have five members, three of which shall 
be appointed by the EFSA. 
In the event that a claim included in the cover pool of the bankrupt covered bond portfolio is satisfied with 
respect to the issuer, such satisfaction shall be deemed to be satisfaction in favour of the bankruptcy estate 
of the covered bond portfolio in bankruptcy proceedings. The issuer or its bankruptcy trustee shall transfer 
the proceeds of the satisfaction immediately to the bankruptcy trustee of the covered bond portfolio. 
Bankruptcy proceedings concerning a covered bond portfolio may not be terminated by a compromise, 
(which is a special court-supervised proceeding generally available under the Estonian Bankruptcy Act, 
allowing termination of bankruptcy proceedings upon reaching a settlement agreement approved by a 
majority of the creditors whose claims form at least two-thirds of the total amount of all defended claims 
in the bankruptcy proceedings). To the extent that it is not possible to satisfy claims arising from covered 
bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register in the bankruptcy proceedings 
concerning the covered bond portfolio, a creditor shall have the right to file claims against the issuer in the 
general procedure, including in bankruptcy proceedings. 
Liquidation of a separated covered bond portfolio 
A separated covered bond portfolio shall be liquidated once all the liabilities arising from covered bonds 
and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register are met. Within 20 business days from the 
date of meeting all the liabilities arising from covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in 
the cover register, the cover pool administrator is obliged to submit to the EFSA the last reports required 
by the ECBA, disclose all information required under the ECBA and publish a notice regarding the 
liquidation of the covered bond portfolio in the Estonian Official Gazette (in Estonian: Ametlikud 
Teadaanded). After the fulfilment of the above listed obligations by the cover pool administrator, the EFSA 
shall within 10 business days file a petition for release of the administrator from office with a court. 
From the date of entry into force of the court ruling on the release of the cover pool administrator from 
office, the provisions of the ECBA shall no longer apply to the portion of the cover pool that remains after 
the liabilities arising from covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register 
are met and the expenses of management of the covered bond portfolio are paid. The person whose term of 
office as the cover pool administrator has ended shall, insofar as possible, assist in the inclusion of the 
assets referred to in the first sentence of this subsection in the issuer's bankruptcy estate or other assets. 
Disclosure of information relating to covered bonds 
The ECBA requires an issuer of covered bonds to disclose information about covered bond portfolios once 
a quarter. Information about the first three quarters of a year shall be disclosed within 20 days of the end of 
the respective quarter. Information about the fourth quarter shall be disclosed within two months of the end 
of the quarter. The disclosed information must be available on the issuer's website for at least the last five 
years.

--- Page 184 ---
- 175 - 
Under the ECBA, the following information must be disclosed: 
(i) 
the nominal value of outstanding covered bonds and of the cover pool; 
(ii) 
a list of all covered bonds under that covered bond programme with the International 
Securities Identification Numbers (ISINs), if any; 
(iii) 
the maturity structure of the covered bonds and the cover pool; 
(iv) 
the geographical distribution of the value of cover assets, at least to the accuracy of the 
country, based on the location of the property standing as security for a mortgage credit 
or commercial mortgage credit, and the location of the debtor or issuer in the case of other 
cover assets; 
(v) 
the type of property included in the cover pool, the total size and valuation method of the 
loans included in the cover pool; 
(vi) 
the distribution of substitute cover assets, in terms of their value, between the different 
types of eligible substitute cover assets; 
(vii) 
the level of the liquidity buffer and information about the ratio between the total liquidity 
buffer and the payment obligations of the next 180 days; 
(viii) 
the percentage of the amount of substitute cover assets, which have been in default for 
over 90 days or which the issuer estimates to be doubtful, in the cover pool; 
(ix) 
details in relation to market risk, including interest rate risk and currency risk, and credit 
and liquidity risks; 
(x) 
a list of the conditions suspending the maturity of a payment obligation; 
(xi) 
the amount of the main collateral, mandatory overcollateral and voluntary overcollateral; 
(xii) 
information about counterparties of derivative contracts; and 
(xiii) 
the methodology for calculating the ratio between credit and the value of the property 
standing as security for the credit. 
(xiv) 
In addition, the percentage of the amount of mortgage-backed credits, which have been in 
default for over 90 days or which the issuer estimates to be doubtful, in the cover pool, 
shall be disclosed regarding the primary cover assets for mortgage-covered bonds. 
Cover Pool Monitor Agreement 
Under the terms of a Cover Pool Monitor Agreement entered into on 7 November 2019 in respect of the 
issuance of any Covered Bond (the "Cover Pool Monitor Agreement") between the Issuer and KPMG 
Baltics OÜ as the asset monitor (the "Cover Pool Monitor"), the Cover Pool Monitor has agreed, subject 
to receiving access to all relevant information, to act as cover pool monitor (as defined in the ECBA) and 
to conduct tests in relation to, inter alia: (1) compliance of stress testing of the Covered Bond Portfolio and 
any changes introduced to the Covered Bond Portfolio as a result of stress testing with requirements; (2) 
the existence of a sufficient Cover Pool and its compliance with the requirements of the ECBA; (3) 
compliance of the maintenance of the cover register with the requirements of the ECBA; (4) compliance of 
the valuation of immovable properties encumbered with a mortgage securing credit and included in the 
cover pool with the requirements of the ECBA; (5) compliance of the Issuer's risk management and 
reporting obligation within the requirements of the ECBA; and (6) compliance by the Issuer of the Terms 
and Conditions of any Covered Bonds within the requirements of the ECBA. 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor will perform independent 
assurance services to ensure the requirements of the ECBA are fulfilled insofar as they relates to the Cover 
Pool Monitor. The purpose of the assurance engagement is to provide assurance as to whether the activities 
of the Issuer comply with the requirements of the ECBA. The Cover Pool Monitor's audit will be conducted 
as a limited assurance engagement within the meaning of the Auditors Activities Act. According to the

--- Page 185 ---
- 176 - 
ECBA, the Cover Pool Monitor must be appointed for at least one year. Under the current Cover Pool 
Monitor Agreement, the duties and authorisation of KPMG Baltics OÜ as the Cover Pool Monitor have 
been stipulated without a term. The Issuer is obliged to notify the Financial Supervision Authority of the 
intention to appoint a monitor by submitting the information and documents specified in clause 4 of the 
ECBA to the Financial Supervision Authority at least ten days before the relevant decision is made. Should 
the Cover Pool Monitor decide to resign its position, the Cover Pool Monitor shall notify the Issuer and the 
Financial Supervision Authority thereof at least 30 days in advance. Upon the removal of the Cover Pool 
Monitor by the Issuer, the Issuer shall notify the Financial Supervision Authority of the planned removal 
ten days before the relevant decision is made, unless prior notification is not possible for good reason. 
The Cover Pool Monitor Agreement is governed by Estonian law.

--- Page 186 ---
- 177 - 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks. 
Details of the administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, each such administrator's name appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (the "ESMA 
Benchmarks Register") are set out below. 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Administrator appears on 
ESMA Benchmarks Register? 
CIBOR 
Danish Financial Benchmark Facility 
ApS 
Yes 
NIBOR 
Norske Finansielle Referanser AS 
Yes 
STIBOR 
Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility  
Yes 
EURIBOR 
European Money Markets Institute 
Yes

--- Page 187 ---
- 178 - 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or 
elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax 
laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of 
those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Taxation of interest in Estonia 
Estonian Resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Article 17(1) of the Estonian Income Tax Act of 1999 (tulumaksuseadus), as amended (the 
"EITA"), income tax at the rate of 20 per cent. (22 per cent. from 2022) is charged on all interest received 
by natural persons who are resident in Estonia. Income tax payable in respect of interest payments to be 
made to Estonian residents is to be withheld by the Issuer. The Issuer will not withhold income tax if the 
Estonian resident Noteholder, who is a natural person, has notified the Issuer that the interest was received 
on financial assets acquired for money held in an investment account as specified in Article 172 of the 
EITA. 
Interest income earned by resident legal entities is not subject to income tax. Such income is included in 
their profits and taxed upon distribution of profit pursuant to the respective procedures. 
Non-resident Noteholders 
The Issuer does not withhold any income tax on interest payments to non-residents (i.e. non-resident legal 
persons who do not have a registered permanent establishment in Estonia, and/or natural persons). 
The income earned by non-resident Noteholders is not subject to taxation in Estonia but may be subject to 
taxation in their country of residence. 
Definitive Notes 
Noteholders should be aware that, if Definitive Notes are issued, holders of any Definitive Notes that are 
not held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, who are natural persons, will be required to 
present evidence of non-Estonian residency or other evidence as required by the Issuer, to the relevant 
Paying Agent, in order to receive payments of interest free of Estonian withholding tax (which, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, is charged at a rate of 20 per cent. From 2025, the applicable rate will be 22 
per cent.). 
Taxation of capital gains in Estonia 
Estonian Resident Noteholders 
The income earned by resident individuals from the sale or exchange of Notes is taxed as capital gain from 
the transfer of property which is subject to income tax at the rate of 20 per cent. (22 per cent. from 2022) 
A Noteholder has to declare the gain and pay the income tax. 
Pursuant to Article 37(1) of the EITA, a resident individual has the right to deduct certified expenses 
directly related to the sale or exchange of Notes from the resident's gain or to add such expenses to the 
resident's loss. The gain or loss derived from the transfer of Notes is the difference between the acquisition 
cost and the sale price of the Notes. The gains or loss derived from the exchange of Notes is the difference 
between the acquisition cost of the Notes and the market price of the property received as a result of the 
exchange. 
Individual Noteholders may postpone the taxation of their income derived from the sale or exchange of the 
Notes, by using an investment account specified in Article 172 of the EITA for the purposes of making 
transactions with the Notes and depositing the proceeds from the transfer of Notes in the investment 
account. The moment of taxation of the financial income held on an investment account is postponed until

--- Page 188 ---
- 179 - 
such income is withdrawn from the investment account (i.e. the amount withdrawn from the account 
exceeds the amount which had been previously paid into the account). 
Gains received by resident legal entities from the sale of Notes is not subject to corporate income tax. Such 
gain is included in their profits and taxed upon distribution of profits pursuant to relevant procedures. 
Non-resident Noteholders 
Gains received from the sale or exchange of Notes is not subject to income tax in Estonia by non-resident 
Noteholders (i.e. non-resident legal persons who do not have a registered permanent establishment in 
Estonia, and/or natural persons). 
The income earned by non-resident Noteholders may be subject to taxation in their country of residence. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each other than Estonia, a "participating Member State"). However, 
Estonia has ceased to participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign 
passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions including 
the Republic of Estonia have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in 
their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an 
IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that 
it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date of 
publication of final regulations defining the term "foreign passthru payment" Holders should consult their 
own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 189 ---
- 180 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Citigroup Global Markets Europe 
AG, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, DNB Bank ASA, Erste Group 
Bank AG, J.P. Morgan SE, Nordea Bank Abp, Landesbank Baden-Württemberg, Luminor Bank AS, 
represented within the Republic of Lithuania by Luminor Bank AS Lithuanian branch, Morgan Stanley 
Europe SE and UniCredit Bank GmbH (the "Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes may from 
time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer 
Agreement dated 25 April 2024 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. 
If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a 
single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of 
distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer 
and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the 
appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer 
and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the 
method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of 
those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those 
Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond 
the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed 
to act as Stabilising Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be. Each new Dealer so appointed will be required to represent, 
warrant and undertake to the following selling restrictions as part of its appointment. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes.  
The relevant Dealers will be entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their 
obligations in respect of a proposed issue of Notes under or pursuant to the Dealer Agreement prior to the 
closing of the issue of such Notes, including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered 
or met to their satisfaction on or before the issue date of such Notes. In this situation, the issuance of such 
Notes may not be completed. Investors will have no rights against the Issuer or the relevant Dealers in 
respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, as certified to the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer by 
such Dealer (or, in the case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes to or through more than one Dealer, by each of 
such Dealers as to the Notes of such Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the Fiscal Agent or 
the Issuer shall notify each such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified) within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which 
it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons.

--- Page 190 ---
- 181 - 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2016/97 the "EU Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes incudes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended, "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 191 ---
- 182 - 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
A. 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
B. 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA 
by the Issuer; 
(b) Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if it was not 
an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others 
for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, 
FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, the Dealers have represented and 
agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, any Notes nor distribute any copies 
of the Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other document relating to Notes, in the Republic of Italy 
except: 
(a) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 100, paragraph 1, letter 
(a) of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Financial Services Act") 
and Article 34-ter, first paragraph, letter b) of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, 
as amended from time to time ("Regulation No. 11971"); or 
(b) in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
100 of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971.

--- Page 192 ---
- 183 - 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus, any Final 
Terms or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must be: 
(a) made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act and, CONSOB Regulation 
No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the 
"Consolidated Banking Act") (in each case, as amended from time to time) and any other 
applicable laws and regulations; and 
(b) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including, the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to 
Article 129 of the Consolidated Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, 
as amended from time to time) or any other competent authority. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it 
has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an 
accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, it has 
complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from 
which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into 
whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Neither the Issuer or any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 193 ---
- 184 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The update of the Programme was authorised by the Supervisory Council of the Issuer on 31 March 
2020, 26 October 2020 and 25 April 2022. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time 
all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance 
of the Notes relating to them. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during 
the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
Since 31 December 2023 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
or the Issuer and its subsidiaries. Since 31 December 2023, there has been no significant change in 
the financial position or performance of the Issuer or the Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
Auditors 
4. 
AS PricewaterhouseCoopers has audited the 2023 Financial Statements and the 2022 Financial 
Statements (incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference) and issued unqualified auditor's 
reports from the audit thereof. 
AS PricewaterhouseCoopers is a member of the Estonian Auditors Association. 
Listing Agent 
5. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer 
in connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents on Display 
6. 
Copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof) may be inspected 
during normal business hours at the offices of Luminor Bank AS at Liivalaia 45, 10145, Tallinn, 
Estonia or at www.luminor.ee for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the articles of association and trade register extract of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(c) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(d) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive 
form); and 
(e) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement. 
This Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/24412/documents  
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus, 
information on the website does not form part of this prospectus.

--- Page 194 ---
- 185 - 
Material Contracts 
7. 
No contracts (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) have been entered 
into by the Issuer that are, or may be, material or contain provisions under which the Issuer or any 
of its subsidiaries has an obligation or entitlement which is, or may be, material to the ability of 
the Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Clearing of the Notes 
8. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code, International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), Financial 
Instrument Short Name (FISN) and Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) code (as 
applicable) in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant 
Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Issue Price and Yield 
9. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the relevant Dealer(s) at the time 
of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes 
or the method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may 
include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the 
relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest 
payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) 
to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of 
the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
10. 
Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course 
of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of 
the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates may have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer and may, in such cases, routinely hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially 
the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes and Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend 
to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. J.P. 
Morgan has advised the Braavos Consortium with respect to the acquisition of the majority 
ownership in the Issuer.

--- Page 195 ---
- 186 - 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
11. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 213800JD2L89GGG7LF07. 
Issuer Website 
12. 
The Issuer's website is www.luminor.ee. Unless specifically incorporated by reference to this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
13. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its 12 month validity period.

--- Page 196 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Luminor Bank AS 
Liivalaia 45 
10145 
Tallinn 
Estonia 
DEALERS 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias Gate 30 
N-0191 Oslo 
Norway 
 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Am Belvedere 1 
1100 Vienna 
Austria 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
 
Luminor Bank AS, represented within the 
Republic of Lithuania by Luminor Bank AS 
Lithuanian branch 
Konstitucijos ave. 21A 
03601 Vilnius 
Lithuania 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 NORDEA 
Finland 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH  
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
 
FISCAL AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe Plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1, Ireland

--- Page 197 ---
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
as to English law: 
as to Estonian law: 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London 
E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
Advokaadibüroo COBALT OÜ 
Pärnu mnt 15, 
10141 Tallinn 
Estonia 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
AS PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Tatari 1 
10116 Tallinn 
Estonia 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
D02 T380 
Ireland