--- Page 1 ---
The date of this Offering Circular is 22 February 2022 
 
MØRE BOLIGKREDITT AS 
(incorporated with limited liability in Norway) 
€4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
Under this €4,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme (the Programme), Møre Boligkreditt AS (the Is s u er) 
may from time to time issue covered bonds issued in accordance with the Act (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
other than VPS Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes”, as the case may be) (the Notes which term shall include, so 
far as the context permits, VPS Notes (as defined below)) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer (as defined below). 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form or in uncertificated book entry form (the VPS Notes) settled through the Norwegian 
Central Securities Depository, the Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) (Euronext VPS). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€4,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), 
subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “ Overview of the Progra m m e” and 
any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the De alers), 
which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Offering Circular to the relevant Dealer 
shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to 
subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a di s cu s s ion  of  th ese ri sk s s ee “ Risk 
Factors”. 
This Offering Circular has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Offering Circular as 
meeting the standard of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the 
Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext Dublin Re gulated 
Market) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or on another regulated market  for t he 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II) in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and/or that are to be 
offered to the public in any member state of the EEA in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the 
date of this Offering Circular to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the Official List) and to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. References in this Offering Circular to the Notes being listed (and all related references) on 
Euronext Dublin shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes have been admitted to the 
Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
This Offering Circular (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in rel at ion t o 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II in the EEA. The obligation to 
supplement this Offering Circular in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not  apply 
when this Offering Circular is no longer valid. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain 
other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” 
or “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes”, as the case may be) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final 
Terms) which will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and, where listed, Euronext Dublin.  
Copies of the Final Terms in relation to the Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com.  
Notes may be admitted to trading on either the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market or the Oslo Børs ASA’s (the Oslo Stock 
Exchange) regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation 
to the relevant Series. 
The Central Bank of Ireland has provided the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (NFSA), in its capacity as the 
competent authority in Norway, with a certificate of approval attesting that this Offering Circular has been drawn up in 
accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Notes are expected to be assigned a “AAA” rating by Moody's Investors Service Limited (Moody's). Moody's is est ablished 
in the United Kingdom (UK) and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (t he C RA 
Regulation). The ratings issued by Moody’s have been endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation. Moody’s is 
established in the UK and is registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA). Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclo sed 
in the applicable Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
 
 
Arranger 
Nordea 
Dealers 
 
Danske Bank 
DNB Bank 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Nordea 
SEB  
Swedbank

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Offering Circular comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Circular and the Final Terms for each 
Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all 
reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Offering Circular is in accordance 
with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Offering Circular is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Offering Circular shall be read and construed on the 
basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Offering Circular.  
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Offering Circular refers does not form 
part of this Offering Circular and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers as to 
the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Offering Circular or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to 
the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular or any other information provided by 
the Issuer in connection with the Programme.  
The Dealers have not undertaken, nor will they undertake, any investigations, searches or other actions in respect of 
the loans and other assets contained or to be contained in the Cover Pool (as defined herein), but will instead rely on 
the obligations of the Issuer under the Act (as defined herein). The Dealers will not verify or monitor the application 
of the proceeds of any Green Bonds (as defined below) issued under this Programme. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Offering Circular in 
connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant Dealer or the 
Managers, as the case may be. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Dealers to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Offering Circular or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes (a) 
is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by 
the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Offering Circular or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing 
any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal 
of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and of the Cover Pool.  Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to 
the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to 
review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the 
Notes of any information coming to their attention.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. 
The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Offering Circular may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes 
may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such 
distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to 
permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Offering Circular in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Offering 
Circular nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except 
under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose 
possession this Offering Circular or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular and the offering, sale and/or transfer of Notes. In particular, 
there are restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, 
the EEA (including Norway), the UK and Japan, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the 
suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to 
consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Offering Circular or any applicable supplement to this Offering Circular; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have o n its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such potential investor’s financial 
activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce risk or 
enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential 
investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone 
or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the 
resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s 
overall investment portfolio. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are 
subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for 
it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or 
pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the 
Securities Act) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see 
“Subscription and Sale”). 
Notes denominated in NOK may not be offered, sold or delivered in Norway or to or for the benefit of persons 
domiciled in Norway, unless in compliance with the regulations relating to the offer of VPS Notes and the 
registration in Euronext VPS (as defined herein) of VPS Notes.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes (as described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
- Interest” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes - Interest) may, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
be calculated by reference to a Reference Rate (as defined below). As at the date of this Offering Circular, the 
administrators of EURIBOR and NIBOR are included in the European Securities and Markets Authority’s (ESMA) 
register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation).  
As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such 
that the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (as administrator of STIBOR) is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
IMPORTANT – MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. A distributor (as defined above) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purposes of 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 
1286/2014 (as amended) (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implemen t 
the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Offering Circular, all references to: 
U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars;  
NKR, NKr or NOK refer to Norwegian Kroner;  
GBP, Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling;  
yen refer to Japanese Yen; and 
euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
In this Offering Circular, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) designated as the 
stabilisation manager(s) (the Stabilisation Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after 
the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
Overview of the Programme .................................................................................................................................................. 9 
Risk Factors........................................................................................................................................................................... 13 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................................... 27 
Form of the Notes ................................................................................................................................................................. 29 
Applicable Final Terms ........................................................................................................................................................ 32 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes ................................................................................................ 41 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes............................................................................................................................. 61 
Use of Proceeds..................................................................................................................................................................... 81 
Summary of the Norwegian Legislation regarding Covered Bonds.................................................................................. 82 
Møre Boligkreditt AS ........................................................................................................................................................... 87 
Sparebanken Møre Group .................................................................................................................................................... 92 
Summary of the Swap Agreements ..................................................................................................................................... 95 
Book entry clearing in respect of VPS Notes ..................................................................................................................... 99 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................................................... 100 
Subscription and Sale ......................................................................................................................................................... 102 
General Information............................................................................................................................................................ 104

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
 
Overview of the Programme 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Offering Circular and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall 
be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, if appropriate, 
a supplement to the Offering Circular or a new Offering Circular will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS 
Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” shall have the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
Møre Boligkreditt AS 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out 
under “Risk Factors” below and include risks relating to the Issuer and its 
business activities. In addition, there are certain factors which are material 
for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme. These are set out under “Risk Factors” and include 
certain risks relating to the structure of particular Series of Notes and 
certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Dealers: 
Danske Bank A/S, DNB Bank ASA, Landesbank Baden-Württemberg, 
Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Swedbank 
AB (publ) and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply with 
such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements 
from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale”) including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Offering Circular. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the 
issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the FSMA 
unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription and 
Sale”. 
Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
VPS Agent: 
Sparebanken Møre 
VPS Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS 
Programme Size: 
Up to €4,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. The 
Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each 
case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euro, Norwegian Kroner, U.S. dollars, yen

--- Page 10 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
 
 
 
10 
 
 
and, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any other 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer 
or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Extendable Obligation: 
The applicable Final Terms may also provide that the Issuer’s obligations to 
pay the Final Redemption Amount of the applicable Series of Notes on their 
Maturity Date shall be deferred until the Extended Final Maturity Date (as 
defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” or 
“Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes”, as the case may be), provided 
that any amount representing the amount due on the Maturity Date as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms (the Final Redemption Amount) due and 
remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any 
Interest Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant 
Extended Final Maturity Date. Such deferral will occur automatically if the 
Issuer fails to pay the Final Redemption Amount of the relevant Series of 
Notes on their Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid 
amount and will be payable on each Interest Payment Date falling after the 
Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is at 
par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form or, in the case of VPS Notes, 
uncertificated book entry form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Each Note (other than VPS Notes) will on issue be represented by either a 
Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, by a 
Permanent Global Note which will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes. 
 
VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title.  
Entitlements to VPS Notes will be evidenced by the crediting of VPS Notes 
to accounts with Euronext VPS. VPS Notes will not be exchangeable for 
bearer Notes and vice versa.  See “Form of the Notes” below. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by 
an agreement incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. (ISDA), and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series), or the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (as 
published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the Reference Rate set out in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject as provided in Condition 3.2(d) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and Condition 
3(b)(iv) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
 
 
 
11 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving 
notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or 
dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to restrictions 
on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain Restrictions — Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year” above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see “Certain 
Restrictions — Notes having a maturity of less than one year” above, and 
save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for or 
on account of withholding taxes imposed by Norway or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax as 
provided in Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other 
than VPS Notes and Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In the event 
of any such withholding or deduction, the Issuer will not pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so withheld or deducted. 
Cross-Default and other Events 
of Default: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a cross-default provision or any 
other events of default. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge provision. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes are issued on an unconditional and unsubordinated basis and in 
accordance with the Act and the Regulations (as defined in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes”, as the case may be). The Notes and any other covered 
bonds issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Act (together, the 
Covered Bonds), together with the Issuer’s obligations under the Swaps (as 
defined in the section “Summary of the Swap Agreements”) and any other 
derivative instruments entered into by the Issuer in connection with the 
Covered Bonds (the Covered Bond Swaps), have, according to the Act, an 
exclusive, equal and pro rata prioritised claim against a cover pool of 
certain registered eligible assets (the Cover Pool) upon public 
administration of the Issuer.  See also “Summary of the Norwegian 
Legislation regarding Covered Bonds” below. 
Overcollateralisation: 
Pursuant to the terms of the Act, the Issuer is required to ensure that the 
prudent market value of the assets in a Cover Pool shall at all times exceed 
the value of the covered bonds with a preferential claim against the Cover

--- Page 12 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
 
 
 
12 
 
 
Pool (derivative contracts taken into account) (Overcollateralisation). A 
higher level of Overcollateralisation may be set through regulations passed 
by the Ministry of Finance under the Act. Pursuant to the Regulations the 
Issuer is required to ensure a minimum Overcollateralisation in the Cover 
Pool of 2 per cent. at all times. 
In addition, the Issuer has contractually undertaken to ensure that, for as 
long as any of the Notes are outstanding, the value of the Cover Pool shall 
at all times be at least 102 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of 
the Covered Bonds and the Issuer’s obligations under Covered Bond Swaps 
having recourse to such Cover Pool. Such level of contractually agreed 
overcollateralisation will be subject to change in accordance with any 
higher level imposed by Norwegian legislation from time to time. 
Rating: 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Listing: 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
listed on Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be admitted to trading on either the Euronext Dublin Regulated 
Market or the Oslo Stock Exchange’s regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in 
relation to the relevant Series.   
 
The applicable Final Terms will state the relevant regulated market(s). 
Governing Law: 
The Notes (other than the VPS Notes) and all non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with them will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law, save for Condition 2 (and all 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes which will be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Norwegian Law. 
 
VPS Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them will be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, English law, save for Conditions 2, 10, 11 and 12 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with such conditions which will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
 
The VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Act of 15 March 2019 no. 
6 on Central Securities Depositories (the CSD Act), as amended from time 
to time, which implements Regulation (EU) no. 909/2014 (CSDR) into 
Norwegian law, and the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights 
and subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under these acts 
and any related regulations and legislation. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular and the 
offer, sale and/or transfer of the Notes in the United States, the EEA 
(including, for these purposes, Norway), the UK and Japan. Further 
restrictions may be required in connection with any particular Tranche of 
Notes. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
United 
States 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. In the case of Notes other than VPS Notes, 
TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Liquidity requirements: 
The Issuer has established systems for prudent liquidity management for the 
purpose of meeting its payment obligations in respect of interest and 
principal due and payable on the Covered Bonds issued by it from time to 
time in accordance with the requirements of the Act and Regulations.  See 
“Summary of the Norwegian Legislation regarding Covered Bonds” and 
“Møre Boligkreditt AS - The Credit Facility Agreement” below.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
Risk Factors 
  
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may face difficulties that will affect the Issuer’s 
ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies 
which may or may not occur. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below.  
 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the 
Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to antic ipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Offering Circular and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
The Issuer may not be able to refinance its borrowings on commercially reasonable terms or at all 
The Issuer’s lending is to some extent made on longer terms than the Issuer’s borrowings. Therefore, the Issuer 
is dependent on its ability to refinance borrowings upon maturity. If the Issuer fails to refinance any outstanding 
Notes on their scheduled Maturity Date, the Issuer may defer repayment of such Notes until a later date (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) provided that an Extended Final Maturity Date is specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms for such Notes.  
The Issuer is however dependent on maintaining its credit ratings in order to be able to refinance its borrowings 
on commercially reasonable terms, as credit ratings affect the costs and other terms upon which the Issuer is 
able to obtain funding. Any factors having a negative impact on the Issuer, the Cover Pool or the Sparebanken 
Møre Group, such as the deterioration of the residential property market in Norway or a downturn in the 
international or domestic financial markets, may affect the credit rating of the Issuer, the Programme and/or any 
outstanding Notes. A credit rating downgrade will not in itself have any impact on the Issuer’s ability to perform 
its obligations under the Notes, but could, in each case, increase the Issuer’s borrowing costs, adversely affect 
the liquidity position of the Issuer, limit the Issuer’s access to the capital markets, undermine confidence in (and 
the competitive position of) the Issuer, trigger obligations under certain bilateral terms in some of the Issuer’s 
trading and collateralised financing contracts and/or limit the range of counterparties willing to enter into 
transactions with the Issuer. Any of these events may lead to difficulties for the Issuer in refinancing its 
borrowings on commercially reasonable terms or at all.  
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 (the Covered Bond Directive) and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 (implementing 
certain amendments to Article 129 of Regulation (EU) 575/2013) (collectively, the EU Covered Bond Rules) 
require certain amendments to the Norwegian covered bonds legislation. On 17 December 2021, the Norwegian 
Ministry of Finance (the Ministry of Finance) submitted a legislative proposal with the purpose of 
implementing these amendments. The EU Covered Bond Rules require national implementation by 8 July 2022, 
but the Covered Bond Directive and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 have not yet been implemented in the 
Agreement on the European Economic Area (the EEA Agreement). If the EU Covered Bond Rules have not 
been implemented in the EEA Agreement as well as in Norwegian law by 8 July 2022, there is a risk that the 
Issuer may not be able to refinance its borrowings, as further elaborated below in “Other Regulatory 
Developments”.    
Default on mortgage loans may lead to the Issuer being unable to satisfy its obligations under the Notes 
In recent years, low interest rates, low inflation, higher house prices, a favourable tax regime and increased 
disposable income for households in Norway have led to a continued strong growth in demand for real estate, 
and consequently loans, especially in the residential mortgage market.

--- Page 14 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
14 
 
 
The growth in demand for loans, especially in the residential mortgage market, has led to significant growth in 
the levels of indebtedness, which in turn has increased the potential financial vulnerability of some residential 
mortgage borrowers. A high percentage of Norwegian residential mortgage borrowers have floating interest rate 
mortgages, and are consequently exposed to the risk of interest rate increases. The majority of the residential 
mortgages included in the Issuer’s Cover Pool are subject to floating interest rates. Even a moderate rise in 
interest rates may lead to a significantly higher interest burden, and a material reduction of disposable income, 
for residential mortgage borrowers who have taken on high levels of debt. 
If the relevant interest rates rises and/or borrowers suffer a decline in income, borrowers may be unable to meet 
their payment obligations on their mortgages. If borrowers default on their mortgage loans, enforcement actions 
can be taken by the Issuer in order to realise the value of the collateral securing these mortgage loans. When 
collateral is enforced, a court order may be needed to establish the borrower’s obligation to pay and to enable a 
sale by executive measures. If, in the context of an enforcement action, the Issuer is not able to obtain the 
relevant court decision or the real estate market in Norway substantially declines, there is a risk that the Issuer 
may not be able to recover the entire amount of the mortgage loan. Further, should the prices of real property 
and the housing market in Norway substantially decline, the value of the Issuer’s collateral for its mortgage 
loans will be adversely affected. Any failure to recover the full amount of the Issuer’s mortgage loans could 
jeopardise the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Notes, which are backed by payments from the 
mortgage loans included in the Cover Pool. 
The Issuer is dependent on Sparebanken Møre’s competitive market position and the demand for its 
products 
The mortgages originated by Sparebanken Møre and subsequently transferred to the Issuer’s Cover Pool 
represent a dynamic pool, particularly because of the high refinancing ratio in the Norwegian mortgage market. 
Sparebanken Møre’s ability to originate mortgages depends on the competitive market position of the 
Sparebanken Møre Group and the demand for its products. A general downturn in the Norwegian economy, 
regulatory changes affecting the residential mortgage market and/or interest rate rises may result in a decrease in 
the demand for residential property and, therefore, residential mortgages. A decrease in the demand for 
Sparebanken Møre’s mortgage loans will lead to less than expected mortgages being transferred from 
Sparebanken Møre to the Issuer. A significant reduction in the size of the mortgage portfolio will adversely 
affect the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes and the value of the Cover Pool.  
Public administration of the Issuer and halt to payments from the Cover Pool may lead to Noteholders 
not receiving the full amount due on the Notes 
In the event of public administration of the Issuer, timely payments shall be made on the Notes so long as the 
Cover Pool is in material compliance with the statutory requirements under the Act and the Regulations. Public 
administration of the Issuer will not in itself be sufficient cause for termination or similar remedy by the 
Noteholders or the providers of the Swaps (the Swap Providers). The public administration board may take any 
action considered necessary to ensure that the holders of the Notes and the Swap Providers receive agreed and 
timely payment on the Notes and the Swaps, including selling assets in the Cover Pool and is suing new Notes 
and entering into new derivative instruments with recourse to the assets in the Cover Pool pari passu with the 
Noteholders. 
If it is no longer possible to make timely payments to Noteholders or Swap Providers, the public administration 
board shall set a date to halt payments. The amount of claims with a right of priority to the assets included in the 
Cover Pool will be calculated as at the date on which the halt to payments takes effect. 
To the extent that Noteholders are not fully paid from the proceeds of the liquidation of the assets in the Cover 
Pool following a halt to payments, they will be able to prove for the balance of their claims as unsecured 
creditors of the Issuer and will be entitled to receive payment from the proceeds of the liquidation of any other 
assets of the Issuer not included in the Cover Pool (or any other cover pool maintained by the Issuer). The 
Noteholders would in such case rank pari passu with any other holder of Covered Bonds, Swap Providers and

--- Page 15 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
15 
 
 
the other unsecured, unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer. If the Issuer’s assets are insufficient to cover all 
unsecured, unsubordinated claims in full, Noteholders could be unable to collect the full balance of their claims 
against the Issuer. 
The Issuer is reliant on Interest Rate Swaps and Currency Swaps 
In order to hedge its interest rate risks and currency risks, the Issuer enters into Interest Rate Swaps and 
Currency Swaps with various Swap Providers. If the Issuer fails to make timely payments of amounts due or 
certain other events occur in relation to the Issuer under a Swap and any applicable grace period has expired, 
then the Issuer will have defaulted under that Swap. The Issuer’s default under a Swap due to non -payment or 
otherwise will suspend the relevant Swap Provider’s obligation to make further payments under that Swap, and 
the relevant Swap Provider may on certain conditions terminate the relevant Swap.  
If a Swap Provider is no longer obligated to make payments under a Swap, exercises its right to terminate a 
Swap or defaults on its obligations to make payments under a Swap, the Issuer will be exposed to changes in 
interest and/or currency exchange rates (as applicable). In addition, if the Swap Provider or its guarantor, as 
applicable, is downgraded and fails to comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions 
contained in the relevant Swap Agreement, such Swap Agreement may be terminated. In any such scenario, the 
Issuer may encounter difficulties entering into a replacement Interest Rate and/or Currency Swap (as applicable) 
on commercially acceptable terms or at all.  
Unless a replacement Swap is entered into, the Issuer may have insufficient funds to make payments due on its 
Notes in case of material fluctuations between either (i) for Interest Rate Swaps, the interest rates payable on the 
Cover Pool Assets and the applicable interest rate for the Notes, or (ii) for Currency Swaps, the currency of the 
Cover Pool assets and the currency of the Notes. 
Termination payments for Swaps may reduce the value of the Cover Pool 
If any of the Interest Rate Swaps or the Currency Swaps are terminated, the Issuer may as a result be obliged to 
make a termination payment to the relevant Swap Provider. The amount of the termination payment will be 
based on the cost of entering into a replacement Interest Rate Swap or Currency Swap, as the case may be. Any 
termination payment to be made by the Issuer to a Swap Provider will rank pari passu with claims for payments 
due to the Noteholders. Consequently, if the Issuer is unable to make the termination payment to the relevant 
Swap Provider from its own funds, the Cover Pool may be used to make such termination payments which will 
reduce the value of the Cover Pool for other preferential claims, such as the Notes. 
Operational risks 
The Issuer’s business involves operational risks. Operational risks are defined by the Issuer as the risk of 
incurring losses, including damaged reputation, due to deficiencies or errors in internal processes and control 
routines or by external events that affect operations. The Issuer conducts its business subject to compliance risks 
(including the effects of changes in laws, regulations, policies and voluntary codes of practice in Norway and 
other markets where the Issuer operates). There is a risk that the Issuer’s risk management strategies and 
procedures are not sufficient, which may expose the Issuer to unanticipated or unidentified risks. 
Further examples of relevant operational risks the issuer is exposed to are the following (but not limited to): 
Settlement risk: E.g. the possibility that the Issuer has already paid a counterparty or given irrevocable 
instruction to a transfer of cash or securities, but the corresponding delivery of cash or securities, or, as the case 
may be, return payment does not settle at the agreed time as a consequence of default or a failure in the relevant 
settlement system. 
Failure in compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and sanctions rules: The Issuer’s compliance 
risk management systems and policies may not be fully effective in preventing all violations of laws, regulations

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
16 
 
 
and rules. Monitoring compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and sanctions rules can put a 
significant financial burden on financial institutions and requires significant technical capabilities. 
Any failure by the Issuer or the Sparebanken Møre Group to comply with applicable laws and regulations, 
including those relating to money laundering, bribery, financial crimes, sanctions and other inappropriate or 
illegal transactions, may lead to penalties, fines, public reprimands, damage to reputation, issuance of business 
improvement and other administrative orders, enforced suspension of operations or, in extreme cases, adversely 
affect the ability to obtain future regulatory approvals or withdrawal of authorisation to operate. These 
consequences may harm the Issuer’s reputation, resulting in loss of customer or market confidence in the Issuer 
or deterioration of its business environment, and may adversely affect its business and results of operations. 
Failure in compliance with data protection and privacy laws and risk of being targeted by cybercriminals : The 
Issuer’s operations are subject to a number of laws and regulations relating to data privacy and protection, 
including the Norwegian Personal Data Act of 15 June 2018 (lov 15. Juni 2018 nr. 38 om behandling av 
personopplysninger (personopplysningsloven)) and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection 
Regulation (GDPR)). The requirements of these laws and regulations may affect the Issuer’s ability to collect, 
process and use personal data. Enforcement of data privacy legislation has become increasingly frequent and 
could result in the Issuer being subjected to claims from its customers alleging it has infringed their privacy 
rights, and it could face administrative proceedings (including criminal proceedings) initiated by the Norwegian 
Data Protection Authority. In addition, any enquiries made, or proceedings initiated by, individuals or regulators 
may lead to negative publicity and potential liability for the Issuer and the Sparebanken Møre Group. 
Noncompliance with these standards may lead to the Issuer facing substantial fines. 
The secure transmission of confidential information over the internet and the security of the Issuer’s and the 
Sparebanken Møre Group’s systems are essential to its maintaining customer confidence and ensuring 
compliance with data privacy legislation. If the Issuer, the Sparebanken Møre Group or any third party suppliers 
fails to transmit customer information and payment details online securely, or if they otherwise fail to protect 
customer privacy in online transactions, or if third parties obtain and/or reveal the Issuer’s confidential 
information, the Issuer and the Sparebanken Møre Group may lose customers and potential customers may be 
deterred from using the Sparebanken Møre Group’s products and services, which could expose the Issuer to 
liability and could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer is dependent on services provided by other Sparebanken Møre Group companies and its 
brand value 
The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sparebanken Møre. The Issuer does not have any employees of its 
own, and is thus dependent upon receiving labour force and services from Sparebanken Møre in order to carry 
on its daily business. The Issuer is also dependent on the “Sparebanken Møre” brand in its covered bond 
issuances and relies on the positive perception by investors of the brand. The Issuer will thus be dependent on 
the other Sparebanken Møre Group companies in order to succeed in its business. 
Should there be any disruptions and/or negative impact to any Sparebanken Møre Group companies and/or 
should the brand value of the Sparebanken Møre Group substantially deteriorate, this may have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations, as well as affecting the credit 
rating of the Issuer. 
RISK RELATING TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
The value of the Notes will be affected by market interest rates 
Investments in Fixed Rate Notes involve a risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Notes is fixed during the 
life of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital markets typically changes on a daily basis. As the

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
17 
 
 
market interest rate changes, the price of a Fixed Rate Notes also changes, but in the opposite direction. 
Consequently, if the market interest rate rises, the value of the Fixed Rate Notes declines accordingly. 
Investment in Floating Rate Notes is exposed to the risk of fluctuating reference rates such as the EURIBOR, 
STIBOR and NIBOR as applicable and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating reference rate levels make it 
impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate Notes in advance. Furthermore, where the Floating Rate 
Notes do not provide for a minimum rate of interest above zero per cent., investors may not receive any interest 
payments during one or more interest periods if the applicable reference rate decreases or increases to a certain 
level. 
Zero Coupon Notes do not pay current interest but are issued at a discount from their nominal value. The 
difference between the redemption price and the issue price constitutes interest income until maturity and 
reflects the market interest rate. Zero Coupon Notes are exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a 
result of changes in the market interest rate. The market values of Zero Coupon Notes tend to fluctuate more in 
relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, 
the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the 
interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest 
basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads 
on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time 
may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the 
fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Notes. 
Failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount upon maturity may lead to deferral of the 
Maturity Date 
Following the failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount of a Series of Notes on their Maturity 
Date, payment of such amounts shall be automatically deferred if the Final Terms for a relevant Series of Notes 
(the relevant Series of Notes) provides that such Notes are subject to an extended final maturity date to which 
the payment of all or (as applicable) part of the Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date will be 
deferred in the event that the Final Redemption Amount is not paid in full on the Maturity Date (the Extended 
Final Maturity Date). 
Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred automatically until the applicable Extended Final Maturity 
Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the 
Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the 
relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. 
The Issuer is not required to notify the Noteholders of such automatic deferral. The Extended Final Maturity 
Date will fall one year after the Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount and be 
payable on each Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Final 
Maturity Date. In these circumstances, failure by the Issuer to make payment in respect of the Final Redemption 
Amount on the Maturity Date shall not constitute a default in payment by the Issuer. However, failure by the 
Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount or the balance thereof on the Extended Final Maturity Date and/or 
interest on such amount on any Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the 
Extended Final Maturity Date shall constitute a default in payment by the Issuer.

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
18 
 
 
Furthermore, in relation to all amounts constituting accrued interest due and payable on each Interest Payment 
Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date, as provided in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may pay such interest pursuant to the Floating Rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms notwithstanding that the relevant Note was a Fixed Rate Note as at its relevant Issue Date. 
In addition, following deferral of the Maturity Date, the Interest Payment Dates and Interest Periods may change 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds of the Notes will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Series of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s 
intention to apply an amount equal to the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for Eligible Green 
Loans (as defined in “Use of Proceeds”) that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes and 
Notes issued thereunder to be referred to as Green Bonds, in line with the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework (as 
defined in “Use of Proceeds”) and/or which the Issuer expects will substantially adhere to the Green Bond 
Principles as published by the International Capital Markets Association from time to time (the Green Bond 
Principles).  
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in this Offering Circular and/or the 
applicable Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds together with any other investigation such 
investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer or any Dealer that the use of such 
proceeds for any Eligible Green Loans will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own 
by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the 
relevant Eligible Green Loans.  
While the Green Bond Principles do provide a high level framework, there is currently no market consensus on 
what precise attributes are required for a particular project or building to be defined as “green” (including, 
without limitation, the attributes defining a “green building”), and therefore no assurance can be given by the 
Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such amounts for the purposes of financing or refinancing Eligible Green 
Loans will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, green or 
sustainability impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Loans. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to 
what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or such other equivalent 
label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. A basis 
for the determination of such a definition has been established in the EU with the publica tion in the Official 
Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 18 June 2020 (the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation) on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy). On 21 April 2021, the European 
Commission approved the first delegated act and the Delegated Regulation supplementing Regulation (EU)

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
19 
 
 
2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council (the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act) was 
formally adopted on 4 June 2021. The EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act is aimed at supporting sustainable 
investment by making it clear which economic activities most contribute to the EU’s environmental objectives. 
The EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act sets out criteria for economic activities in the sectors that are most 
relevant for achieving climate neutrality and delivering on climate change adaptation. This includes sectors such 
as energy, forestry, manufacturing, transport and buildings. Criteria for other environmental objectives will 
follow in a later delegated act, in line with mandates in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation . While 
the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework is expected to be in alignment with the relevant objectives for the EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, until all criteria for such objectives have been developed and disclosed, it is not 
known whether the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, alignment with the 
EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, once the technical screening criteria are established, is not certain. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the eligibility criteria for Eligible 
Green Assets will satisfy any requisite criteria determined under the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation 
or within the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy at any time, or that any regime implemented in the United 
Kingdom (if any) for issuing ‘green’, ‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’ or other equivalently-labelled securities will 
align with the European (or any other) framework for such securities. The Dealers have not and will not be 
reviewing the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework. 
In addition, the requirements of any such definition may evolve from time to time, and, as such, no assurance is 
or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Loans  will 
meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green” or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Loans. 
The Issuer has published a framework relating to, among other things, an investment in Eligible Green Loans or 
the 
issuance 
of 
Green 
Bonds 
which 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website   
(https://www.sbm.no/upload_images/F8EE091833254EC58DB062BB6EB1B080.pdf ) and which may be 
amended or updated from time to time (the Green Bond Framework). Compliance with the Green Bond 
Framework is monitored by the Green Bond Committee, which is comprised by members of the executive 
management team of the CEO of Sparebanken Møre and senior officials within Sparebanken Møre’s 
sustainability, credit, funding, risk management and product development teams. The Green Bond Framework 
may be amended from time to time by the Green Bond Committee. The most recent version of the Green Bond 
Framework will be available on the Issuer’s website. For the avoidance of doubt, the Green Bond Framework is 
not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Offering Circular. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Green Loans  to 
fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such 
opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Offering 
Circular. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, 
the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is 
only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves 
the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of 
such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the providers of 
such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other 
person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own 
by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
Eligible Green Loans. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to 
trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or 
assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to 
trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to 
trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds. 
It is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, this Offering Circular and/or the

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
20 
 
 
applicable Final Terms. However, there can be no assurance that the use of proceeds of the relevant Green 
Bonds will be, or will be capable of being, applied in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with 
any timing schedule and that accordingly any proceeds of such Green Bonds will be totally or partially allocated 
for the specified purposes. None of the Dealers will assess, verify or monitor the application of the amount equal 
to the net proceeds of any Green Bonds issued under the Programme. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the 
proceeds of any Green Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its 
capital and other assets, and there will be no direct or contractual link between any Green Bonds and any 
Eligible Green Loans (or any other environmental or similar targets set by the Issuer) and consequently neither 
payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on, nor an investor’s right to accelerate repayment of, the 
Green Bonds shall depend on the performance of the relevant Green Loans or the performance of the Issuer in 
respect of any such environmental or similar targets. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Green 
Bonds to Eligible Green Loans and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or 
certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such 
opinion or certification is opining or certifying on or failure to obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, 
opinions and certifications and/or any Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading or displayed on 
any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid, and/or the fact that the maturity of an Eligible Green Loan 
may not match the minimum duration of any Green Bonds and/or or the failure by the Issuer to meet any other 
environmental or sustainability targets, will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer (or 
any Dealer); (ii) constitute a default of the Issuer for any purpose; or (iii) lead to a right or obligation of the 
Issuer to redeem such Green Bonds or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to 
exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Green Bonds or give any Noteholder the right to 
require redemption of its Notes. 
 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds for any Eligible Green Loans  as 
aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting 
that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is 
opining or certifying on and/or any such Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock 
exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Green Bonds 
and also potentially the value of any other Green Bonds which are intended to finance Eligible Green Loans  
and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be 
used for a particular purpose. In addition, as noted above, the Issuer’s Green Bonds may not meet any future 
definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, or market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or an 
equivalently-labelled asset, should such definition or consensus materialise. 
 
RISK RELATING TO NOTES GENERALLY 
The Cover Pool consists of limited assets 
The Cover Pool will consist of loans which are secured on residential property or on title documents relating to 
residential property, holiday homes, claims which the Issuer holds, or may acquire, against Covered Bond Swap 
Providers and certain substitute assets. All assets in the Cover Pool must comply with the terms of the Act and 
the Regulations. In particular, the Regulations determine maximum debt to value ratios of mortgages included in 
the Cover Pool (currently maximum debt is 75 per cent. of the prudent market value in the case of residential 
mortgages). At the date of this Offering Circular, the properties over which mortgages are created are located in 
Norway. The value of the Cover Pool may therefore decline in the event of a general downturn in the value of 
property in Norway. Investors will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the mortgage loans 
and other assets included in the Cover Pool and it is expected that the constitution of the Cover Pool will change 
from time to time. 
Overcollateralisation 
The Issuer has undertaken in Condition 2.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and 
Condition 2(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes to ensure that, for as long as any of the Notes is 
outstanding, the value of the Cover Pool shall at all times be at least 102 per cent. of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Covered Bonds and related Covered Bond Swaps (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable) having recourse to

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
21 
 
 
such Cover Pool. Such level of contractually agreed overcollateralisation will be subject to change in 
accordance with any higher level imposed by applicable Norwegian legislation from time to time. The Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes do not 
require the Issuer to increase the overcollateralisation of the Notes in the event that a rating agency requires an 
increase to maintain the applicable rating, and the Issuer cannot guarantee that a certain rating of the Notes will 
be maintained throughout the term of the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer does not commit to 
ensure that any specific rating of the Notes will be upheld until maturity. If a credit rating of the Notes changes 
during the term of the Notes, this may adversely affect the value of the Notes.  
No events of default 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer, the occurrence of which would entitle the Noteholders 
to accelerate the Notes and it is envisaged that Noteholders would only be paid the scheduled interest payments 
under the Notes as and when they fall due under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or 
the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as the case may be. The absence of any events of default from the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Note s may 
make it less likely that the Noteholders will recoup their investment in full on the Maturity Date, or the 
Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be, in the event that the Issuer experiences financial distress. 
Failure by the Issuer to meet applicable matching and overcollateralisation rules may affect the value and 
liquidity of the Notes 
The Act and the Regulations provide that holders of Covered Bonds have an exclusive and prioritised right of 
claim over a pool of certain security assets (the Cover Pool), on a pari passu basis between themselves and 
other holders of Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer and/or counterparties to derivative contracts relating to the 
Issuer’s Covered Bonds. The Act and Regulations require the value of the assets in the Cover Pool to at all times 
exceed the value of the claims on the Cover Pool. Furthermore, the Ministry of Finance is entitled under the Act 
to pass regulations stipulating how much higher the value of the Cover Pool must be compared to the value of 
the claims on the Cover Pool at any time (overcollateralisation). Section 11-7 of the Regulations currently 
requires the value of the assets in the Issuer’s Cover Pool to constitute a minimum of 102 per cent. of the total 
payable amount of the Issuer’s outstanding Covered Bonds having preferential claims against the Cover Pool 
(overcollateralisation). See “Summary of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds”. 
A breach of the matching and overcollateralisation requirements prior to public administration of t he Issuer in 
circumstances where no additional assets are available to the Issuer or the Issuer lacks the ability to acquire 
additional assets could result in the Issuer being unable to issue further Covered Bonds, which may prevent the 
refinancing of existing Covered Bonds and possibly reducing the liquidity of existing Covered Bonds. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes may be changed without the consent of Noteholders 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend 
and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes also provide that the Issuer and the Agent may, 
without the consent of holders of Notes other than VPS Notes, agree to any modification of the Notes other than 
VPS Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to 
correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. Any such modification 
shall be binding on the holders of Notes other than VPS Notes, the Couponholders as described in Condition of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
22 
 
 
The VPS Trustee Agreement (as defined below) provides that the Issuer and the VPS Trus tee may agree to 
amend the VPS Trustee Agreement or the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes without prior approval of the 
affected VPS Noteholders provided that: 
 
such amendment is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the affected VPS Noteholders in any 
material respect, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes; or 
 
such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, court ruling or a decision by a relevant 
authority. 
Subject to the above conditions being met, such modifications or amendments may be effectuated without the 
consent of a Noteholder, or against such Noteholder’s wishes.  
Depending on the nature of the relevant modification or amendment, any such modification or amendment could 
impact the market value of the Notes. 
Change of law may have an impact on the Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes are based on English law save for Condition 2 of 
such Conditions, which is governed by Norwegian law in effect as at the date of this Offering Circular. 
The Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes are based on English law, save for Conditions 2, 10, 11 and 12 of 
such Conditions, which are governed by Norwegian law. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any 
possible judicial decision or change to English law, Norwegian law or administrative practice in England or 
Norway after the date of this Offering Circular and any such change could materially and adversely impact the 
value of any Notes affected by it. See also the description of the proposed implementation of the EU Covered 
Bond Rules in “Summary of the Norwegian Legislation regarding Covered Bonds” below. 
Issuance of definitive notes which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum 
Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes 
be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that is 
not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
RISK RELATING TO THE REGULATORY, POLITICAL AND ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT OF 
THE ISSUER AND THE NOTES   
Regulatory changes may have an adverse impact on the Issuer and the Notes  
The Issuer’s business is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and supervision, 
all of which is subject to continuous development and updates. Overall there is a trend of increasing regulatory 
scrutiny of the financial service business within which the Issuer operates. In particular, Covid may lead the 
authorities to increase supervision and impose temporary and/or permanent restrictions on financial institutions, 
including the Issuer. Any significant regulatory development or increased supervision could have an adverse 
effect on how the Issuer conducts its business, the products and services it offers and the value of its assets. 
Further, such changes may result in increased compliance costs and may affect the Issuer’s results of operations.

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
23 
 
 
Noteholders are facing an exchange rate risk 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s  Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) 
the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the 
Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The Notes may not have established, or be able to develop, a trading market 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Other Regulatory Developments 
In Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere, there is significant focus on fostering greater financial stability through 
increased regulation of financial institutions and their corresponding capital and liquidity positions. This has 
resulted in a number of regulatory initiatives which are currently at various stages of implementation and which 
may have an impact on the regulatory position for certain investors in covered bond exposures and/or on the 
incentives for certain investors to hold covered bonds, and may thereby affect the liquidity of such securities. 
In particular, it should be noted that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) has approved 
significant changes to the Basel regulatory capital and liquidity framework (such changes being commonly 
referred to as Basel III (Basel III)). Basel III provides for a substantial strengthening of existing prudential 
rules, including new requirements intended to reinforce capital standards (with heightened requirements for 
global systemically important banks) and to establish a leverage ratio “backstop” for financial institutions and 
certain minimum liquidity standards (referred to as the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and the Net Stable 
Funding Ratio (NSFR)). BCBS member countries agreed to implement Basel III from 1 January 2013 and the 
second phase from 1 January 2022, subject to transitional and phase-in arrangements for certain requirements. In 
response to the COVID-19 pandemic (Covid), the Basel Committee decided to postpone the implementation 
deadline by one year to 1 January 2023, followed by a five-year phasing-in period of certain elements of the 
reform. As implementation of Basel III requires national legislation, the final rules and the timetable for its 
implementation in each jurisdiction, as well as the treatment of covered bonds (e.g. as LCR eligible assets or 
not), may be subject to some level of national variation. It should also be noted that changes to regulatory capital 
requirements have been made for insurance and reinsurance undertakings through participating jurisdiction 
initiatives, such as the Solvency II framework for Europe. 
On 17 December 2021, the Ministry of Finance published a legislative proposal on the implementation of the 
new EU Covered Bond Rules. The legislative proposal is based on a consultative paper published by the NFSA 
on 13 January 2020, and is intended to take effect no later than 8 July 2022.  Implementation of the new EU

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
24 
 
 
Covered Bonds Rules will impose new requirements on the Issuer such as, inter alia, a new liquidity buffer 
requirement of 180 days and objective requirements for exercise of extendable maturity (aka ‘soft bullet’) rights 
by the Issuer. 
It is uncertain whether the EU Covered Bond Rules will be implemented in the Norwegian legislation by 8 July 
2022. Certain regulations which are needed to complete the Norwegian implementation of the EU Covered 
Bond Rules are still outstanding. In addition, the EU Covered Bond Rules are not yet implemented in the EEA 
Agreement. If the EU Covered Bond Rules are not adopted in Norway simultaneously with the European Union, 
it may be difficult for Norwegian covered bond issuers, such as the Issuer, to issue covered bonds after 8 July 
2022. 
Currently, Norwegian covered bonds comply with Regulation (EU) 575/2013 and therefore qualify for a 10 per 
cent. risk weighting in eligible European jurisdictions. However, the Issuer cannot be certain as to how any of 
the regulatory developments described above will impact the treatment of the Notes. In particular, should the 
Norwegian implementation of the EU Covered Bond Rules not take effect by 8 July 2022, any Notes issued 
thereafter may not comply with the EU Covered Bond Rules, until such time as the implementation takes effect. 
Prospective investors should therefore make themselves aware of the requirements described above (and any 
corresponding implementing rules of their regulator), where applicable to them, in addition to any other 
applicable regulatory requirements with respect to their investment in the Notes. No predictions can be made as 
to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or otherwise. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes linked 
to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR) 
are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Floating Rate Notes 
linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. 
Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have 
the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
25 
 
 
Specifically, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Separately, in 2019, a Norwegian working group on alternative reference rates in NOK started its work with 
exploring an alternative reference rate and consequences of a discontinuation of NIBOR. In 2019, it 
recommended a modified NOWA as the alternative reference rate for NIBOR, which from 1 January 2020 has 
been administered by the Norwegian Central Bank (Norges Bank). The working group continued its work 
through 2020 by establishing two subgroups comprising a group for market standards and fallback provisions 
and a group for exploring the establishment of an Overnight Index Swap (OIS) market in NOK. On 28 
September 2020, the working group published a consultation paper on fall back provisions and term and spread 
adjustments between NIBOR and NOWA upon a discontinuation of NIBOR. The consultation paper was 
updated by the working group in November 2021. Subsequently, in December 2021, the working group 
published guidelines on the use of NOWA in financial contracts and as a fallback solution. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks (including EURIBOR, 
NIBOR and STIBOR): (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to 
the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a 
benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and 
Condition of the VPS Notes, as the case may be, provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any rate of interest (or any component 
part thereof) remains to be determined by such Original Reference Rate.  
If the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph occur and Reference Rate Replacement is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the rate of interest is to be determined (any such Notes, Relevant Notes ), 
such fallback arrangements will include the possibility that: 
(a) 
the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the case 
may be, determined by reference to a successor reference rate or an alternative reference rate 
(as applicable) determined by an Independent Adviser or, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to make s uch 
determination, the Issuer; and 
(b) 
such successor reference rate or alternative reference rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if 
required) by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in order to reduce 
or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice 
or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant 
benchmark, 
in any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described more fully in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Relevant Notes. 
In addition, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) may also determine (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that other amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Relevant Notes are necessary in order to follow market practice in relation to the relevant successor reference 
rate or alternative reference rate (as applicable) and to ensure the proper operation of the relevant successor 
reference rate or alternative reference rate (as applicable).  
No consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant 
successor reference rate or alternative reference rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or 
amendments described above.

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
26 
 
 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed 
rate for Floating Rate Notes (including Notes where the Extended Maturity Interest Provisions are Floating 
Rate) based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of successor reference rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Relevant 
Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any 
relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes 
(including Notes where the Extended Maturity Interest Provisions are Floating Rate) or could have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes  (including 
Notes where the Extended Maturity Interest Provisions are Floating Rate). Investors should note that, in the case 
of Relevant Notes, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) will have discretion to adjust 
the relevant successor reference rate or alternative reference rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described 
above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance 
that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment will b e favourable to each 
Noteholder.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
The following documents, which have previously been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext 
Dublin, shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Offering Circular: 
(a) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 together 
with the independent auditors’ report thereon (which can be viewed online at  
https://www.sbm.no/download?objectPath=/upload_images/163CA3EFDD0245C78C20E10A6652818
C.pdf);  
(b) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 together 
with the independent auditors’ report thereon (which can be viewed online at 
https://rapporter.sbm.no////upload_images/AD029B4C58994577BD50492C55C73A29.pdf);  
(c) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” (pages 29-44 inclusive) and 
“Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” (pages 45-59 inclusive) set out in the Offering Circular 
relating to the Programme dated 26 March 2013 (which can be viewed online at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Offering_Circular_-_More_Boligkreditt_AS_-
_26_March_201_55632b0c-46aa-4da1-aba4-cd83d4735688.PDF);  
(d) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” (pages 30-45 inclusive) and 
“Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” (pages 46-60 inclusive) set out in the Offering Circular 
relating to the Programme dated 6 March 2014 (which can be viewed online at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/FINAL_-_MBK_OC_2014_d8ba9210-eadc-4bb9-9d57-
f35ec03e855b.PDF);   
(e) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” (pages 29-44 inclusive) and 
“Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” (pages 45-60 inclusive) set out in the Offering Circular 
relating to the Programme dated 10 March 2016 (which can be viewed online at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Prospectus_-_2016_7a9c1d1c-7c29-4290-9f81-
1dccd103a470.PDF);    
(f) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” (pages 31-46 inclusive) and 
“Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” (pages 47-62 inclusive) set out in the Offering Circular 
relating to the Programme dated 16 March 2017 (which can be viewed online at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/More_Boligkreditt_Offering_Circular_2017_-_Final_8a15de84-
15a8-48c9-b2df-d63e57af2865.PDF);  
(g) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” (pages 31-46 inclusive) and 
“Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” (pages 47-62 inclusive) set out in the Offering Circular 
relating to the Programme dated 7 March 2018 (which can be viewed online at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Final_Offering_Circular_-_MBK_2018_78c0588a-fa54-4489-
bfa0-5994f0b5fb32.PDF);  
(h) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” (pages 32-50 inclusive) and 
“Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” (pages 51-69 inclusive) set out in the Offering Circular 
relating to the Programme dated 4 March 2019 (which can be viewed online at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_268a9596-4dc3-4783-a453-
90eeb11f7434.PDF);  
(i) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” (pages 35-53 inclusive) and 
“Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” (pages 54-72 inclusive) set out in the Offering Circular 
relating to the Programme dated 3 March 2020 (which can be viewed online at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_1108abe7-780c-4be5-9686-
a700be13c923.pdf); and 
(j) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” (pages 39-58 inclusive) and 
“Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” (pages 59-78 inclusive) set out in the Offering Circular 
relating to the Programme dated 26 February 2021 (which can be viewed online at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_cb7e83c5-2e86-
4752-bc9e-5676d3db1827.pdf).  
Following the publication of this Offering Circular a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by 
the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in 
any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by referenc e therein) shall, to the extent

--- Page 28 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
 
 
28 
 
 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Offering Circular or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Offering 
Circular. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a 
part of this Offering Circular. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular shall not form part of this Offering Circular. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either not relevant for an investor or are 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Offering Circular. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Offering Circular which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Offering Circular or publish a new Offering Circular for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
 
Form of the Notes 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons and/or talons attached 
or, in the case of VPS Notes, uncertificated book entry form. 
NOTES (OTHER THAN VPS NOTES) 
Each Tranche of Notes other than VPS Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a 
temporary global note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
permanent global note (a Permanent Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream 
Banking SA (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other agreed clearing system. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will also 
indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the 
relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in 
NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners 
of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the 
certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, interests 
in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein either 
for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) definitive Notes of the same Series with, 
where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case 
against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given. 
The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in 
whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached upon 
either (a) not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) to the Agent as described therein or (b) 
only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) the Issuer 
has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or 
(ii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the

--- Page 30 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
30 
 
 
Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
and Condition 9 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any 
holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and, in 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (ii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to 
the Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of 
the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The exchange upon notice or the exchange at any time upon an Exchange Event should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Notes are issued in denominations comprising a minimum Specified Denomination (such as 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency)) plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller 
amount (such as €1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency)). Furthermore, such Specified Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and interest coupons 
relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due 
and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount 
due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then the Global Note will become 
void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day.  At the same time, holders of interests in such Global Note 
credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become 
entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 26 
February 2021 and executed by the Issuer. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes”), 
the Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series 
with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN 
assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and 
form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
VPS NOTES 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form.  Legal title t o 
the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of Euronext VPS.  On the issue of such VPS 
Notes, the Issuer will send a letter to the VPS Trustee, with copies sent to the VPS Agent (the VPS Letter), 
which letter will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form of the Final Terms attached 
thereto.  On delivery of a copy of such VPS Letter including the applicable Final Terms to Euronext VPS and 
notification to Euronext VPS of the subscribers and their VPS account details by the relevant Dealer, the 
account operator acting on behalf of the Issuer will credit each subscribing account holder with Euronext VPS 
with a nominal amount of VPS Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS will take place two Oslo 
business days after the date of the relevant transaction.  Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS Notes will 
only take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euronext VPS. 
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for bearer Notes and vice versa. 
GENERAL 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euronext VPS shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 31 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
31 
 
 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event a supplement to the Offering Circular or a new Offering Circular will be 
made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
Applicable Final Terms 
 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target marke t 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only (ECPs) target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Not es is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
(ECPs) target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended) (MiFID II); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-
advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients 
are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution 
services][, subject to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market

--- Page 33 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
 
 
 
 
33 
 
 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as 
defined below). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as 
amended) (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.][Include unless 
the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.][Include unless the 
Final Terms specified “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”] 
[Date] 
Møre Boligkreditt AS 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5967007LIEEXZX4U7426 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes] [the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] set forth in the Offering Circular 
dated 22 February 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) (the Offering 
Circular). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular in order to obtain all the 
relevant information.  The Offering Circular has been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc 
trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) at https://live.euronext.com. The Final Terms are available for 
viewing at the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes] [the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] (the Conditions ) set forth in the 
Offering Circular dated [original date] which are incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular dated 
[current date].  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the Offering 
Circular dated [current date] [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Offering Circular), including the 
Conditions incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular, in order to obtain all the relevant information.  
The Offering Circular has been published on website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
(Euronext Dublin) at https://live.euronext.com. The Final Terms are available for viewing at the website of 
Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com.]

--- Page 34 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
 
 
 
 
34 
 
 
  
1. 
Issuer: 
Møre Boligkreditt AS 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [ ] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 21 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [ ]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[ ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [ ]] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form.) 
[ ] 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[ ][Issue Date][Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[ ]/Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[]] 
9. 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[ ]/Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[  ]; in each case falling one year after the 
Maturity Date] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[ ] month [[Sterling/Euro/Swiss Franc] 
EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] +/- [ ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] [Zero Coupon] 
 
(see paragraph 15/16/17 below) 
11. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable/cross refer to paragraph 10 
above or paragraphs 15 and 16 below] 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(see paragraph 18/19 below)] 
14. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[ ] [and [ ], respectively]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date  
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[          ] in each year up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date

--- Page 35 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
 
 
 
 
35 
 
 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate 
of Interest and Interest Amount (if not 
the Agent): 
[[ ] shall be the Calculation Agent][Not 
Applicable] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[    ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] 
 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
 
Reset Date: 
[ ] 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360

--- Page 36 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
 
 
 
 
36 
 
 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
 
19. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount:  
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at 
any time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at an y 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book entry 
form] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable][ ]

--- Page 37 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
 
 
 
 
37 
 
 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[[      ] has been extracted from [       ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [     ], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] [Not Applicable] 
Signed on behalf of Møre Boligkreditt AS: 
By:..................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 38 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
 
 
 
 
38 
 
 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be [admitted to trading 
on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market and 
listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin] / 
[admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange's 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II] 
with effect from [    ].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the [Euronext Dublin Regulated 
Market and listed on the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin)] / [Oslo Stock Exchange's regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II] with effect 
from [       ].] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[ ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
[ ] by [ ]: 
[Each of] [defined term(s)] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended).] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has been previously 
published by the rating provider.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General Business Purposes /Green Bonds/Give 
details] 
(ii) 
Estimate net proceeds: 
[ ] 
5. 
YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[ ] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the

--- Page 39 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
 
 
 
 
39 
 
 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(iv) 
FISN: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
[Verdipapirsentralen, Norway 
VPS Identification number [ ] 
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from 
the register maintained by Euronext VPS for the 
purposes of performing its obligations under the VPS 
Notes] 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ ][Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7. 
TEFRA RULES 
Whether TEFRA D or TEFRA C rules 
applicable or TEFRA rules not applicable: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
8. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
 
              Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged"

--- Page 40 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
 
 
 
 
40 
 
 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes which will be incorporated 
by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if 
permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note.  Reference should be made 
to “Form of the Notes” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms 
are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
The Notes are covered bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) issued by Møre Boligkreditt AS (the Issuer) in 
accordance with lov  10 april 2015 nr. 17 om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksloven) (the Act) and 
Forskrift 9. desember 2016 nr. 1502 om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksforskriften)  (the 
Regulations). 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Agency Agreement 
(as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency Agreement 
(such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 26 February 2021 and made between the Issuer, and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as 
issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Agent, which expression shall include any successor 
agent) and any other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the Paying Agents, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached 
to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions).  References to the 
applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when issued 
in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached 
on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed 
to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of Notes and shall, in 
relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to 
Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include 
the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects (including as to 
listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or 
Issue Prices. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant  (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restricted from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 26 
February 2021 and made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary 
for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents.  If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin), the applicable 
Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com. The Noteholders 
and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the

--- Page 42 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
42 
 
 
Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  The 
statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, 
the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the  currency 
(the Specified Currency) and the denomination(s) (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery.  The Issuer and the 
Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or 
Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the 
case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking SA (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person (other 
than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying 
Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to 
the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the 
bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of 
such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global 
Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND OVERCOLLATERALISATION 
2.1 
Status of the Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes will constitute unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
rank pari passu among themselves and with (i) all other outstanding unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer that have been provided equivalent priority of claim to the Cover Pool as covered bonds 
(obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) issued in accordance with the terms of the Act and the Regulations and 
(ii) the rights of providers of Covered Bond Swaps. 
2.2 
Overcollateralisation 
For so long as any of the Notes is outstanding, the value (as calculated in accordance with the Act and 
the Regulations) of the Cover Pool (as defined below) entered into the Register (as defined below) with 
respect to the Notes shall at all times be a minimum of 102 per cent. of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Covered Bonds and the Issuer’s obligations under Covered Bond Swaps having recourse 
to such Cover Pool, provided that to the extent a higher level of minimum overcollateralisation is

--- Page 43 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
43 
 
 
stipulated in any applicable legislation from time to time, such level of overcollateralisation shall be the 
minimum level required to be maintained by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 2.2. 
3. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes 
or Zero Coupon Notes. 
3.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Int erest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying 
the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3.1: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and

--- Page 44 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
44 
 
 
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
3.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such 
interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 3.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means a day which is: 
i. 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre (other than 
TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 45 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
45 
 
 
ii. 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; 
and 
iii. 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (if other than London and any Additional Business Centre and 
which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be 
Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a 
day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any).  For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as 
published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; (together, the ISDA 
Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms;                              
and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is as the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either the Euro-zone 
interbank offered rate (EURIBOR), the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR) or the 
Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR), as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time, in the case of EURIBOR, or Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR) or 12.00 p.m. 
(Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or

--- Page 46 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
46 
 
 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Agent.  If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only o f 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 3.2(b)(ii)(A), no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 3.2(b)(ii)(B)), fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Agent shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Agent 
with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent determin es as 
being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Agent by 
the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks  were offered, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate by leading banks in the  Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR), the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the 
Swedish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Agent with 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Agent 
it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR), the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the 
Swedish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in  the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.

--- Page 47 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
47 
 
 
(d) 
Reference Rate Replacement 
If:  
(i) 
Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable 
and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable; 
and 
(ii) 
notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 3.2(b)(ii), the Agent (in consultation with the 
Issuer) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or 
component thereof) remains to be determined by reference to the relevant Original Reference 
Rate,  
then the following provisions shall apply to the Notes:    
(A) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine: 
(1) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or  
(2) 
if such Independent Adviser fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, an 
Alternative Reference Rate,  
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) no later than five Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period (the IA Determination Cut-off Date), 
for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next 
Interest Period and for all other future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 3.2(d) during any other future Interest Period(s)); 
(B) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine: 
(1) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or  
(2) 
if the Issuer fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate, 
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) no later than three Business Days prior to the 
Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period (the Issuer Determination 
Cut-off Date), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for 
such next Interest Period and for all other future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 3.2(d) during any other future Interest Period(s)). Without 
prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any Alternative Reference 
Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into account any relevant and 
applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant associations 
involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt 
capital markets; 
(C) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in accordance 
with this Condition 3.2(d): 
(1) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be 
the Reference Rate for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation 
of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3.2(d)); 
(2) 
if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable): 
(x) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and 
determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3.2(d)); or

--- Page 48 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
48 
 
 
(y) 
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, an Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment 
Spread for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3.2(d)); and 
(3) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion specify: 
(x) 
changes to these Conditions in order to follow market practice in relation to 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), including, but not limited to (i) the Additional Business 
Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, 
Interest Determination Date, Reference Banks, Specified Time and/or 
Relevant Screen Page applicable to the Notes and (ii) the method for 
determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest in relation to the Notes if 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
is not available; and 
(y) 
any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to ensure the proper 
operation and comparability to the relevant Original Reference Rate of such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 3.2(d)); and 
(4) 
promptly following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and the determination of 
(i) any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and 
(ii) if applicable, any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of 
any changes (and the effective date thereof) pursuant to Condition 3.2(d)(C)(3) to the 
Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) as described in this Condition 3.2(d) or 
such other relevant changes pursuant to Condition 3.2(d)(C)(3), including for the execution of any 
documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties to the Agency Agreement (if 
required). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3.2(d) shall act in good faith and (in the 
absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Agent or the Noteholders for any 
determination made pursuant to this Condition 3.2(d). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is not 
determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 3.2(d) prior to the relevant Issuer Determination 
Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period shall be determined by reference to 
the fallback provisions of Condition 3.2(b)(ii). 
In the Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, which the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines is required to be applied to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
relevant Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate for which no such recommendation has been made 
or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage 
in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the relevant Original

--- Page 49 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
49 
 
 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the relevant Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in its discretion determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate;  
Alternative Reference Rate means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in 
the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest in 
respect of notes denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant 
Interest Periods, or, if such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its 
discretion is most comparable to the relevant Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
such Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered; or  
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing such Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Original Reference 
Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (ii)(A); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (iv)(A); or 
(v) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate that means such Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case 
on or before a specified date and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date 
referred to in (v)(A); or 
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the Agent, the 
Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due to be made to the Noteholders using 
such Original Reference Rate; or 
(vii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or 
may no longer be used; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
3.2(d); 
Original Reference Rate means:  
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purposes of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the 
Notes; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been determined in 
relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of 
Condition 3.2(d); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
such Original Reference Rate; or

--- Page 50 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
50 
 
 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, 
(b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof;  
and 
Successor Reference Rate means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.  
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.   
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate 
Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the a mounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 








 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;

--- Page 51 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
51 
 
 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 








 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 








 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation  
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating 
Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are

--- Page 52 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
52 
 
 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 11 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such 
amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11.  For the 
purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3.2, whether by 
the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, 
manifest error or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the 
Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
3.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only  of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue 
until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
4.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of 
the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments in respect of principal and interest on the Notes will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or 
other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 6 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements

--- Page 53 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
53 
 
 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
4.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) b e made in the 
manner provided in Condition 4.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, 
the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the 
sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will 
be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6 below) in respect of 
such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 7) or, 
if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no 
event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes due 
and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in 
respect thereof.  A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on 
issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable 
thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date 
on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal 
amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
4.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes and 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, as the 
case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States.  
A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any Global Note, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note by 
the Paying Agent to which it was presented and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the 
payment in question has been made. 
4.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note.

--- Page 54 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
54 
 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in 
U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal 
and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
4.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Da y, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 7) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
 
applicable Final Terms;  
(iii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
4.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(b) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(c) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 5.6); 
and 
(d) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
5.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If an Extended Final Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for a Series of Notes 
and the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in the 
Final Terms, then (subject as provided below) payment of the unpaid amount by the Issuer shall be 
deferred until the Extended Final Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing the Final 
Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any

--- Page 55 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
55 
 
 
Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity 
Date. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Rating Agencies, any relevant Swap Provider and the Agent as soon as 
reasonably practicable and in any event at least 4 Business Days in London prior to the Maturity Date 
of any inability of the Issuer to pay in full the Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Series of Notes 
on that Maturity Date.  Any failure by the Issuer to notify such parties (other than the Agent) shall not 
affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party. 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a relevant Series of Notes provides that such Notes are subject to 
an Extended Final Maturity Date, such failure to pay by the Issuer on the Maturity Date shall not 
constitute a default in payment. 
5.2 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then 
outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at 
their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection 
Date).  In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of 
such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 11 below not less than 15 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption.  No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted 
during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 5.2 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 below at least 5 days prior to the Selection Date. 
5.3 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 below not less than the minimum period nor 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon 
the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling 
within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the 
holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to 
which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory 
to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its 
order or under its control.   
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the h older of this 
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given 
on their instruction by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global

--- Page 56 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
56 
 
 
Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Agent for 
notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 5.3 shall be 
irrevocable. 
5.4 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at 
any price in the open market or otherwise.  All Notes so purchased will be surrendered to a Paying 
Agent for cancellation. 
5.5 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled 
and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 5.4 above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or 
resold. 
5.6 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to Conditions 5.1, 5.2 or 5.3 above is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
y
AY)
 
 
(1
 
 
RP
 
 



 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year 
consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption (or as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) actual/365 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
6. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer 
will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law.  If such withholding or deduction is required by law 
neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the 
Noteholders.   
As used herein: 
Tax Jurisdiction means Norway or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax (in the case of payments by the Issuer); and 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount 
of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means 
the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11.

--- Page 57 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
57 
 
 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in 
the case of principal) and 5 years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 6) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 4.2 or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 4.2. 
8. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may 
reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
9. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below.  If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying 
Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 4.4.  Any variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency or of a Paying Agent failing to 
become or ceasing to be a participating foreign financial institution for the purposes of the Code, when 
it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall 
have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders.  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is 
merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its 
assets to become the successor paying agent. 
10. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 7. 
11. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London.  It is expected that any such publication in 
a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London.  The Issuer shall also ensure that notices 
are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to 
trading.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or,

--- Page 58 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
58 
 
 
where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all 
required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in 
addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another 
relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will 
be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules.  
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second day after 
the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent.  Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the 
Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose. 
12. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification 
of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  Such a meeting may be 
convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders 
holding not less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining 
outstanding.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons 
(including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, 
reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes  or 
altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not 
less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.  An Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether 
or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
of a formal, minor or technical nature or is, in the opinion of the Issuer, made to correct a manifest or 
proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
13. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon  and the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
14. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 59 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
59 
 
 
15. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
15.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons (and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the 
Notes and the Coupons) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save 
as to Condition 2 (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it) which is 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
15.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 15.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any 
dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons (a Dispute) and all Disputes 
will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 15.2, each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or 
Couponholders taking proceedings in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the 
English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle 
any Dispute. 
(c) 
This Condition 15.2(c) is for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders only.  To 
the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any 
Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) 
concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
15.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints DNB Bank ASA at its registered office at 25 Walbrook, London, 
EC4N 8AF as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to 
any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of DNB Bank ASA being unable or unwilling for any reason 
so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent 
for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to 
serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
16. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Conditions the following words shall have the following meanings: 
Cover Pool means assets of the Issuer falling within the requirements of Section 11-8 of the Act, 
Section 11-4 of the Regulations and otherwise as set out in the Act and Regulations from time to time 
(other than any such asset in respect of which an amount has become due and payable to the Issuer, and 
such amount is not paid within 90 days of becoming due and payable); 
Covered Bond Swaps means the Issuer’s obligations under the Swaps and any other derivative 
instruments entered into by the Issuer in connection with the Covered Bonds; 
Covered Bonds means the Notes and any other covered bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) issued 
by the Issuer in accordance with the Act; 
Currency Swap means each currency swap which enables the Issuer to hedge currency risks arising 
from (a) Covered Bonds which are issued in currencies other than NOK and (b) assets (other than 
loans) which are registered to the Cover Pool and are denominated in currencies other than NOK; 
Currency Swap Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and confirmation(s) (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Currency Swap(s) entered into from time 
to time between the Issuer and each Currency Swap Provider; 
Currency Swap Provider means any counterparty in its capacity as currency swap provider under a 
Currency Swap Agreement; 
Interest Rate Swap means each single currency interest rate swap which enables the Issuer to h edge 
the Issuer’s interest rate risks in NOK and/or other currencies to the extent that they have not been 
hedged by a Currency Swap;

--- Page 60 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
60 
 
 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and confirmation(s) (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Interest Rate Swap(s) entered into from 
time to time between the Issuer and each Interest Rate Swap Provider; 
Interest Rate Swap Provider means any counterparty in its capacity as interest rate swap provider 
under an Interest Rate Swap Agreement; 
Rating Agencies means Moody’s Investor Service Limited or any other rating agency that rates any or 
all of the Issuer’s covered bonds (including Notes issued under the Programme), including in each case 
its successor;  
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the 
principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Norwegian inter-bank market and, in the case of a 
determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the Swedish inter-
bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Register means the register of Covered Bonds required to be maintained pursuant to the Act and 
Regulations; 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR or 
Stockholm time, in the case of a determination of STIBOR) or 12.00 p.m. (Oslo time, in the case of a 
determination of NIBOR); 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (the first person) at any particular time, any other person 
(the second person): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first person controls or has power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first person; and 
Swap Providers means each Currency Swap Provider and each Interest Rate Swap Provider.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical 
note or document of title other than a statement of account made by Euronext VPS. Ownership of VPS Notes 
will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and register maintained by Euronext 
VPS. 
Reference should be made to “Form of the Notes” for a description of the content of the Final Terms which will 
specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant VPS Notes. 
The VPS Notes are covered bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) issued by Møre Boligkreditt AS (the Issuer) 
in accordance with lov 10. april 2015 nr. 17 om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksloven) (the Act) 
and Forskrift 9. desember 2016 nr. 1502 om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksforskriften)  (the 
Regulations).   
Each VPS Note will be one of a Series (as defined below) of notes issued by the Issuer under the Programme 
and each VPS Note will be issued in accordance with and subject to an agreement (such agreement as modified 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the VPS Agency Agreement) dated 23 December 2008 
made between the Issuer and Sparebanken Møre (the VPS Agent). 
References herein to the VPS Notes shall be references to the VPS Notes of this Series and shall mean notes 
settled through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, (Verdipapirsentralen) (trading as Euronext 
Securities Oslo) (VPS Notes and Euronext VPS, respectively). 
The VPS Notes will have the benefit of a trust agreement (such trust agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the VPS Trustee Agreement) dated 5 February 2021  made 
between the Issuer and Nordic Trustee AS (the VPS Trustee, which expression shall include any successor as 
VPS Trustee). 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be created and held in uncertificated book entry form in accounts with 
Euronext VPS. The VPS Agent will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with Euronext VPS in 
respect of VPS Notes as detailed in the VPS Agency Agreement. 
The Final Terms of each Tranche of VPS Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
Final Terms which complete these Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes (the VPS Conditions).  References 
to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) which 
complete these VPS Conditions. 
The VPS Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the VPS Notes (the VPS Noteholders 
and the holders of VPS Notes), in accordance with the provisions of the VPS Trustee Agreement and these VPS 
Conditions. 
As used herein, Tranche means VPS Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of VPS Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of VPS Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the VPS Agency Agreement and the VPS Trustee Agreement are available for inspection during 
normal business hours at the specified office for the time being of the VPS Agent and at the registered office of 
the VPS Trustee (being, as at 22 February 2022, at Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1, 0160, Oslo, Norway). 
The VPS Noteholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
VPS Agency Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement and the Final Terms which are applicable to them. The 
statements in these Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the VPS Agency Agreement and the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the VPS Trustee Agreement, VPS Agency Agreement or used in the 
applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these VPS Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the VPS 
Trustee Agreement and the VPS Agency Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement will prevail, and in the event 
of inconsistency between the VPS Trustee Agreement or the VPS Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail.

--- Page 62 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
62 
 
 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The VPS Notes are in uncertificated book entry form in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the 
denomination(s) (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
VPS Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes, VPS or otherwise, of 
another Specified Denomination.  VPS Notes will be registered with a separate securities identification 
code in Euronext VPS. 
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for Notes other than VPS Notes, issued by the Issuer, and vice versa. 
A VPS Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
The holder of a VPS Note will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of 
Euronext VPS.  The Issuer and the VPS Trustee may rely on a certificate of Euronext VPS or one 
issued on behalf of Euronext VPS by an account-carrying institution as to a particular person being a 
VPS Noteholder. 
Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in Euronext VPS between the direct or indirect 
accountholders at Euronext VPS in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS that are 
in force from time to time.  Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the 
holder of the relevant VPS Note. 
Each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euronext VPS as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such VPS Notes shall be 
treated by the Issuer, the VPS Trustee and the VPS Agent, as the holder of such nominal amount of 
such VPS Notes for all purposes.  VPS Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euronext VPS. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE VPS NOTES AND OVERCOLLATERALISATION 
(a) 
Status of the VPS Notes 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will constitute unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
and will rank pari passu among themselves and with (i) all other outstanding unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer that have been provided equivalent priority of claim to the Cover Pool as 
covered bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) issued in accordance with the terms of the Act and the 
Regulations and (ii) the rights of providers of Covered Bond Swaps. 
(b) 
Overcollateralisation 
For so long as any of the VPS Notes is outstanding, the value (as calculated in accordance with the Act 
and the Regulations) of the Cover Pool (as defined below) entered into the Register (as defined below) 
with respect to the VPS Notes shall at all times be a minimum of 102 per cent. of the outstanding 
principal amount of the Covered Bonds and the Issuer’s obligations under the Covered Bond Swaps 
having recourse to such Cover Pool, provided that to the extent a higher level of minimum 
overcollateralisation is stipulated in any applicable legislation from time to time, such level of 
overcollateralisation shall be the minimum level required to be maintained by the Issuer pursuant to 
this Condition 2(b). 
3. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the VPS Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate 
Notes or Zero Coupon Notes. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note will bear interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be 
payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount 
to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified.

--- Page 63 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
63 
 
 
As used in these VPS Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum 
by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
In these VPS Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on 
either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding

--- Page 64 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
64 
 
 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these VPS Conditions, 
Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month on which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
3(b)(i)(B) above the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the 
case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month 
and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) 
above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) 
each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls in the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment 
Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these VPS Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and any Additional Business Centre (other than 
TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; 
and 
(C) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (if other than London and any Additional Business Centre and 
which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be 
Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a 
day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any).  For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA 
Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be

--- Page 65 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
65 
 
 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes or (ii) if “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes; (together, the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is as the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either the 
Euro-zone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR), the Norwegian interbank offered rate 
(NIBOR) or the Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, or Stockholm 
time, in the case of STIBOR) or 12.00 p.m. (Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  If five 
or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 
3(b)(ii)(B)(1), no offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 
3(b)(ii)(B)(2)), fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the 
Specified Time, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the

--- Page 66 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
66 
 
 
rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation 
Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the Swedish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
STIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of 
the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any 
one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable 
for the purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Norwegian 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the Swedish inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin 
(if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this paragraph (iii) is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this paragraph (iii) is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Reference Rate Replacement 
If:  
(i) 
Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable; and 
(ii) 
notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 3(b)(ii)(B), the Calculation Agent (in 
consultation with the Issuer) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred when 
any Rate of Interest (or component thereof) remains to be determined by reference to 
the relevant Original Reference Rate,  
then the following provisions shall apply to the VPS Notes:    
(A) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to 
determine: 
(1) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or  
(2) 
if such Independent Adviser fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, 
an Alternative Reference Rate,  
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) no later than five Business Days prior to the 
Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period (the IA Determination

--- Page 67 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
67 
 
 
Cut-off Date), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
VPS Notes for such next Interest Period and for all other future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(b)(iv) during any other future 
Interest Period(s)); 
(B) 
if the Issuer if unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine: 
(1) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or  
(2) 
if the Issuer fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate, 
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) no later than three Business Days prior 
to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period (the Issuer 
Determination Cut-off Date), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the VPS Notes for such next Interest Period and for all other future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(b)(iv) during 
any other future Interest Period(s)). Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the 
purposes of determining any Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment 
Spread, the Issuer will take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents 
as well as any published guidance from relevant associations involved in the 
establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital 
markets; 
(C) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) in accordance with this Condition 3(b)(iv): 
(1) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
shall be the Reference Rate for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3(b)(iv)); 
(2) 
if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable): 
(x) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall 
be applied to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
3(b)(iv)); or 
(y) 
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, an Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
3.2(d)); and 
(3) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion specify: 
(x) 
changes to these Conditions in order to follow market practice in relation 
to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), including, but not limited to (i) the Additional Business 
Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, 
Interest Determination Date, Reference Banks, Additional Financial 
Centre(s) and/or Relevant Screen Page applicable to the VPS Notes and 
(ii) the method for determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest in 
relation to the VPS Notes if such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is not available; and

--- Page 68 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
68 
 
 
(y) 
any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to ensure the proper 
operation and comparability to the relevant Original Reference Rate of 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), 
which changes shall apply to the VPS Notes for all future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(b)(iv)); and 
(4) 
promptly following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and the determination 
of (i) any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and (ii) if applicable, any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall give 
notice thereof and of any changes (and the effective date thereof) pursuant to 
Condition 3(b)(iv)(C)(3) to the Calculation Agent, the VPS Agent and the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9. 
No consent of the VPS Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) as described in this 
Condition 3(b)(iv) or such other relevant changes pursuant to Condition 3(b)(iv)(C)(3), 
including for the execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any 
of the parties to the VPS Agency Agreement (if required). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3(b)(iv) shall act in good faith 
and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Agent or the 
Noteholders for any determination made pursuant to this Condition 3(b)(iv). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is 
not determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 3(b)(iv) prior to the relevant Issuer 
Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period shall be 
determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 3(b)(ii)(B). 
In the Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines is required to be applied to a Successor Reference Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) 
to VPS Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate 
with such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference 
Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(2) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate for which no such recommendation has 
been made or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the relevant Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the relevant Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable); or 
(3) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the relevant 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in its discretion determines (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate;  
Alternative Reference Rate means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining floating rates of interest in respect of notes denominated in the Specified 
Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Periods, or, if such Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion is most comparable to the  
relevant Original Reference Rate;

--- Page 69 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
69 
 
 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(1) 
such Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days 
or ceasing to exist or be administered; or  
(2) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing 
such Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such 
Original Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (ii)(A); or 
(3) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(4) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate will, 
on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the 
date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (iv)(A); or 
(5) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate that means such Original Reference 
Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (B) the date 
falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (5)(A); or   
(6) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Agent, the Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
VPS Noteholder using such Original Reference Rate; or 
(7) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 3(b)(iv); 
Original Reference Rate means:  
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified  
for 
the 
purposes of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or  
any relevant component part(s) 
thereof) on the VPS Notes; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been 
 
determined in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to 
 
the operation of Condition 3(b)(iv); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of such Original Reference Rate; or 
(2) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such 
Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such Original Reference 
Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Reference Rate means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement of the relevant Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.  
(iii) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts

--- Page 70 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
70 
 
 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the  Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on 
the Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest 
Period.  Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each 
Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of 
any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period: 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 








 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 








 
where:

--- Page 71 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
71 
 
 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D 2 
will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 








 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(iv) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if 
the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts

--- Page 72 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
72 
 
 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the VPS 
Agent, the VPS Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are 
for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice 
thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 10 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for 
the time being listed and to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 10.  For the 
purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in London.  The notification of any rate or amount, if applicable, shall be mad e to 
Euronext VPS in accordance with and subject to the Euronext VPS rules and regulations for 
the time being in effect. 
(vi) 
Determination or Calculation by the VPS Trustee 
If for any reason at any relevant time the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to 
determine the Rate of Interest, the VPS Trustee shall determine the Rate of Interest at such 
rate as, in its absolute discretion (having such regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition, but subject always to any Minimum Rate of Interest or 
Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms), it shall deem fair and 
reasonable in all the circumstances or, as the case may be, the VPS Trustee shall calculate the 
Interest Amount(s) in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances 
and each such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3, by the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on all parties and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability shall 
attach to the Calculation Agent or the VPS Trustee (if applicable) in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Accrual of interest 
Each VPS Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a VPS Note, that part only of such 
VPS Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due 
presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest 
will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such VPS Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
VPS Note has been received by the VPS Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9. 
(d) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them in respect of the VPS Notes and for so long as any VPS Note is outstanding (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement).  Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the VPS 
Notes, references in these VPS Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the VPS Conditions.  If the Calculation Agent 
is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of 
Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the 
Issuer shall (with the prior approval of the VPS Trustee) appoint a leading bank or investment banking 
firm engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index 
options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in

--- Page 73 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
73 
 
 
such market) to act as such in its place.  The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments in respect of principal and interest on the VPS Notes will be subject in all cases to (i) any 
fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 6 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto.   
(b) 
Payments in respect of VPS Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes and notification thereof to VPS Noteholders 
will be made to the VPS Noteholders shown in the records of Euronext VPS and will be effected 
through and in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from time to time governing 
Euronext VPS.  The VPS Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any VPS Noteholder.  The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time with the approval of the VPS Trustee to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the VPS Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other agents, 
provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a VPS Agent authorised to act as an account 
operating institution with Euronext VPS, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the VPS 
Conditions so require, and (iii) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on 
which the VPS Notes may be listed in each case. 
Notice of any such change or of any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9. 
(c) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any VPS Note is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant payment due until the next following Payment 
Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any such delay.  For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 7) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
London; and 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(C) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the 
place of presentation, London and any Additional Financial Centre and which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Melbourne or Wellington,

--- Page 74 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
74 
 
 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 
System is open. 
(d) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these VPS Conditions to principal in respect of the VPS Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(ii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the VPS Notes; 
(iii) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 5(f)); 
and 
(iv) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the VPS Notes. 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each VPS Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If an Extended Final Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for a Series of Notes 
and the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in the 
Final Terms, then (subject as provided below) payment of the unpaid amount by the Issuer shall be 
deferred until the Extended Final Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing the Final 
Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any 
Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity 
Date. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Rating Agencies and the VPS Trustee, the VPS Agent and any relevant 
Swap Provider as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least 4 business days in London 
prior to the Maturity Date of any inability of the Issuer to pay in full the Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of a Series of Notes on that Maturity Date.  Any failure by the Issuer to notify such parties 
(other than the VPS Agent) shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to 
any rights in any such party. 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a relevant Series of Notes provides that such VPS Notes are 
subject to an Extended Final Maturity Date, such failure to pay by the Issuer on the Maturity Date shall 
not constitute a default in payment. 
(b) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum notice period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified 
in the applicable Final Terms to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9 (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the 
VPS Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a nominal 
amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not more than a Maximum Redemption 
Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  In the cas e of a partial 
redemption of VPS Notes, the VPS Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed VPS Notes) will be selected in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS in the relation to such VPS Notes, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the 
Selection Date). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the VPS Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
VPS Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 9 not less than the minimum notice period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such VPS Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
75 
 
 
Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of the VPS Notes, the holder of the VPS Notes must, within 
the notice period, give notice (the Put Notice) to the VPS Agent of such exercise in accordance with 
the standard procedures of Euronext VPS from time to time. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any VPS Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable. 
(d) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase VPS Notes at any price in the open 
market or otherwise. 
(e) 
Cancellation 
All VPS Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be cancelled by 
causing such VPS Notes to be deleted from the records of Euronext VPS. 
All VPS Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled in the same manner.  Any VPS Notes 
so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such VPS 
Notes shall be discharged. 
(f) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to paragraph 5(a), 5(b) or 5(c) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
y
AY)
 
 
(1
 
 
RP
 
Amount 
 
Face
 
Amortised



 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year 
consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption (or as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) actual/365 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
6. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the VPS Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be 
made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Norway or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. If such withholding or deduction is required by law neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall 
be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the VPS Noteholders.   
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The VPS Notes will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case 
of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 15) 
therefor. 
8. 
TRANSFER AND EXCHANGE OF VPS NOTES 
(a) 
Transfers of Interests in VPS Notes

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
76 
 
 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes will take place two Oslo Business 
Days after the date of the relevant transaction.  VPS Notes may be transferred between accountholders 
at Euronext VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the time being, of Euronext 
VPS.  A transfer of VPS Notes which is held in Euronext VPS through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is only possible by using an account operator linked to Euronext VPS. 
(b) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of VPS Notes under Condition 5, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any VPS Note, or part of a VPS Note, called for partial redemption. 
(c) 
Costs of registration and administration of the VPS Register 
VPS Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration, 
transfer or administration in relation to the VPS Register, except for any costs or expenses of delivery 
other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum 
sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to 
the registration. 
9. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the VPS Noteholders shall be valid if the relevant notice is given to Euronext VPS for 
communication by it to the VPS Noteholders and, so long as the VPS Notes  are listed on a stock 
exchange, the Issuer shall ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of such exchange.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date two days after 
delivery to Euronext VPS. 
10. 
MEETINGS OF VPS NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
Provisions with respect to Holders of VPS Notes 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the VPS Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including sanctioning by a majority of votes (as more fully 
set out in the VPS Trustee Agreement) a modification of the VPS Notes or any of the provisions of the 
VPS Trustee Agreement (or, in certain cases, sanctioning by a majority of two thirds of votes).  Such a 
meeting may be convened by the VPS Trustee at the request of the Issuer, the regulated market where 
the VPS Notes have been admitted to trading, VPS Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. of 
the Voting VPS Notes (as such term is defined in the VPS Trustee Agreement), or the VPS Trustee 
itself.  
The quorum for meetings of the VPS Noteholders is one or more persons holding or representing at 
least 50 per cent. of the Voting VPS Notes, or at any adjourned meeting, one or more persons holding 
or representing Voting VPS Notes whatever the nominal amount of the Voting VPS Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the VPS Notes or the VPS Trustee Agreement (including modifying the date of maturity 
of the VPS Notes or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the VPS Notes or altering the currency of payment 
of the VPS Notes), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two -
thirds of the Voting VPS Notes, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or 
representing Voting VPS Notes whatever the nominal amount of the Voting VPS Notes so held or 
represented. A resolution passed at any meeting of the VPS Noteholders shall be binding on all the 
VPS Noteholders, whether or not they are present at such meeting. 
Modification 
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that in order to make the following amendments, a majority of at 
least two-thirds of the votes cast in respect of Voting VPS Notes is required: 
(i) 
modification of the Maturity Date of the VPS Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or reduction or cancellation of the nominal amount payable upon maturity; 
(ii) 
reduction or calculation of the amount payable, or modification of the payment date in respect 
of any interest in relation to the VPS Notes or variation of the method of calculating the rate of 
interest in respect of the VPS Notes; 
(iii) 
reduction of any Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
77 
 
 
(iv) 
modification of the currency in which payments under the VPS Notes are to be made; 
(v) 
any alteration of Clause 4.1(f) of the VPS Trustee Agreement (which sets out the matters for 
which a majority of two-thirds of votes is required), including modification of the majority 
required to pass a resolution of any matters listed in these paragraphs (i)-(vii); 
(vi) 
the transfer of rights and obligations under the VPS Conditions and the VPS Trustee 
Agreement to another Issuer; and/or 
(vii) 
a change of VPS Trustee;  
save as set out above, the VPS Trustee, without providing prior written notice to, or consultation with, 
the VPS Noteholders may make decisions binding on all VPS Noteholders relating to the VPS 
Conditions and the VPS Trustee Agreement provided that such decision is either (x) not detrimental to 
the rights and benefits of the affected VPS Noteholders in any material respect, (y) made solely for the 
purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes, or (z) required to be made by applicable law, court 
ruling or other administrative decision. The VPS Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the VPS 
Noteholders of any proposal to make such amendments, setting out the date from which the 
amendment will be effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary. 
11. 
VPS TRUSTEE 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the VPS Trustee and for its 
relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified 
and/or secured to its satisfaction.  VPS Noteholders are deemed to have accepted and will be bound by 
the Conditions and the terms of the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
12. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the VPS Noteholders to create 
and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the VPS Notes or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which 
interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding VPS Notes. 
13. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of this VPS Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
14. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law 
The VPS Notes (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the VPS 
Notes) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save as to Conditions 
2, 10, 11 and 12 (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such 
conditions) which are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Norwegian law.  The 
VPS Trustee Agreement and VPS Agency Agreement are governed by and shall be construed in 
accordance with Norwegian law. 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 on Central Securities 
Depositories, as amended from time to time, and the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights 
and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under this Act and any related regulations 
and legislation. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(i) 
Subject to Condition 14(b)(iii) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes, including any dispute as to 
their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes (a Dispute) and all Disputes will be 
submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 14(b), each of the Issuer and any holders of VPS Notes  or 
Couponholders taking proceedings in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
78 
 
 
English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle 
any Dispute. 
(iii) 
This Condition 14(b)(iii) is for the benefit of the holders of VPS Notes only.  To the extent 
allowed by law, the holders of VPS Notes may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) 
proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any 
number of jurisdictions. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints DNB Bank ASA at its registered office at 25 Walbrook, London, 
EC4N 8AF as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to 
any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of DNB Bank ASA being unable or unwilling for any reason 
so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in 
respect of any Proceedings.  The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process 
will not invalidate service.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other 
manner permitted by law. 
15. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these VPS Conditions the following words shall have the following meanings: 
Agency Agreement means an agency agreement dated 26 February 2021 between the Issuer and the 
agents named therein, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time; 
Calculation Agency Agreement in relation to any Series of VPS Notes means an agreement in or 
substantially in the form of Schedule 1 to the Agency Agreement; 
Calculation Agent means, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series, the person appointed as 
calculation agent in relation to the VPS Notes by the Issuer pursuant to the provisions of a Calculation 
Agency Agreement (or any other agreement) and shall include any successor calculation agent 
appointed in respect of the VPS Notes; 
Covered Bond Swaps means the Issuer’s obligations under the Swaps and any other derivative 
instruments entered into by the Issuer in connection with the Covered Bonds; 
Covered Bonds means the Notes and any other covered bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) issued 
by the Issuer in accordance with the Act; 
Cover Pool means assets of the Issuer falling within the requirements of Section 11-8 of the Act, 
Section 11-4 of the Regulations and otherwise as set out in the Act and Regulations from time to time 
(other than any such asset in respect of which an amount has become due and payable to the Issuer, and 
such amount is not paid within 90 days of becoming due and payable); 
Currency Swap means each currency swap which enables the Issuer to hedge currency risks arising 
from (a) Covered Bonds which are issued in currencies other than NOK and (b) assets (other than 
loans) which are registered to the Cover Pool and are denominated in currencies other than NOK; 
Currency Swap Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and confirmation(s) (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Currency Swap(s) entered into from time 
to time between the Issuer and each Currency Swap Provider; 
Currency Swap Provider means any counterparty in its capacity as currency swap provider under a 
Currency Swap Agreement; 
euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty; 
Exchange means, for the purpose of these VPS Conditions, the securities exchange or other reputable 
marketplace for securities, on which the VPS Notes are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for 
listing of the VPS Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Extended Final Maturity Date means, in relation to any Series of Notes, the date if any specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms to which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of the Final 
Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date will be deferred in the event that the Final 
Redemption Amount is not paid in full on the Maturity Date;

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
79 
 
 
Fixed Rate Note means a VPS Note on which interest is calculated at a fixed rate payable in arrear on 
one or more Interest Payment Dates in each year as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Floating Rate Note means a VPS Note on which interest is calculated at a floating rate, payable in 
arrear on one or more Interest Payment Dates in each year as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Interest Commencement Date means, in the case of interest bearing VPS Notes, the date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms from and including which the VPS Notes bear interest, which may or may 
not be the Issue Date; 
Interest Rate Swap means each single currency interest rate swap which enables the Issuer to hedge  
the Issuer’s interest rate risks in NOK and/or other currencies to the extent that they have not been 
hedged by a Currency Swap; 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and confirmation(s) (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Interest Rate Swap(s) entered into from 
time to time between the Issuer and each Interest Rate Swap Provider; 
Interest Rate Swap Provider means any counterparty in its capacity as interest rate swap provider 
under an Interest Rate Swap Agreement; 
Issue Date means, in respect of any VPS Note, the date of issue of the VPS Note; 
Oslo Business Days means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Oslo; 
outstanding means, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series, all the VPS Notes issued other than: 
(a) 
those Notes which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to the Conditions; 
(b) 
those Notes in respect of which the date for redemption in accordance with the Conditions has 
occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) accrued to the date for 
redemption and any interest (if any) payable under the Conditions after that date) have been 
duly paid to or to the order of the VPS Agent in the manner provided in these Conditions and 
the VPS Agency Agreement (and where appropriate notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions) and remain available for payment of the 
relevant Notes; 
(c) 
those Notes which have been purchased and cancelled in accordance with the Conditions; and 
(d) 
those Notes in respect of which claims have become prescribed under the Conditions; 
Rating Agencies means Moody’s Investor Service Limited or any other rating agency that rates any or 
all of the Issuer’s covered bonds (including Notes issued under the Programme) including in each case 
its successor; 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the 
principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Norwegian inter-bank market and, in the case of a 
determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the Swedish inter-
bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Register means the register of Covered Bonds required to be maintained pursuant to the Act and 
Regulations; 
Relevant Date means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the 
date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly 
given to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9; 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR or 
Stockholm time, in the case of a determination of STIBOR) or 12.00 p.m. (Oslo time, in the case of a 
determination of NIBOR);

--- Page 80 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
 
 
 
 
80 
 
 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (the first person) at any particular time, any other person 
(the second person): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first person controls or has power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first person;  
Swap Providers means each Currency Swap Provider and each Interest Rate Swap Provider; and 
Treaty means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
applied/allocated by the Issuer as follows: 
(a) 
where “General Business Purposes” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, for its general business 
purposes; or 
(b) 
where “Green Bonds” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to finance or re-finance, in whole or in 
part, Eligible Green Loans pursuant to a framework relating to investments in Eligible Green Loans or 
the issuance of Green Bonds which at such time has been published by the Issuer and made available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.sbm.no/upload_images/F8EE091833254EC58DB062BB6EB1B080.pdf) and which is in 
effect at the time of issuance of the Green Bonds (the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework).  
“Eligible Green Loans” are loans and investments within the Green Loan categories and will be set out in the 
Issuer’s Green Bond Framework (available on the Issuer’s website at the address above). Such Green Loan 
categories are outlined in the Green Bond Framework (available on the Issuer’s website at the address above) 
and currently include loans to finance and/or refinance new or existing energy efficient residential buildings in 
Norway. 
Sustainalytics (an independent provider of research-based evaluations of green financing frameworks to 
determine their environmental robustness) has evaluated the Green Bond Framework and issued a second party 
opinion on the Green Bond Framework verifying its credibility, impact and alignment with the Green Bond 
Principles. 
The 
second-party 
opinion 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
at 
https://www.sbm.no/upload_images/61DA48C41E3B4F87AD8C02A072623D50.pdf. 
The Issuer strives to monitor the development of the green bond markets to continually advance the sustainable 
terms of the Green Bond Framework. Accordingly, the Green Bond Framework may be updated from time to 
time to reflect current market practices or to include other assets that promote climate -friendly and/or other 
environmental or social purposes. The amended Green Bond Framework would be subject to the relevant 
internal and external review processes and a new second-party opinion on the Green Bond Framework would be 
obtained in connection with any such amendment. Noteholders would not be entitled to vote on such cases. Any 
amendments to the Green Bond Framework and any new second-party opinion on the Green Bond Framework 
will be published and will be available on the Issuer's website at the address above.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
Summary of the Norwegian Legislation regarding Covered Bonds 
(Obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett)  
The following is a brief summary of certain features of Norwegian law governing the issuance of covered bonds 
in Norway, at the date of this Offering Circular.  The summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete 
description of all aspects of the Norwegian legislative and regulatory framework pertaining to covered bonds. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the main legislation which governs covered bonds is set out in Chapter 
11, Subsection II of the Norwegian Financial Undertakings Act of 10 April 2015 (finansforetaksloven) (the Act) 
and Chapter 11, Subsection I of the Norwegian Regulations on Financial Undertakings of 9 December 2016 
issued by the Ministry of Finance (finansforetaksforskriften) (the Regulations, and together with the Act, the 
Legislation). 
On 17 December 2021, the Ministry of Finance published a legislative proposal on the implementation of the 
EU Covered Bond Rules. The legislative proposal is based on a consultative paper published by the NFSA on 13 
January 2020, and is intended to take effect no later than 8 July 2022. Implementation of the EU Covered Bond 
Rules will impose new requirements on the Issuer such as, inter alia, a new liquidity buffer requirement of 180 
days and objective requirements for exercise of extendable maturity (aka ‘soft bullet’) rights by the Issuer. It is 
uncertain whether the EU Covered Bond Rules will be implemented in Norwegian legislation by 8 July 2022. 
Certain regulations which are needed to complete the Norwegian implementation of the EU Covered Bond 
Rules are still outstanding. In addition, the EU Covered Bond Rules is not yet implemented in the EEA 
Agreement. 
LEGISLATION 
Under the Legislation, certain Norwegian credit institutions which meet the general definitions of a “Financial 
Undertaking” (finansforetak) and “Credit Institution” (kredittforetak) contained in the Act, and whose articles of 
association comply with prescribed mandatory requirements may issue covered bonds (obligasjoner med 
fortrinnsrett).  The Act defines Credit Institutions as non-banking Financial Undertakings who receive repayable 
funds other than deposits from the public and grant commercial credits and guarantees in its own name.  Credit 
Institutions must hold a license issued by the Ministry of Finance (or pursuant to delegation, by the NFSA) in 
order to conduct business as a Credit Institution. However, they are not required to obtain any specific 
governmental licence or approval in order to issue covered bonds, save that they must notify the NFSA no less 
than 30 days in advance of their first issuance of covered bonds.  The Issuer is a “kredittforetak”, as defined by 
the Act, has received the required Credit Institution licence, and has adapted its articles of association to meet 
the mandatory requirements, and consequently may issue covered bonds. 
The Legislation provides that holders of covered bonds (and also counterparties under derivative contracts 
entered into for hedging purposes in relation to the covered bonds) have an exclusive and prioritised right of 
claim, on a pari passu basis between themselves and the counterparties under derivative agreements relating to 
the covered bonds, over a pool of certain security assets (the Cover Pool).  Under Norwegian law, an issuer of 
bonds, such as an issuer of covered bonds, must register the bonds in paperless book entry form by registration 
in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading under Euronext Securities 
Oslo) (Euronext VPS) or another securities registry which is properly authorised or recognised by the NFSA as 
being entitled to register such bonds pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014, unless such bonds are either (i) 
denominated in NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway to non-Norwegian tax residents only, or (ii) 
denominated in a currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway. 
In the legislative proposal, the Ministry of Finance introduced the term covered bond programmes (OMF-
programmer), in line with Article 19(1) of the Covered Bond Directive. The Ministry of Finance proposes that 
each covered bond programme will need to be approved by the NFSA, notwithstanding the relevant covered 
bond issuer’s existing license as a covered bond-issuing Credit Institution. 
In addition, Article 17 of the Covered Bond Directive requires that the exercise of any extendable maturity 
triggers in covered bonds (aka ‘soft bullet’ rights) must be subject to objective triggers specified in national law, 
and must not be at the discretion of the Credit Institution issuing the covered bonds. The Ministry of Finance has 
not yet determined the objective triggers to apply in the Norwegian legislation, but has stated that this will be set 
out in regulations closer to the implementation date and will be based on what is perceived as the commo n 
standard in Europe.

--- Page 83 ---
Møre Boligkreditt AS  
 
 
 
 
83 
 
 
THE REGISTER 
The Credit Institution must maintain a register (the Register) of the issued covered bonds, the related derivative 
agreements, and the Cover Pool pertaining to such covered bonds and derivative agreements. In accordance with 
the Legislation, a Credit Institution may establish a separate Register for the issue of covered bonds relating to a 
different Cover Pool. If there is more than one Cover Pool, the Credit Institution must identify which Cover 
Pool a covered bondholder will hold a preferential claim against. Where a Credit Institution has made two or 
more issues of covered bonds which have a preferential claim against different Cover Pools, substitute assets 
shall be held in separate accounts for each Cover Pool. 
Each Register relating to a Cover Pool must at all times contain detailed information on, amongst other things, 
the assets included in the Cover Pool, and the covered bonds and derivative agreements associated with the 
Cover Pool.  Consequently, each Register must be updated on a regular basis to include any changes in relevant 
information. 
Such registration is not in itself conclusive evidence of the contents of the Cover Pool pertaining to the covered 
bonds, but shall, according to the preparatory works to the Norwegian covered bond legislation, serve as strong 
evidence. 
BENEFIT OF A PRIORITISED CLAIM 
Pursuant to the Act, if a Credit Institution which has issued covered bonds is placed under public administration 
or is liquidated, the holders of covered bonds issued by the Credit Institution and the counterparties to relevant 
derivative agreements entered into by the Credit Institution will have an exclusive, equal and pro rata prioritised 
claim against the Cover Pool.  The prioritised claims will rank ahead of all other claims, save for claims relating 
to the fees and expenses of the administration board.  According to the provisions of section 6-4 of the 
Norwegian Liens Act of 1980 and section 11-15 of the Act, a future administration board of the Credit 
Institution will have a first priority lien over all of the assets included in the Cover Pool, as security for fees and 
expenses incurred by the administration board in connection with the administration of the Credit Institution. 
Such statutory lien will rank ahead of the claims of holders of covered bonds and of the counterparties to the 
relevant derivative agreements, but will, however, be limited to 700 times the standard Norwegian court fee 
(which currently equals NOK 856,100) in respect of each Cover Pool. Payment of expenses for operation, 
management, recovery and realisation of the Cover Pool may also be demanded before the covered bondholders 
and counterparties to related derivative agreements receive payment from the Cover Pool. 
By virtue of the priority established by the Act, claims of the holders of covered bonds and of the counterparties 
to the relevant derivative agreements against a Credit Institution which has issued covered bonds will rank 
ahead of claims of all other creditors of the Credit Institution with respect to the Cover Pool (save for the 
priority described above granted to an administration board in respect of fees and expenses).  The preferential 
claims shall also apply to funds which are subsequently remitted in accordance with terms of contract applying 
to assets included in the Cover Pool, provided that certain administrative procedures have been complied with. 
Pursuant to the Act, loans and receivables included in the Cover Pool may not be assigned, pledged, or made 
subject to any set-off, attachment, execution or other enforcement proceedings.  However, an exemption 
regarding the prohibition against set-off has been made in relation to derivative agreements, as further described 
in the Regulations. 
COVER POOL — COMPOSITION OF ASSETS 
Pursuant to the Act, the Cover Pool may only consist of certain assets, including loans secured by various types 
of mortgages (Mortgages), loans granted to or guaranteed by certain governmental bodies (Government 
Loans), receivables in the form of certain derivative agreements and supplemental assets. 
The Mortgages may include residential mortgages, mortgages over other title documents relating to residences 
(together with the former, Residential Mortgages) and mortgages over other real property (Commercial 
Mortgages).  The real property and the registered assets which serve as security for the loans included in the 
Cover Pool must be located in a member state of either the EEA or the Organisation for Economic Co-operation 
and Development (OECD). 
Government Loans must be either guaranteed or issued by governmental bodies which, in addition to belonging 
to a member state of either the EEA or the OECD, must meet certain additional requirements under the 
Regulations. 
Supplemental assets may only consist of particularly liquid and secure claims, and are as a main rule subject to a 
limit of 20 per cent. of the total value of the Cover Pool, see below.  However, under certain circumstances, and 
for a limited period of time only, the NFSA may approve an increase in the mentioned limit to 30 per cent. of

--- Page 84 ---
Møre Boligkreditt AS  
 
 
 
 
84 
 
 
the total value of the Cover Pool.  The supplemental assets must also meet certain risk category requirements 
under the Regulations in order to be included among the assets which form the basis for the value calculation o f 
the Cover Pool. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Cover Pool supporting the Notes issued under the Programme do not contain 
any non-compliant asset-backed securities as outlined in the European Central Bank’s Guideline on the 
implementation of the Eurosystem monetary policy framework (recast) (ECB/2014/60).  
LOAN TO VALUE RATIOS (AND OTHER RESTRICTIONS) 
Pursuant to the Regulations, when calculating the value of the Cover Pool assets consisting of loans secured by 
Mortgages, the following loan to value requirements apply to Cover Pool assets consisting of loans secured by 
Mortgages: 
(1) 
Loans secured by Residential Mortgages shall not exceed 75 per cent. of the value of the property; and 
(2) 
Loans secured by Commercial Mortgages shall not exceed 60 per cent. of the value of the property. 
Should a loan secured by Mortgages exceed the relevant ratio, only the part of the loan that falls within the 
permitted limit may be included in the Cover Pool.  
There is no restriction with regard to the proportion of the Cover Pool which may be represented by Residential 
Mortgages or Commercial Mortgages.  According to the Act, the value of supplemental assets may not exceed 
20 per cent. of the value of the Cover Pool.  According to the Regulations, the proportion of the Cover Pool 
represented by Government Loans and receivables in the form of derivative agreements may vary, depending on 
the risk category pertaining to the relevant assets. 
Additional provisions regarding quantitative and qualitative requirements placed on the assets forming part of 
the Cover Pool are set out in the Regulations.  In order to qualify for inclusion in the Cover Pool all legislative 
requirements must be met.  However, if the Cover Pool assets at a later stage cease to meet the requirements of 
the Act and/or the Regulations in relation to ratios, risk categories or proportion limits, such assets may 
nevertheless form part of the Cover Pool, but will be excluded from the calculation (which is required by the 
Act and described below) of the value of the Cover Pool. 
Article 129(1) of Regulation (EU) 575/2013, as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/2160, allows for inclusion of 
Residential Mortgages with a loan to value ratio up to 80 per cent. The Ministry of Finance proposed to amend 
the Act accordingly, so that the maximum loan to value ratio for loans secured by Residential Mortgages shall 
increase from 75 per cent. to 80 per cent. 
OVERCOLLATERALISATION AND VALUATIONS 
The Legislation requires that the value of the Cover Pool at all times must exceed by at least 2 per cent. the 
aggregate value of the covered bonds issued by the Credit Institution (taking into account the effects of relevant 
derivative contracts). 
The calculation of the value of the Cover Pool assets consisting of loans secured by Mortgages is required to be 
made on a prudent basis, and such prudent value may not exceed the market value of each individual asset.  The 
estimation of the value is required to be made by a competent and independent person (i.e. a person without 
involvement in the credit granting process) and be documented, and such documentation is required to include 
information on who performed the calculation and the principles on which the calculation was based.  The value 
of residential real property may, however, be based on generally applicable price levels, when this is considered 
justifiable based on the market situation. 
Defaulted loans shall be disregarded for purposes of the valuation, and loans provided to one single customer or 
secured by the same real estate property shall never count in excess of 5 per cent. of the aggregate balance of a 
cover pool. 
The value of derivative agreements and substitute assets included in the Cover Pool shall be set to by calculating 
the prudent market value of such assets, and in some cases by calculating the discounted present value of the 
asset. The NFSA may impose rules about the discount interest to be applied. 
BALANCE AND LIQUIDITY REQUIREMENTS 
In order to ensure compliance with the above mentioned overcollateralisation requirement, each Credit 
Institution issuing covered bonds is required to establish systems for continued control of the development of 
the value of the Cover Pool assets, and to monitor the development of the relevant market situations.  If 
developments in the market situation or in the situation pertaining to individual assets so warrants, the Credit 
Institution is required to ensure that a renewed calculation of the value is performed.

--- Page 85 ---
Møre Boligkreditt AS  
 
 
 
 
85 
 
 
The Act requires that the Credit Institution ensures that the cash flow from the Cover Pool at all times is 
sufficient to enable the Credit Institution to discharge its payment obligations towards the holders of covered 
bonds and counterparties under relevant derivative agreements.  The Credit Institution must also establish a 
liquidity reserve which shall be included in the Cover Pool and must also determine a reasonable limit to its 
interest rate risk exposure based on its equity and subordinated capital and potential losses in connection with 
changes in applicable interest rates. The limit shall apply in relation to each Cover Pool and to the Credit 
Institution as a whole. The ratio for each Cover Pool shall not exceed the level of interest rate risk applicable to 
the Credit Institution as a whole. 
The Covered Bond Directive contains a more specific liquidity requirement (a liquidity buffer) than the current 
requirements under the Norwegian covered bond legislation, which does not specify the size of the liquidity 
reserve. According to Article 16(2) of the Covered Bond Directive, the Issuer’s liquidity reserves must cover net 
outflow for the next 180 days for every covered bond programme. The Ministry of Finance therefore suggests to 
use the designation “liquidity buffer” instead of “liquidity reserve” in accordance with the Covered Bond 
Directive. Furthermore, the Credit Institution is required to maintain liquid assets exceeding projected net 
liquidity outflows over a period of 30 days under stressed conditions under Regulation (EU) 2015/61 (the LCR 
Regulation). The Ministry of Finance has proposed that the liquidity coverage requirement under the LCR 
Regulation should be coordinated with the liquidity buffer in the Covered Bond Directive, to avoid “double 
liquidity”. 
INSPECTOR (COVER POOL MONITOR) 
An independent inspector (Inspector) shall be appointed by the NFSA prior to a Credit Institution issuing any 
covered bonds.  The Inspector is required to monitor the Register, and shall review the Issuer’s compliance with 
the Act’s provisions relating to the Register, including those which govern the composition and the balance of 
the Cover Pool. 
The Credit Institution is required to give the Inspector all relevant information pertaining to its business.  The 
Inspector must be granted access to the Register, and may also request additional information.  The Inspector 
may perform inspections of the Credit Institution, and shall at least every three months determine if the 
requirements of sections 11-11 and 11-13 of the Act are complied with.  Furthermore, the Inspector shall submit 
annual reports of observations and assessments to the NFSA. 
In connection with the Norwegian implementation of the EU Covered Bond Rules, the Ministry of Finance 
proposes to change the term “Inspector” to “Cover Pool Monitor”. Furthermore, the Ministry of Finance 
proposes that the Credit Institution itself appoint the Cover Pool Monitor, instead of the NFSA.  
Article 13(3) of the Covered Bond Directive does not allow a covered bond issuer’s external auditor to be 
appointed as Cover Pool Monitor and the Ministry of Finance proposed an amendment to reflect this. The 
Ministry of Finance also proposed to expand the scope of the conditions to be monitored by the Cover Pool 
Monitor, including liquidity buffer and investor information requirements and segregation of the cover pool. 
COVER POOL ADMINISTRATION IN THE EVENT OF PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION AND 
WINDING-UP OF THE ISSUER 
Credit Institutions experiencing financial difficulties may be placed under public administration if the conditions 
for resolution are otherwise met but the Ministry of Finance does not consider that resolution would be in the 
public interest. Public administration entails that the institution's former governing bodies are replaced by an 
administration board (the Board) which assumes control over the institution. The Board’s main task will be to 
liquidate the institution and distribute its assets to the creditors. 
Public administration of the Credit Institution does not in itself give the institution’s creditors the right to 
accelerate their claims. 
If a Credit Institution which has issued covered bonds is placed under public administration pursuant to the Act, 
and the Cover Pool meets the requirements of the Act and the Regulations, the Board shall ensure that, to the 
extent possible, the holders of covered bonds and counterparties to relevant derivative agreements receive timely 
payment of their respective claims, such payments being made from the Cover Pool for the duration of the 
administration of the Credit Institution. 
If the Board is unable to make timely payments to the covered bondholders or the counterparties to relevant 
derivative agreements, the Board must set a date for halt to payments, and inform interested parties of this as 
soon as possible.  If halt to payments is initiated, the further administration of the Credit Institution will be 
conducted in accordance with general Norwegian bankruptcy legislation.  The covered bondholders and 
counterparties to relevant derivative agreements will in such event continue to have a prioritised claim against

--- Page 86 ---
Møre Boligkreditt AS  
 
 
 
 
86 
 
 
the Cover Pool.  Any residual claims of the covered bondholders and counterparties to related derivative 
agreements will remain valid claims against the Credit Institution, but will rank pari passu with other unsecured 
and unsubordinated creditors of the Credit Institution.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
 
Møre Boligkreditt AS 
 
The Issuer is Møre Boligkreditt AS.  The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sparebanken Møre 
(Sparebanken Møre or the Bank). 
The Issuer is a limited company incorporated under the laws of Norway. The Issuer was incorporated in Norway 
on 25 September 2001 under the name Marine Capital Management AS. On 16 October 2008, the Issuer's name 
was changed to Møre Boligkreditt AS. The Issuer’s organisation number is 884 031 222, its registered office 
address is Keiser Wilhelmsgate 29-33, 6001 Ålesund, Norway and its telephone number is +47 70 11 30 00. On 
6 November 2008 the Issuer’s articles of association were approved by the NFSA to enable the Issuer to issue 
Covered Bonds in accordance with applicable legislation. 
The Issuer’s objective is to grant and/or acquire residential mortgages, commercial mortgages, loans secured by 
a mortgage on registered real capital assets or public loans, and to finance its lending activity mainly through the 
issue of covered bonds. 
The Issuer arranges the purchase and transfer of mortgages from Sparebanken Møre and markets the Notes to 
prospective investors. 
Operations 
Mortgages are issued by Sparebanken Møre.  To obtain a mortgage, prospective borrowers must, together with a 
retail relationship manager, complete an application form which includes providing certain information about 
themselves, such as household income, current employment details, bank account information, current mortgage 
information (if any) and certain other personal information.  Information on prospective borrowers’ income is 
obtained from the public tax register, and through a credit bureau (Bisnode) search which details public 
information such as any economic related country court judgments and bankruptcy. Information on the 
prospective borrower’s outstanding, unsecured debt is obtained from the Norwegian debt information company 
Gjeldsregisteret AS. An internal credit score is also generated by an automated system in respect of each 
applicant to assist in the process of their credit application. 
Transfer and servicing of loans 
General 
The guidelines adopted by the Issuer’s board of directors (the Issuer's Board) with respect to the eligibility of 
loans for transfer and the transfer procedure are set out in the Issuer’s Credit Risk Strategy (the Credit Risk 
Strategy).  Eligible loans are assets which are eligible for inclusion in the Cover Pool, as determined by the Act 
and Regulations and the Credit Risk Strategy (such eligible loans being Eligible Loans).  The Credit Risk 
Strategy contains the strategy and framework for the credit risk area, and sets targets for the risk level adapted to 
Sparebanken Møre's solidity and profitability.  The Credit Risk Strategy specifies guidelines for the acquisition 
of mortgages from Sparebanken Møre (requirements relating to the loans, the customers and the collateral in 
question), the monitoring reporting of credit risk and any other criteria the Issuer's Board may, from time to 
time, think necessary.  
Transfer and Servicing Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into a transfer and servicing agreement dated 23 December 2008 with Sparebanken Møre 
to purchase and transfer Eligible Loans from Sparebanken Møre to the Issuer (as amended, the Transfer and 
Servicing Agreement).  On 4 November 2020, the Transfer and Servicing Agreement was updated to provide 
for joint registration of electronic mortgages in favour of Sparebanken Møre and the Issuer (sampant) in the 
register of the Norwegian Mapping Authority (Kartverket).  
The Transfer and Servicing Agreement provides that Sparebanken Møre will continue to be the servicer of all 
Eligible Loans transferred to the Issuer and that Sparebanken Møre retains the responsibility for any demands 
made by a borrower in respect of its transferred Eligible Loan and for any losses incurred by a borrower due to 
operational errors by Sparebanken Møre. 
The customer relationship managers at Sparebanken Møre have the responsibility of checking that a mortgage is 
an Eligible Loan before it is transferred to the Issuer. The Issuer will also check the relevant mortgages before 
they are purchased from Sparebanken Møre according to the selection criteria and the Credit Risk Strategy.

--- Page 88 ---
Møre Boligkreditt AS  
 
 
 
 
88 
 
 
After approving the portfolio of mortgages, the Managing Director of the Issuer and the Executive Vice 
President of retail banking of Sparebanken Møre will sign the following documents: 
• 
an agreement concerning the purchase of the relevant mortgages from Sparebanken Møre, including a 
specification of the identified portfolio of mortgages and the Managing Director’s confirmation that the 
mortgages meet the provisions of the Credit Risk Strategy; and 
• 
a transaction document confirming the agreed price for the portfolio of mortgages and specifying the 
form of payment. 
The Issuer will use available cash and/or draw on the Facility (as defined below) to pay for the mortgages.  
Mortgages will be purchased by the Issuer from Sparebanken Møre at their nominal value (incl. accrued 
interest).  The transfer and management of the portfolio of mortgages is handled through an IT application from 
Tieto Norway AS. The system manages the transfer and re-transfer of mortgages, including, among other things, 
the associated collateral, administering the cash flows to and from the mortgages, tax reports and notifications to 
customers.  
Representations and warranties 
Save for checking the relevant mortgages according to the selection criteria and the Credit Risk Strategy as 
specified above, the Issuer has not made (nor will it make) any of the investigations which a prudent purchaser 
would normally make in relation to the acquisition of secured loans. In addition, the Issuer has not made (nor 
will it make) any investigations as to whether (i) the Eligible Loans are advanced in accordance with the 
relevant legislation; (ii) secured loans are validly established with the necessary legal protection; or (iii) secured 
loans can be subject to legal measures if the borrower under a Eligible Loan defaults on its obligations. 
In relation to the Eligible Loans and their related security, the Issuer will rely entirely on the representations and 
warranties (each, a Warranty, and together the Warranties) given by Sparebanken Møre to the Issuer. The 
Warranties given by Sparebanken Møre under the Transfer and Servicing Agreement are that: 
(a) 
Sparebanken Møre has creditor rights to each of the Eligible Loans, and these rights are included in the 
transfer of the Eligible Loans to the Issuer. None of these Eligible Loans is encumbered with transfer 
restrictions;  
(b) 
all of the Eligible Loans backed by collateral are validly established and binding for the borrower and 
the guarantors in question. The Eligible Loans and the collateral may be enforced in accordance with 
the wording of both the debt certificates and the collateral documents;  
(c) 
all collateral documents cover repayments of the respective Eligible Loan principal sums, interest, costs 
and expenses;  
(d) 
all necessary registrations are completed, or will be as soon as new Eligible Loans have been 
established, to secure the Issuer’s legal remedy with respect to the Eligible Loans backed by collateral 
(and Sparebanken Møre will also ensure that necessary notifications are and/or will be given to the 
individual borrowers about the Issuer's acquisition of the Eligible Loans backed by collateral); 
(e) 
all requirements stipulated in the Act (as defined in “Summary of the Norwegian Legislation regarding 
Covered Bonds”) whereby Eligible Loans can be deemed to be Eligible Loans are fulfilled on the 
transfer date, and all collateral which Sparebanken Møre shall introduce into the Issuer’s Cover Pool 
will be introduced there in accordance with the Act as soon as possible; and 
(f) 
the individual transferred loan agreements will not bind the Issuer to granting additional Eligible Loans 
to any of the borrowers exceeding the loan to value in the Legislation (as defined in “Summary of the 
Norwegian Legislation regarding Covered Bonds”) (currently 75 per cent.). 
Sparebanken Møre will immediately inform the Issuer in the event that one or more of the abovementioned 
conditions are violated. If there is a breach of any Warranty, Sparebanken Møre shall be required to repurchase 
the relevant secured Eligible Loan immediately from the Issuer for a consideration equal to the then remaining 
principal sum of the relevant loan plus any accrued interest for the period until the relevant loan is transferred to 
Sparebanken Møre. Sparebanken Møre shall also be required to refund any costs incurred by the Issuer as a 
result of such repurchase.  
The Issuer and Sparebanken Møre have each represented and warranted in the Transfer and Servicing 
Agreement that each Eligible Loan has been and will be transferred and assigned in accordance with the 
Financial Contracts Act No. 46 of 25 June 1999 and all other applicable laws.

--- Page 89 ---
Møre Boligkreditt AS  
 
 
 
 
89 
 
 
Servicing 
Once the mortgages have been approved and transferred to the Issuer, the mortgages are serviced in the same 
manner as they were before the transfer by Sparebanken Møre in accordance with the Transfer and Servicing 
Agreement. The customer relationship managers with the Bank continue to service the mortgages and the 
customers. If a customer wants to refinance his/her mortgage, the loan (including the associated collateral) has 
to be re-transferred to Sparebanken Møre. The cash-flow from the mortgages (including, without limitation, 
payment of interest and instalments) is paid into an account which Møre Boligkreditt AS holds with 
Sparebanken Møre, and the payments are logged on a daily basis.  
According to the Transfer and Servicing Agreement and the internal pricing agreement, the Issuer has 
outsourced a number of services connected to the servicing and management of the mortgage portfolio. 
Termination 
The Transfer and Servicing Agreement provides that, if any of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
default is made by Sparebanken Møre in the payment on the due date of any payment due and payable 
by it under the Transfer and Servicing Agreement and such default continues unremedied for a period 
of 7 days after the earlier of Sparebanken Møre becoming aware of such default or receipt by 
Sparebanken Møre of written notice from the Issuer requiring the same to be remedied; 
(ii) 
default is made by Sparebanken Møre in the performance or observance of any of its other covenants 
and obligations under the Transfer and Servicing Agreement, which, in the opinion of the Norwegian 
NFSA or an independent inspector appointed by the NFSA, is materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the creditors of the Cover Pool from time to time and such default continues unremedied for a period of 
14 days after the earlier of Sparebanken Møre becoming aware of such default and receipt by 
Sparebanken Møre of written notice from the Issuer requiring the same to be remedied;  
(iii) 
Sparebanken Møre is subjected to insolvency proceedings; or 
(iv) 
at any time it becomes unlawful for Sparebanken Møre to perform all or a material part of its 
obligations under the Transfer and Servicing Agreement or Sparebanken Møre ceases to be duly 
licensed under Norwegian Law to act as consumer credit provider or intermediary,  
then the Issuer may at once or at any time thereafter (in the case of events (i) – (iii), while such default 
continues) by notice in writing to Sparebanken Møre provided that notice thereof is also given to the relevant 
rating agency or agencies, terminate the Transfer and Servicing Agreement. Upon the termination of the 
Transfer and Servicing Agreement, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a substitute servicer 
that satisfies the conditions set forth in the Transfer and Servicing Agreement. 
The Issuer shall notify the relevant rating agency or agencies in writing of the identity of the substitute servicer. 
The Transfer and Servicing Agreement may also be terminated by Sparebanken Møre upon 12 months' prior 
written notice to the Issuer provided that: 
(i)  
the Issuer consents in writing to such termination; 
(ii) 
a substitute servicer shall be appointed by the Issuer, such appointment to be effective no later than the 
date of such termination; 
(iii) 
such substitute servicer has all licences, approvals, authorisations and consents which may be necessary 
in connection with the performance of the Services, and is duly licensed under Norwegian law to act as 
consumer credit provider or intermediary; 
(iv) 
such substitute servicer has experiences with and systems capable of administering portfolios of 
residential mortgage loans in Norway and is approved by the Issuer;  
(v) 
such substitute servicer enters into an agreement substantially on the same terms as the relevant 
provisions of the Transfer and Servicing Agreement and Sparebanken Møre shall not be released from 
its obligations under the relevant provisions of the Transfer and Servicing Agreement until such 
substitute servicer has entered into such new agreement; and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall notify the relevant rating agency or agencies in writing of the identity of the substitute 
servicer. 
In circumstances where its appointment is terminated by the Issuer, Sparebanken Møre has undertaken in the 
Transfer and Servicing Agreement to:

--- Page 90 ---
Møre Boligkreditt AS  
 
 
 
 
90 
 
 
(i) 
use its best endeavours to forthwith deliver (and in the meantime hold for, and to the order of, the 
Issuer) to the Issuer or as it shall direct, the borrower files relating to the Eligible Loans, all books of 
account, papers, records, registers, correspondence and documents in its possession or under its control 
relating to the affairs of or belonging to the Issuer and the Eligible Loans and any other related 
security; 
(ii) 
use its best endeavours to forthwith deliver (if practicable, on the date of receipt by Sparebanken Møre) 
any monies then held by Sparebanken Møre on behalf of the Issuer and any other assets of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
take such further action as the Issuer may reasonably direct at the expense of Sparebanken Møre 
(including in relation to the appointment of a substitute servicer); 
(iv) 
provide all relevant information contained on computer records in a mutually acceptable data format, 
together with details of such format; 
(v) 
co-operate and consult with and assist the Issuer and its nominee (which shall, for the avoidance of 
doubt, include any new servicer appointed by it) for the purposes of explaining the file layouts and the 
format of such computer records on the computer system of the Issuer or such nominee; and 
(vi) 
permit the Issuer to have access at reasonable times to the relevant insurance policies. 
Derivatives arrangement 
The Issuer will enter into derivatives arrangements with international banks and other parties, comprising 
interest rate swaps and currency swaps, for the purpose of controlling interest rate and currency risk relating to 
the Issuer’s funding and lending operations.  See also “Summary of the Swap Agreements” below. 
Financial information 
As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer’s share capital is NOK 1,375 million, share premium is NOK 175 million, 
and other equity capital including retained earnings is NOK 241 million. Total equity at year end 2021 is NOK 
1,791 million.  
As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer has NOK 28,971 million in loans to, and receivables from, customers, has 
borrowings raised through the issue of securities (Covered Bonds) of NOK 25,603 million and has loans from 
credit institutions of NOK 3,548 million of which NOK 146 million is margin call balance on financial 
derivatives paid in by counterparties, according to the Issuer’s Credit Support Annex. The Issuer has loans to 
and receivables from credit institutions of NOK 1,044 million, and holdings of certificates and bonds of NOK 
668 million, as at 31 December 2021. 
Board of Directors 
The Issuer's Board is elected by the General Meeting and consists of four members elected for a period of two 
years.  The current directors are as follows: 
Kjetil Hauge  
Chair of the Board  
Executive Vice President, Head of Organisational Development, 
Sparebanken Møre 
Geir Tore Hjelle  
Chief Executive Officer of Dailyuse Technology AS  
Sandra Kristin Myhre Helseth  
Vice President, Financial Control and Risk Management,  
Sparebanken Møre 
Elisabeth Blomvik  
Executive Vice President, Head of Retail Division, Sparebanken 
Møre 
The business address of the four members of the Issuer's Board is the registered address of the Issuer. 
Management 
Ole Andre Kjerstad, the Managing Director of the Issuer since September 2010, has been an employee of 
Sparebanken Møre group since January 1998.   
Shareholders 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sparebanken Møre.

--- Page 91 ---
Møre Boligkreditt AS  
 
 
 
 
91 
 
 
The Credit Facility Agreement 
The Issuer and its parent, Sparebanken Møre (the Lender), have entered into a revolving credit facility 
agreement dated 12 November 2020 (the Credit Facility Agreement).  The facility available under the Credit 
Facility Agreement (the Facility) can be used by the Issuer to make payments, repayments and/or prepayments 
of interest and/ or principal amounts in respect of Notes and payment of connected derivative contracts.  
The Facility shall at all times never be less than 100 per cent. of the Issuer’s payment obligation for the next 12 
months in respect of Notes, including interest, principal and any connected derivative agreements entered into 
for hedging purposes.  
The Facility is not limited to a specific maximum amount.  The Facility will be in place until a date falling not 
earlier than 3 months after the last maturity date of any Notes. 
Independent Auditors 
KPMG AS were elected the independent auditors of the Issuer in 2018. The responsible partners as defined in 
the Norwegian Act on Auditing and Auditors at KPMG AS are members of the Norwegian Institute of Public 
Accountants.  
The financial statements of the Issuer as of 31 December 2020 and 2019 and for each of the years then ended 
have been audited by KPMG AS, independent auditors, as stated in their reports incorporated by reference 
herein. 
Conflict of interest within administration, management and supervisory bodies 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer of any members of the Issuer’s Board or 
management of the Issuer and their private interests and other duties.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
 
Sparebanken Møre Group 
Sparebanken Møre  
Sparebanken Møre is a fully independent bank based in Ålesund in Norway.  Sparebanken Møre was established 
in 1985 through a merger of several local savings banks.  The oldest of these saving banks was established in 
1843.  Sparebanken Møre follows the contract banking principle.  The contract banking principle means that the 
bank can either develop its own products in-house, or choose partners based on what is best for the bank. No 
considerations or obligations related to ownership in product companies or group membership are required to be 
taken into account when choosing its partners.  The Sparebanken Møre’s head office is located in Ålesund in 
Møre og Romsdal county, and the county is defined as Sparebanken Møre’s operating area.  Sparebanken Møre 
has today 27 branch offices in the county of Møre og Romsdal. 
Sparebanken Møre has been listed at Oslo Stock Exchange since 1989 (Primary Capital Certificates/ PCCs, now 
Equity Certificates/ECs). 
Based on total assets, Sparebanken Møre is currently the 9th largest Norwegian bank. 
Sparebanken Møre 
Sparebanken Møre is registered in Norway under number 937 899 319 and has its registered office at Keiser 
Wilhelmsg. 29-33, 6001 Ålesund, Norway. Sparebanken Møre's telephone number is +47 70 11 30 00.  
Sparebanken Møre is operating under the Norwegian Financial Undertakings Act, and is under the supervision 
of the NFSA.   
Principal activities 
Sparebanken Møre is a supplier of all services within financing, deposits and other forms of placement, payment 
transmission, financial information and financial advisory services, financial security and  personal portfolio 
management and real estate brokerage.  
Through its different distribution channels, Sparebanken Møre sells non-life-insurance, and also occupational 
pension scheme products in the corporate market.  
The Sparebanken Møre Group consists of Sparebanken Møre, the Issuer and two other subsidiaries (the 
Sparebanken Møre Group). Møre Eiendomsmegling AS is a real estate broker company operating in the 
county of Møre og Romsdal.  Sparebankeiendom AS is a real estate management company, owning and 
managing the Sparebanken Møre's commercial properties. 
Market Position of the Sparebanken Møre Group 
As at 31 December 2020, taking into account the customer loan book and deposits held by the Sparebanken 
Møre Group, Sparebanken Møre held a volumebased market share of 19.8 per cent. in respect of lending, and a 
market share of 25.4 per cent. in respect of deposits in the county of Møre og Romsdal**. Retail Customers: As 
at 30 September 2021 the population of Møre og Romsdal was 265,513***.  Including customers outside Møre 
of Romsdal county, Sparebanken Møre serves about 112,000 customers (Active Retail Customers). Sparebanken 
Møre’s retail sector holds a market share of 24.5 per cent. in respect of lending **. 
                                                             
 
 Source: Annual Bank Report of DNB Markets Credit Research dated 11 June 2021.  The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by Sparebanken Møre, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
** Source: Statistics Norway, Financial corporations. Loans and deposits by county, 2020 and Sparebanken Møre Annual report 2020.  T he 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by Sparebanken Møre, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
*** Source: Statistics Norway, population by region, last updated 18 November 2021.

--- Page 93 ---
Sparebanken Møre Group 
 
 
 
 
93 
 
 
 
The activity, based on traditional banking services is 67.7 per cent. loans to the retail market and 32.3 per cent. 
loans to the corporate and public sector. 
Corporate Customers: Sparebanken Møre serves around 7,000 active corporate customers and these are mainly 
small and medium-sized companies.  Sparebanken Møre currently has a market share of 17.2 per cent. of bank 
lending made to the corporate and public sector **. 
Strategic Objectives of the Sparebanken Møre Group 
Sparebanken Møre aims to maintain its leading retail market position in the bank’s main area of operation, and 
also strengthen the Sparebanken Møre's position as the preferred choice among small and medium size 
businesses in the county of Møre og Romsdal.    
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of Sparebanken Møre consists of eight members.  The current directors are as follows: 
Leif Arne Langøy 
Chair of the Board 
Henrik Grung 
Deputy Chair of the Board 
Jill Aasen 
Board Member 
Ann Magritt Bjåstad Vikebakk 
Board Member 
Helge Karsten Knudsen 
Board Member 
Marie Rekdal Hide 
Board Member 
Kåre Øyvind Vassdal 
Board Member 
Therese Monsås Langset 
Board Member 
The business address of the eight members of the board of directors of Sparebanken Møre is the registered 
address of Sparebanken Møre. 
Management 
Trond Lars Nydal – Chief Executive Officer.  Mr. Nydal joined the Bank in 1997, and was appointed the Bank’s 
Chief Executive Officer on 1 April 2017.  
John Arne Winsnes – Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Winsnes joined the Bank, as CFO, in November 2021. 
Arild Sulebakk – Executive Vice President, Head of Customer Experience.  Mr. Sulebakk joined the Bank in 
2006 and was appointed to his present position at Sparebanken Møre in 2017. 
Terje Krøvel – Executive Vice President, Head of Corporate Banking.  Mr. Krøvel joined the Bank in 1983 and 
has been in his present position since 2001. 
Elisabeth Blomvik – Executive Vice President, Head of Retail Banking.  Ms. Blomvik joined the Bank and was 
appointed to her present position in 2017.  
Perdy Lunde – Executive Vice President, Head of Business Support.  Ms. Lunde joined the Bank in 1977.  She 
has held her present position since 2002. 
Kjetil Hauge – Executive Vice President, Head of Organisational Development. Mr. Hauge joined the Bank in 
1998 and was appointed to his present position in 2017. 
Erik Røkke – Executive Vice President, Head of Risk Management and Compliance Division. Mr. Røkke joined 
the Bank in 2012 and was appointed to his present position in 2013. 
Tone Skotheim Gjerdsbakk – Executive Vice President, Head of Communication and Group Support. Ms. 
Gjerdsbakk joined the Bank in 2014, and was appointed to her present position in 2015. 
Independent Auditors 
KPMG AS were elected the independent auditors of Sparebanken Møre in 2018. The responsible partners as 
defined in the Norwegian Act on Auditing and Auditors at KPMG AS are members of the Norwegian Institute 
of Public Accountants.

--- Page 94 ---
Sparebanken Møre Group 
 
 
 
 
94 
 
 
Conflict of interest within administration, management and supervisory bodies 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties to Sparebanken Møre of the members o f the Board of 
Directors or management of Sparebanken Møre and their private interests or other duties. 
Jurisdiction 
Sparebanken Møre is incorporated under the laws of Norway.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
Summary of the Swap Agreements 
CURRENCY SWAP AGREEMENTS 
The Issuer may enter into currency swaps from time to time with Currency Swap Providers (as defined below) 
by executing ISDA Master Agreements (including the schedule and credit support annex thereto and related 
confirmations) (each such agreement, a Currency Swap Agreement and each of the transactions thereunder, a 
Currency Swap), in order to hedge currency risks arising between (a) Covered Bonds issued in currencies other 
than NOK and (b) assets forming part of the Cover Pool but denominated in NOK, subject always to the 
requirements as referred to in “Summary of the Norwegian Legislation regarding Covered Bonds (Obligasjoner 
med fortrinnsrett)” above. 
Ratings downgrade 
Under each of the Currency Swap Agreements, in the event that the relevant rating(s) of a Currency Swap 
Provider is/are downgraded by a rating agency below the rating(s) specified in the relevant Currency Swap 
Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the rating agencies) for such Currency Swap Provider, the 
relevant Currency Swap Provider will, in accordance with the relevant Currency Swap Agreement, be required 
to take certain remedial measures which may include providing additional collateral for its obligations under the 
relevant Currency Swap, arranging for its obligations under the relevant Currency Swap to be transferred to an 
entity with rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as specified in the relevant Currency Swap 
Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency), procuring another entity with 
rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as specified in the relevant Currency Swap Agreement (in 
accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency) to become a co-obligor or guarantor, as 
applicable, in respect of its obligations under the relevant Currency Swap or taking some other action as it may 
agree with the relevant rating agency. 
Termination events 
The Currency Swap Agreements will or may be terminated under certain circumstances, including the 
following: 
(a) 
at the option of one party to the relevant Currency Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the other 
party to pay any amounts due under that Currency Swap Agreement and any applicable grace period 
has expired; 
(b) 
at the option of the Issuer, upon the occurrence of an insolvency of the relevant Currency Swap 
Provider or its guarantor, or the merger of the relevant Currency Swap Provider without an assumption 
of its obligations under the relevant Currency Swap Agreement, or if a material misrepresentation is 
made by the relevant Currency Swap Provider under the Currency Swap Agreement, or if the relevant 
Currency Swap Provider defaults under an over-the-counter derivative transaction under another 
agreement between the Issuer and such Currency Swap Provider or if a breach of a provision of the 
relevant Currency Swap Agreement by the Currency Swap Provider is not remedied within the 
applicable grace period; 
(c) 
if a change in law results in the obligations of either party becoming illegal or if a force majeure event 
occurs which renders performance of the obligations impossible or impracticable; 
(d) 
if withholding taxes are imposed on payments by the Issuer or by the relevant Currency Swap Provider 
under the relevant Currency Swap Agreement due to a change in law or change in application of the 
relevant law;  
(e) 
if the relevant Currency Swap Provider or its guarantor, as applicable, is downgraded and fails to 
comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions contained in the relevant Currency 
Swap Agreement and described above under “Ratings downgrade”; 
(f) 
if the corresponding Series of Notes are redeemed (and in the event of a partial redemption, only part of 
the relevant Currency Swap will be terminable) prior to their scheduled maturity date;  
(g) 
if the corresponding Series of Notes are purchased and surrendered for cancellation (and in the event of 
a partial purchase and surrender for cancellation, only part of the relevant Currency Swap will be 
terminable) prior to their scheduled maturity date;  
(h) 
if the relevant Currency Swap is not registered in the cover pool register; or 
(i) 
a halt to payments occurs with respect to the Cover Pool.

--- Page 96 ---
Summary of the Swap Agreements 
 
 
 
 
96 
 
 
Upon the occurrence of a swap early termination event, the Issuer or the relevant Currency Swap Provider may 
be liable to make a termination payment to the other.  The amount of any termination payment will be based on 
a good faith determination of total losses and costs (or gains) as to entering into a swap with terms and 
conditions that would have the effect of preserving the economic equivalent of the respective full payment 
obligations of the parties (which may be determined following consideration of quotations sought from leading 
dealers, relevant market data and information from internal sources), and will include any unpaid amounts that 
became due and payable prior to termination.  Any such termination payment could be substantial and may 
affect the funds available to pay amounts due to the holders of the Covered Bonds. 
Holders of the Covered Bonds will not receive extra amounts (over and above interest and principal payable on 
the Covered Bonds) as a result of the Issuer receiving a termination payment from a Currency Swap Provider. 
Transfer 
Each Currency Swap Provider may, subject to certain conditions specified in the relevant Currency Swap 
Agreement, transfer its obligations under any Currency Swap to another entity. 
Taxation, governing law and status  
The Currency Swap Provider may be obliged to gross up payments made by it to the Issuer if withholding taxes 
are imposed on payments made under a Currency Swap.  However, if, due to a change in law or change in 
application of the relevant law, the Currency Swap Provider is required to gross up a payment under a Currency 
Swap or to receive a payment under a Currency Swap from which an amount has been deducted or withheld, the 
relevant Currency Swap Provider may terminate the relevant Currency Swap. 
The Currency Swap Agreements will be governed by English law. 
The Currency Swap Provider will rank pari passu with the Covered Bondholders in respect of their claims 
against the Issuer in respect of assets registered to the Cover Pool. 
INTEREST RATE SWAP AGREEMENTS 
The Issuer may also, from time to time, enter into additional interest rate swaps with Interest Rate Swap 
Providers (as defined below) by executing an ISDA Master Agreement (including the schedule and credit 
support annex thereto and related confirmations) (each such agreement, an Interest Rate Swap Agreement and 
each of the transactions thereunder, an Interest Rate Swap), in order to hedge the Issuer’s interest rate risks 
arising from a mismatch between floating interest earned on the Issuer’s assets and fixed interest payable on the 
Issuer’s obligations, subject always to the requirements as referred to in “Summary of the Norwegian Legislation 
regarding Covered Bonds (Obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett)” above. 
Ratings downgrade 
Under each of the Interest Rate Swap Agreements, in the event that the relevant rating(s) of an Interest Rate 
Swap Provider are downgraded by a rating agency below the rating(s) specified in the re levant Interest Rate 
Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the rating agencies) for such Interest Rate Swap 
Provider, the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider will, in accordance with the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures which may include providing additional collateral for 
its obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap, arranging for its obligations under the relevant Interest 
Rate Swap to be transferred to an entity with rating(s) as specified in the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement 
(in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency), procuring another entity with rating(s) as 
specified in the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant 
rating agency) to become a co-obligor or guarantor, as applicable, in respect of its obligations under the relevant 
Interest Rate Swap or taking some other action as it may agree with the relevant rating agency. 
Termination events 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreements will or may be terminated under certain circumstances, including the 
following: 
(a) 
at the option of one party to the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the other 
party to pay any amounts due under that Interest Rate Swap Agreement and any applicable grace 
period has expired; 
(b) 
at the option of the Issuer, upon the occurrence of an insolvency of the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
Provider or its guarantor, or the merger of the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider without an 
assumption of its obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement, or if a material 
misrepresentation is made by the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider under the Interest Rate Swap

--- Page 97 ---
Summary of the Swap Agreements 
 
 
 
 
97 
 
 
Agreement, or if the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider defaults under an over-the-counter derivative 
transaction under another agreement between the Issuer and such Interest Rate Swap Provider or if a 
breach of a provision of the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement by the Interest Rate Swap Provider 
is not remedied within the applicable grace period; 
(c) 
if a change in law results in the obligations of either party becoming illegal or if a force majeure event 
occurs which renders performance of the obligations impossible or impracticable; 
(d) 
if withholding taxes are imposed on payments by the Issuer or by the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
Provider under the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement due to a change in law or change in 
application of the relevant law; and 
(e) 
if the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider, or its guarantor, as applicable, is downgraded and fails to 
comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions contained in the relevant Interest 
Rate Swap Agreement and described above under “Ratings downgrade”;  
(f) 
if the corresponding Series of Notes are redeemed (and in the event of a partial redemption, only part of 
the relevant Interest Rate Swap will be terminable) prior to their scheduled maturity date;  
(g) 
if the corresponding Series of Notes are purchased and surrendered for cancellation (and in the event of 
a partial purchase and surrender for cancellation, only part of the relevant Interest Rate Swap will be 
terminable) prior to their scheduled maturity date;  
(h) 
if the relevant Interest Rate Swap is not registered in the cover pool register; or 
(i) 
a halt to payments occurs with respect to the Cover Pool. 
Upon the occurrence of a swap early termination event, the Issuer or the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider 
may be liable to make a termination payment to the other.  The amount of any termination payment will be 
based on a good faith determination of total losses and costs (or gains) as to entering into a swap with terms and 
conditions that would have the effect of preserving the economic equivalent of the respective full payment 
obligations of the parties (which may be determined following consideration of quotations sought from leading 
dealers, relevant market data and information from internal sources), and will include any unpaid amounts that 
became due and payable prior to termination.  Any such termination payment could be substantial and may 
affect the funds available to pay amounts due to the Covered Bondholders. 
Covered Bondholders will not receive extra amounts (over and above interest and principal payable on the 
Covered Bonds) as a result of the Issuer receiving a termination payment from an Interest Rate Swap Provider. 
Transfer 
Each Interest Rate Swap Provider may, subject to certain conditions specified in the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement, transfer its obligations under any Interest Rate Swap to another entity. 
Taxation, governing law and status 
The Interest Rate Swap Provider may be obliged to gross up payments made by it to the Issuer if withholding 
taxes are imposed on payments made under an Interest Rate Swap.  However, if, due to a change in law or 
change in application of the relevant law, the Interest Rate Swap Provider is required to gross up a payment 
under an Interest Rate Swap or to receive a payment under an Interest Rate Swap from which an amount has 
been deducted or withheld, the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider may terminate the relevant Interest Rate 
Swaps. 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreements will be governed by English law. 
The Interest Rate Swap Providers will rank pari passu with the Covered Bondholders in respect of their claims 
against the Issuer in respect of assets registered to the Cover Pool. 
ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR SWAP PROVIDERS 
The Issuer will only enter into Swaps with entities which are “qualified counterparties” for the purposes of the  
Act and the Regulations. 
DEFINITIONS 
In this section the following words shall have the following meanings: 
Currency Swap Provider means any counterparty in its capacity as currency swap provider under a Currency 
Swap Agreement;

--- Page 98 ---
Summary of the Swap Agreements 
 
 
 
 
98 
 
 
Interest Rate Swap Provider means any counterparty in its capacity as interest rate swap provider under an 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement;  
Swap means each Currency Swap and each Interest Rate Swap; and 
Swap Provider means each Currency Swap Provider and each Interest Rate Swap Provider.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
Book entry clearing in respect of VPS Notes 
 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Euronext VPS currently in effect.  The information in this section concerning Euronext VPS has 
been obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but neither the Issuer nor any Dealer takes 
any responsibility for the accuracy thereof.  Investors wishing to use the facilities of Euronext VPS are advised 
to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of Euronext VPS.  Neither the 
Issuer nor any other party to the VPS Trustee Agreement, VPS Agency Agreement or the Agency Agreement will 
have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, 
beneficial ownership interests in the VPS Notes held through the facilities of Euronext VPS or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
VERDIPAPIRSENTRALEN (EURONEXT VPS) 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) is a Norwegian public limited liability company 
which is licensed to register financial instruments in Norway in accordance with the Norwegian Act of 15 
March 2019 no. 6 on Central Securities Depositories (the CSD Act).  The CSD Act requires that, among other 
things, all notes and bonds issued in Norway shall be registered in Euronext VPS (the VPS Securities), except 
notes and bonds (i) issued by Norwegian issuers outside Norway and denominated in Norwegian Kroner with 
subscription limited to non-Norwegian tax residents only or (ii) issued outside Norway and denominated in 
another currency than Norwegian kroner. 
Euronext VPS is a paperless securities registry where registration of ownership, transfer and other rights to 
financial instruments are evidenced by book entries in the registry.  Any issuer of VPS Securities will be 
required to have an account (issuer’s account) where all the VPS Securities are registered in  the name of the 
holder and each holder is required to have her/his own account (investor’s account) showing such person’s 
holding of VPS Securities at any time.  Both the issuer and the VPS Noteholder will, for the purposes of 
registration in Euronext VPS, have to appoint an account operator which will normally be a Norwegian bank or 
Norwegian investment firm. 
It is possible for non-Norwegian security holders to register a holding of VPS Securities through a nominee.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
Taxation 
 
NORWAY  
The following is a general description of certain Norwegian tax considerations relating to the Notes.  It 
does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes.  Prospective 
purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under the tax laws of the 
country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of Norway of acquiring, holding and 
disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes.  
This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Offering Circular and is subject to any 
change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Taxation on Interest 
Interest paid to a non-resident holder of Notes will not be subject to Norwegian income tax, unless the holding 
of Notes is effectively connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway. 
Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Norway levies withholding tax on certain interest payments from Norway. However, the withholding obligation 
applies only to interest payments made to related parties of the debtor who are resident in low tax jurisdictions. 
Due to the Issuer’s constitution as a credit institution wholly owned by a Norwegian savings bank, interest paid 
to a non-resident holder of Notes will not be subject to Norwegian withholding tax. 
Taxation of Capital Gains 
A non-resident holder of Notes is not taxed in Norway on gains derived from the sale, disposal or redemption of 
the Notes, unless the holding of Notes is effectively connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes 
in Norway. 
Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Wealth Tax 
Norway does not levy any property tax or similar taxes on the Notes. 
An individual non-resident holder of Notes is not subject to wealth tax, unless the holding of Notes is effectively 
connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway. 
Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Transfer Tax 
There is currently no Norwegian transfer tax on the transfer of Notes. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (foreign passthru 
payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a 
foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions (including Norway) have entered into, 
or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
(IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as 
currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to 
withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the 
FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date 
that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in 
the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity 
and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after 
the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published generally would be 
“grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date.  However, if 
additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes – Further Issues”

--- Page 101 ---
Taxation 
 
 
 
 
101 
 
 
and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes – Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously 
issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisors 
regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The issuance and subscription of 
Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
Subscription and Sale 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 22 February 2022, 
agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. 
Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes other than the VPS Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes”.  In the Programme 
Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the 
establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to 
indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
UNITED STATES 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or 
other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes (other than VPS Notes) are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  In the case of Notes 
other than VPS Notes, the applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules 
apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined and certified by the 
relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Notes 
of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this  
Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  For the 
purposes of this provision, the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
UK 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this

--- Page 103 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
 
 
103 
 
 
Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision, the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or as agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
JAPAN 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
NORWAY  
The Notes shall be registered with Euronext VPS or another securities registry which is properly authorised or 
recognised by the NFSA as being entitled to register such bonds pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014, 
unless (i) the Notes are denominated in NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway to non-Norwegian tax 
residents only, or (ii) the Notes are denominated in a currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside of 
Norway. See also the selling restriction “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” above. 
GENERAL 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Offering Circular and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
General Information 
AUTHORISATION 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the board of 
directors of the Issuer dated 8 May 2012.  
LISTING OF NOTES 
The admission of Notes to the Official List will be expressed as a percentage of their nominal amount 
(excluding accrued interest). It is expected that each Tranche of the Notes which is to be admitted to the Official 
List and to trading on the Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the 
issue of a Global Note or Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made  to 
Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of this 
Offering Circular to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on its regulated market. The approval of the 
Programme in respect of the Notes was granted on or about 22 February 2022. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Offering Circular, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection from www.sbm.no/mbk: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer;  
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(c) 
a copy of this Offering Circular; and 
(d) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms to 
this Offering Circular and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Any English translations referred to in (a) above constitute accurate and direct translations of the Norwegian 
originals.  
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The Notes have been accepted for settlement through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If the Notes are to settle through an additional or 
alternative clearing system (including Euronext VPS) the appropriate information will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euronext VPS are the entities in charge of 
keeping the records. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1 855 
Luxembourg.  The address of Euronext VPS is Fred. Olsens gate 1, postboks 1174 Sentrum, 0107 Oslo, 
Norway. 
CONDITIONS FOR DETERMINING PRICE 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
YIELD 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the 
relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the 
Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
LANGUAGE OF THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR 
The language of this Offering Circular is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.

--- Page 105 ---
General Information 
 
 
 
 
105 
 
 
SIGNIFICANT OR MATERIAL CHANGE  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer and no material 
adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021. 
LITIGATION  
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may 
have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer.  
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
KPMG AS were elected the independent auditors of the Issuer in 2018. The responsible partners as defined in 
the Norwegian Act on Auditing and Auditors at KPMG AS are members of the Norwegian Institute of Public 
Accountants.  
The financial statements of the Issuer as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 and for each of the years then ended 
have been audited by KPMG AS, independent auditors, as stated in their reports incorporated by reference 
herein. 
POST-ISSUANCE INFORMATION 
Information in relation to the contents of the Cover Pool can be found in the Issuer's quarterly and annual 
reports.  Such reports are published on the website of the Issuer at www.sbm.no/mbk.  
Save as set out above, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any 
issue of a Note. 
DEALERS TRANSACTING WITH THE ISSUER 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
 
 
Møre Boligkreditt AS 
 
 
Keiser Willhelmsgate 29/ 33 
 
 
6003 Ålesund 
 
 
Norway 
 
 
 
 
 
AGENT 
 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
 
 
Citigroup Centre 
 
 
Canada Square 
 
 
Canary Wharf 
 
 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
 
VPS AGENT 
 
 
Sparebanken Møre  
 
 
Postboks 121, sentrum 
 
 
Keiser Wilhelmsgate 29/ 33 
 
 
6003 Ålesund 
 
 
Norway 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VPS TRUSTEE 
 
 
Nordic Trustee AS 
 
 
Kronprinsesse 
Märthas plass 1 
 
 
0160 Oslo 
 
 
Norway 
 
 
 
 
 
LISTING AGENT 
 
 
 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George’s Dock 
I.F.S.C.  
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer as to 
Norwegian law 
 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Advokatfirmaet BAHR 
AS 
 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Tjuvholmen allé 16 
 
One Bishops Square 
NO-0252 Oslo 
Norway 
 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
 
 
KPMG AS 
Sørkedalsveien 6 
NO-0396 Oslo 
Norway 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK – 1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
0191 Oslo 
Norway 
 
 
 
Landesbank Baden-
Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
Helsinki 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Finland 
 
 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
SE-106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden  
 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Printed by Allen & Overy LLP 
UKO2: 2003957665.15