--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS FOR THE ISSUE OF WARRANTS 
MACQUARIE BANK LIMITED 
(ABN 46 008 583 542) 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Commonwealth of Australia) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Warrant Programme 
 
 
ISSUER 
Macquarie Bank Limited 
 
 
 
 
PRINCIPAL WARRANT AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch  
 
 
LUXEMBOURG WARRANT AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT  
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
 
 
REGISTRAR 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
 
 
This document comprises a base prospectus of Macquarie Bank Limited for the purposes of 
Article 8.1 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Warrants issued under this document will be traded on 
the professional segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to which 
only qualified investors, as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, can have access for 
the purposes of trading in such securities. 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 23 November 2022.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
Introduction 
Any Warrants (as defined below) issued on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued 
subject to the provisions described herein.  This does not affect any Warrants issued before the 
date of this Base Prospectus.  1T1TMacquarie Bank 1T1Thas previously published, and may in the future 
publish, other prospectuses or offering documents in relation to the issue of other warrants. 
Under the terms of its Warrant Programme described in this Base Prospectus (“Programme”), 
Macquarie Bank Limited (ABN 46 008 583 542) (“Issuer”, “Macquarie”, “Macquarie Bank” or 
“MBL”) may from time to time issue warrants (“Warrants”) of any kind including, but not limited to, 
Warrants relating to a specified index or a basket of indices (“Index Warrants”), a specified security 
or a basket of securities (“Security Warrants”) or a specified bond or a basket of bonds (“Bond 
Warrants”).  Each issue of Warrants will be issued on the terms and conditions set out in the 
section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Warrants” on pages 45 to 94 inclusive of this Base 
Prospectus and the final terms (“Final Terms”) for the issue of such Warrants (together, the “Terms 
and Conditions”). Each Final Terms with respect to Warrants to be listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the professional segment of the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange in accordance with EC Directive 2014/65/EU (the 
“Regulated Market”), to which only qualified investors, as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (“Qualified Investors”), can have access for the purposes of trading in such securities, 
will be delivered to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (“CSSF”) on or prior to 
the date of listing of such Warrants.  Macquarie Bank shall have complete discretion as to what 
type of Warrants it issues and when.  
Macquarie Bank is an indirect subsidiary of Macquarie Group Limited (ABN 94 122 169 279) 
(“MGL”) and in this Base Prospectus references to the “Macquarie Group” are references to MGL 
and its controlled entities and references to the “Macquarie Bank Group” are references to 
Macquarie B.H. Pty Ltd (the direct parent of Macquarie Bank) and its controlled entities (including 
Macquarie Bank). 
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of 12 months from the date of its approval by the CSSF, 
being 23 November 2022, and expires on 23 November 2023. The obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus is published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s internet site 
25T25TUwww.bourse.luU25T25T 
and 
available 
on 
the 
internet 
site 
https://www.macquarie.com/au/en/investors/other-securities/macquarie-bank-limited-warrant-
programme.html. The Final Terms for each issue of Warrants to be listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange will be published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s internet site 
www.bourse.lu. 
The Warrants of each issue may be sold by Macquarie Bank and/or any Manager (as defined 
under “General Description of the Programme” on pages 11 to 14 inclusive of this Base 
Prospectus) of an issue of Warrants (as applicable to such issue of Warrants) at such time and at 
such prices as Macquarie Bank and/or the Manager(s) may select.  There is no obligation upon 
Macquarie Bank or any Manager to sell all of the Warrants of any issue.  The Warrants of any 
issue may be offered or sold from time to time in one or more transactions in the over-the-counter 
market or otherwise at prevailing market prices or in negotiated transactions, at the discretion of 
Macquarie Bank.  
The form of the Final Terms is set out on pages 95 to 100 inclusive of this Base Prospectus and 
will specify with respect to the issue of Warrants to which it relates, inter alia, the specific

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
designation of the Warrants, the aggregate number and type of the Warrants, the date of issue of 
the Warrants, the issue price, the exercise price, the underlying asset or index to which the 
Warrants relate, the exercise period or date and certain other terms relating to the offering and 
sale of the Warrants.  The Final Terms relating to an issue of Warrants will be attached to, or 
endorsed upon, the Global Warrant (as defined below) representing such Warrants.   
Each issue of Warrants will entitle the holder thereof (on due exercise and, if applicable, subject 
to certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership) either to receive a cash amount (if any) 
calculated in accordance with the relevant terms or to receive physical delivery of the underlying 
assets against payment of a specified sum, all as set forth herein and in the applicable Final Terms. 
Prospective purchasers of Warrants should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant 
Warrants and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the 
relevant Warrants as an investment in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition.  
Warrants involve a high degree of risk, including the risk of expiring worthless.  Potential investors 
should be prepared to sustain a total loss of the purchase price of their Warrants.  See “Risk 
Factors” on pages 15 to 40 inclusive of this Base Prospectus.  
The CSSF in its capacity as competent authority for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and the Council of 14 June 2017 (“Prospectus Regulation”) has 
approved this document as a “base prospectus”. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered an endorsement of the Issuer 
and the Warrants that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Warrants. 
Furthermore, by approving this Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus 
Regulation the CSSF shall give no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the 
operation or the quality or solvency of the Issuer pursuant to Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law 
on prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019.  
Application has also been made for Warrants issued under the Programme during the twelve-
month period from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list and traded 
on the professional segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to 
which only Qualified Investors can have access for the purposes of trading in such securities.  The 
Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended.  Macquarie Bank may also issue unlisted Warrants.  
Warrants will be issued in uncertificated registered form.  Each issue of Warrants will be 
constituted and represented by a global warrant (each a “Global Warrant”) executed as a deed 
poll in favour of the holders of those Warrants from time to time and which will be issued and 
deposited with a common depositary on behalf of Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”) on the date of issue of 
the relevant Warrants.  Definitive Warrants will not be issued. 
Amounts payable under the Warrants may be calculated by reference to one or more 
“benchmarks” (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 (the “Benchmark 
Regulation”). In this case, a statement will be included in the applicable Final Terms as to whether 
or not the relevant administrator of the “benchmark” is included in the register of administrators 
of the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) under Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, as far as the Issuer is aware, the administrators 
of EURIBOR and BBSW (each as defined below) are included in ESMA’s register of administrators

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
under Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation whereas the administrators of LIBOR, SONIA, 
SOFR and BKBM (each as defined below) are not.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
Important Notice 
This Base Prospectus has not been, nor will be, lodged with the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission (“ASIC”) and is not a ‘prospectus’ or other ‘disclosure document’ for 
the purposes of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (“Corporations Act”). In addition, see the 
selling restrictions set out under the heading “Offering and Sale” on pages 127 to 135 inclusive 
of this Base Prospectus. 
1T1TBase Prospectus 
1T1T his Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8.1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and is provided for the purpose of giving information with regard to the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries, which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the 
Warrants, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer. 
1T1T his Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Warrants in any Member 
State of the EEA (each a “Relevant EEA State”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the 
Prospectus Regulation, as implemented in that Relevant EEA State, from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus for offers of Warrants. Accordingly any person making or intending to make 
an offer in that Relevant EEA State of Warrants which are the subject of an offering contemplated 
in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Warrants 
may only do so in the circumstances in which no obligation arises for the relevant Issuer or any 
Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 1 (3), (4) of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Manager have authorised, nor do they authorise, 
the making of any offer of Warrants in circumstances in which an obligation arises for an Issuer 
or any Manager to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors 
1T1T he Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC ("IMD"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Warrants or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors 
The Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Responsibility 
Macquarie Bank, with its registered office at Level 6, 50 Martin Place, Sydney, New South Wales, 
2000, Australia, accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus.  To 
the best of Macquarie Bank’s knowledge (after having taken reasonable care to ensure that such 
is the case), the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Documents incorporated by reference 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with all documents which are 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on pages 41 to 
44 inclusive of this Base Prospectus).  This Base Prospectus shall, save as specified herein, be 
read and construed on the basis that such documents are so incorporated by reference and form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
1T1TInternet site addresses in this Base Prospectus are included for reference only and the contents 
of any such internet sites are not incorporated by reference into, and do not form part of, this 
Base Prospectus. 
No independent verification or advice 
No Manager has independently verified all of the information contained herein.  Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is 
accepted by any Manager as to the accuracy or completeness of any information contained in 
this Base Prospectus or any further information supplied in connection with the Programme.   
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any information provided in connection with the Warrants is 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation or a statement of opinion, or a report of either of those things, by Macquarie 
Bank or any Manager that any recipient of this Base Prospectus purchase any Warrants or any 
rights in respect of any Warrants.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any Warrants or any 
rights in respect of any Warrants should make (and shall be deemed to have made) its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of Macquarie Bank.   
No advice is given in respect of the taxation treatment of investors in connection with investment 
in any Warrants and each investor is advised to consult its own professional adviser. 
Currency of information 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection with this Base 
Prospectus at any time implies that the information contained herein concerning Macquarie Bank 
is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
Investors should review, amongst other things, the documents deemed to be incorporated herein 
by reference, when deciding whether or not to purchase any Warrants. 
No review of affairs of Macquarie Bank or the Group 
No Manager undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of Macquarie Bank and its 
controlled entities (“Group”) during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the 
Warrants of any information coming to the attention of such Manager. 
No Macquarie Bank or the Group as issuer of the underlying securities or bonds or as sponsor 
of the underlying indices 
In respect of Index Warrants, the specified index or basket or indices to which such Index 
Warrants relate shall not be (a) any index composed by Macquarie Bank or the Group or any legal 
entity belonging to the same group as Macquarie Bank, or (b) any index provided by a legal entity 
or a natural person acting in association with, or on behalf of Macquarie Bank or the Group. 
In respect of Security Warrants, the issuer or issuers of the specified share of shares to which 
such Security Warrants relate shall not be Macquarie Bank or the Group or any legal entity 
belonging to the same group as Macquarie Bank.  
In respect of Bond Warrants, the issuer or issuers of the specified bonds to which such Bond 
Warrants relate shall not be Macquarie Bank or the Group or any legal entity belonging to the 
same group as Macquarie Bank. 
Risk factors 
An investment in the Warrants involves risks that include, without limitation; those described in 
“Risk Factors” on pages 15 to 40 inclusive of this Base Prospectus. 
No authorisation 
No person has been authorised to give any information or make any representations not 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Macquarie Bank, the Group, the 
Programme or the issue or sale of the Warrants and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by Macquarie Bank or any 
Manager.   
Distribution 
The Warrants have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (“Securities Act”), and trading in the Warrants has not been and will not be 
approved by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the United States 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1936.  Warrants may not be offered, sold, resold, delivered or 
transferred within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act) at any time, unless the Final Terms relating to the Warrant 
expressly provide otherwise in connection with an offering of the Warrant pursuant to an 
exemption from, or a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act.  The Warrants will be exercisable by the holder only upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership unless the Final Terms relating to a Warrant expressly provides otherwise in 
connection with an offering of the Warrant pursuant to an exemption from, or a transaction not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  See “Offering and Sale – United 
States” on pages 128 and 129 of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offer or sale of Warrants 
may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions.  Neither Macquarie Bank nor any Manager 
represents that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Warrants may be 
lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, except for registration of this Base 
Prospectus, no action has been taken by Macquarie Bank or a Manager which would permit a 
public offering of any Warrants or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Warrants may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may 
be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Managers have represented that all 
offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms.   
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Warrants come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions.  In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Warrants in Australia, the United 
States, the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan, Korea, 
India, Canada, the People’s Republic of China, Malaysia, and Taiwan (see “Offering and Sale” on 
pages 127 to 135 inclusive of this Base Prospectus). 
The Warrants create options exercisable by the relevant holder.  There is no obligation upon any 
holder to exercise his or her Warrant nor, in the absence of such exercise, any obligation on 
Macquarie Bank to pay any amount or deliver any asset to any holder of a Warrant.  The Warrants 
will be exercisable in the manner set forth herein and in the applicable Final Terms.     
No offer 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information provided in connection with the Warrants 
or the Programme is intended to, nor does it, constitute an offer or invitation by or on behalf of 
Macquarie Bank or any other person to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise deal in any Warrants 
nor is it intended to be used for the purpose of or in connection with offers or invitations to 
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise deal in any Warrants. 
Australian banking legislation 
Macquarie Bank is an “authorised deposit-taking institution” (“ADI”) as that term is defined under 
the Banking Act 1959 of Australia (“Banking Act”).   
The Banking Act provides that, in the event an ADI becomes unable to meet its obligations or 
suspends payment, the ADI’s assets in Australia are to be available to meet specified liabilities of 
the ADI in priority to all other liabilities of the ADI (including the Warrants). These specified liabilities 
include certain obligations of the ADI to the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority (“APRA”) in 
respect of amounts payable by APRA to holders of protected accounts, other liabilities of the ADI 
in Australia in relation to protected accounts, debts to the Reserve Bank of Australia (“RBA”) and 
certain other debts to APRA.  A “protected account” is either (a) an account where the ADI is 
required to pay the account-holder, on demand or at an agreed time, the net credit balance of 
the account, or (b) another account or financial product prescribed by regulation. 
Warrants issued under the Programme are not protected accounts for the purposes of the 
Financial Claims Scheme and are not deposit liabilities of Macquarie Bank.  They are unsecured 
obligations of Macquarie Bank and in the event of the winding up of Macquarie Bank would rank 
equally with other unsecured obligations of Macquarie Bank and ahead of subordinated debt and 
obligations to shareholders (in their capacity as such).

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
Warrants are not guaranteed by the Australian Government or by any other party. 
References to currencies 
In this Base Prospectus, references to “A$” and “Australian Dollars” are to the lawful currency of 
the Commonwealth of Australia, references to “Japanese Yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan 
and references to “€” and “euro” are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of 
the European Union, as amended from time to time. 
1T1TSupplement to the Prospectus 
1T1TIf at any time Macquarie Bank shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, Macquarie Bank will prepare and make 
available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further prospectus which, in 
respect of any subsequent issue of Warrants to 1T1Tbe listed and traded on 1T1Tthe professional segment 
of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to which only Qualified Investors 
can have access for the purposes of trading in such securities, shall constitute a supplement to 
the prospectus as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, subject to approval by the 
CSSF. 
1T1TMacquarie Bank has undertaken, in connection with the listing of the Warrants, that if at any time 
while any Warrants are listed and traded on the professional segment of the Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Warrants and whose inclusion in this Base Prospectus or removal is necessary 
for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of Macquarie Bank and the rights 
attaching to the Warrants, Macquarie Bank will prepare and make available a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus or a further prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of 
Warrants to be listed and traded on the professional segment of the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 10 ---
CONTENTS 
Page 
Introduction ............................................................................................................................................ 2 
Important Notice .................................................................................................................................... 5 
General Description of the Programme ............................................................................................. 11 
Risk Factors .......................................................................................................................................... 15 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................ 41 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants ............................................................................................. 45 
Form of Final Terms ............................................................................................................................. 95 
Macquarie Bank Limited ................................................................................................................... 101 
Offering and Sale ............................................................................................................................... 127 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................. 136 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................ 148 
General Information ........................................................................................................................... 149 
Directory ............................................................................................................................................. 152

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
General Description of the Programme 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25(1)(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019. It should be read, 
in relation to any Warrants, in conjunction with the Final Terms and, to the extent applicable, the 
Terms and Conditions.  This overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Warrants should be based on a consideration of this 
Base Prospectus as a whole, including without limitation, the “Risk Factors” on pages 15 to 40 
inclusive of this Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated herein by reference into this 
Base Prospectus (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on pages 41 to 44) inclusive of 
this Base Prospectus).  Words or expressions defined or used in the Terms and Conditions shall, 
unless the contrary intention appears, have the same meaning in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Macquarie Bank Limited (ABN 46 008 583 542), a corporation 
constituted with limited liability under the laws of the 
Commonwealth of Australia and authorised to carry on banking 
business in, amongst others, the Commonwealth of Australia, 
and the United Kingdom. 
 
Macquarie Bank Limited’s legal entity identifier (LEI) is 
4ZHCHI4KYZG2WVRT8631. 
Macquarie Bank’s expertise covers asset finance, lending,  
banking and risk and capital solutions across debt, equity and 
commodities. Macquarie Bank acts primarily as an investment 
intermediary for institutional, corporate, government and retail 
clients and counterparties around the world, generating income 
by providing a diversified range of products and services to 
clients1T1T. 
Macquarie Bank may offer Warrants acting through its head 
office in Sydney or its London Branch as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (if any) or (in other cases) as agreed with 
the relevant Manager. 
On 8 August 1994 Macquarie Bank Limited opened a London 
Branch. On 21 October 1994, Macquarie Bank Limited was 
registered under Schedule 21A to the Companies Act 1985 as 
having established a branch (Registration No. BR002678) in 
England and Wales. Macquarie Bank Limited, London Branch 
is an authorised person for the purposes of section 19 of the 
FSMA and is authorised and regulated by the Financial 
Conduct Authority (“FCA”) (Firm No. 170934). In the United 
Kingdom, Macquarie Bank Limited, London Branch, conducts 
regulated banking business. 
Macquarie Bank has a right of substitution as set out in 
Condition 13 (“Substitution of the Issuer”) on page 70 of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Description: 
Warrant Programme.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Managers: 
Macquarie Bank may from time to time appoint one or more 
Managers in respect of an issue of Warrants. 
Agents: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch has been appointed as 
principal warrant agent and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
has been appointed as Luxembourg warrant agent and 
Luxembourg listing agent for all Warrants listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  Macquarie Bank Limited has 
been appointed as calculation agent. 
No trustee or other organisation has been appointed to 
represent investors in Warrants issued under the Programme. 
Registrar: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
Programme: 
A programme allowing for the issuance of Warrants of any kind 
including, but not limited to, Warrants relating to a specified 
index or a basket of indices or a specified security or a basket 
of securities or a specified bond or a basket of bonds (subject 
to applicable legal and regulatory restrictions) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
there shall be no Warrants issued in relation to proprietary 
indices   
The applicable Final Terms will also specify whether Warrants 
are American-style Warrants or European-style Warrants, 
whether settlement shall be by way of cash payment or physical 
delivery, whether the Warrants are call Warrants or put 
Warrants, whether any coupon is payable and whether 
Warrants shall only be exercisable in units and whether 
averaging will apply. 
Distribution: 
Warrants may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. 
Programme Term: 
The Programme will not have a fixed maturity date. 
Method of Issue: 
Macquarie Bank may from time to time issue Warrants in one or 
more Series.  
Issue Price: 
Warrants may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount to, or premium over, par, and on a fully or partly paid 
basis and will be specified in the relevant Final Terms (if any) or 
(in other cases) as agreed between Macquarie Bank and the 
relevant Manager(s). 
Final Terms: 
Each Final Terms will provide particular information relating to a 
particular issue of Warrants.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Form of Warrants: 
Warrants will be issued in uncertificated registered form.  Each 
issue of Warrants will be constituted and represented by a 
Global Warrant executed as a deed poll in favour of the holders 
of those Warrants from time to time and which will be issued 
and deposited with a common depositary on behalf of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear on the date of issue of 
the relevant Warrants.  Definitive Warrants will not be issued.  
Each person who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or of Euroclear as the holder of a 
particular amount of Warrants (in which regard any certificate or 
other document issued by Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear as to the amount of Warrants standing to the account 
of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes 
save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer 
and the Warrant Agents as the holder of such amount of 
Warrants for all purposes. 
Use of Proceeds: 
Proceeds realised from the issuance of Warrants will be used by 
Macquarie Bank for the Group’s general corporate purposes. 
Settlement Currencies: 
The settlement currency will be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Status of the Warrants: 
Warrants will be direct, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of Macquarie Bank. 
Warrants will rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves.  Claims against Macquarie Bank in respect of the 
Warrants will rank at least equally with the claims of other 
unsecured and unsubordinated creditors of Macquarie Bank 
(except creditors mandatorily preferred by law) and ahead of 
subordinated debt and obligations to shareholders (in their 
capacity as such).    
Governing Law:  
The Warrants will be governed by English law.  
Listing and admission to  
trading: 
Warrants issued under the Programme may be listed on the 
official list of Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the professional segment of the Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to which only Qualified 
Investors can have access for the purposes of trading in such 
securities or unlisted.  
Application has been made for Warrants to be issued by 
Macquarie Bank under the Programme during the period of 
twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus for listing 
on the official list and admitted to trading on the professional 
segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange.  The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the 
purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Selling and transfer  
restrictions: 
The offering, sale, delivery and transfer of Warrants and the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and other material in 
relation to any Warrants are subject to restrictions as may apply 
in any country in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Warrants including, in particular, 
restrictions in Australia, the United States of America, the 
European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, 
Singapore, Japan, Korea, India, Canada, the People’s Republic 
of China, Malaysia and Taiwan.  See “Offering and Sale” on 
pages 127 to 135 inclusive of this Base Prospectus. 
The 
various 
categories 
of 
potential 
investors 
include 
experienced investors, financial institutions, hedge funds, 
mutual funds and retirement funds. The Warrants may not be 
offered, sold, delivered or transferred to retail investors, that is, 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU or a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2002/92/EC, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU. 
In addition, the Warrants may be subject to certain restrictions on resales and transfers set out in 
the section entitled “Important Notice” on pages 5 to 9 inclusive of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Risk Factors 
Macquarie Bank is subject to a variety of risks that arise out of our financial services and other 
businesses, many of which are not within our control. Macquarie Bank manages its ongoing 
business risks in accordance with its risk management policies and procedures. The following are 
the material risk factors that could affect its businesses, prospects, results of operations or 
financial condition. Investment considerations for the purpose of assessing the risks associated 
with Warrants issued under the Programme and the market for Warrants generally are also 
described below. 
Potential investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus (including any documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) and 
consult their own financial, tax and legal advisers as to the risks and investment considerations 
arising from an investment in the Warrants, the appropriate tools to analyse such an investment, 
and consider the suitability of such an investment in the context of the particular circumstances 
of each investor.    
Macquarie Bank is an ADI as that term is defined under the Banking Act. See “Australian banking 
legislation” on page 8 of this Base Prospectus.  
Risk category 1: 1T1TRisks relating to Warrants and the market generally 
Worthless expiration of Warrants 
The Warrants involve a high degree of risk, which may include, among others, interest rate, foreign 
exchange, time value and political risks.  Prospective purchasers of Warrants should recognise 
that their Warrants, other than any Warrants having a minimum expiration value, may expire 
worthless.  Purchasers should be prepared to sustain a total loss of the purchase price of their 
Warrants, to the extent of any minimum expiration value attributable to such Warrants.     
The risk of the loss of some or all of the purchase price of a Warrant upon expiration means that, 
in order to recover and realise a return upon his or her investment, a purchaser of a Warrant must 
generally be correct about the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated change in the 
value of the relevant reference security (or basket of securities), index (or basket of indices) or 
bond (or basket of bonds).  Assuming all other factors are held constant, the more a Warrant is 
“out-of-the-money” and the shorter its remaining term to expiration, the greater the risk that 
purchasers of such Warrants will lose all or part of their investment.  With respect to European-
style Warrants, the only means through which a holder can realise value from the Warrant prior 
to the Exercise Date in relation to such Warrant is to sell it at its then market price in an available 
secondary market.  See “Possible Illiquidity of the Warrants in the Secondary Market” below. 
Risks relating to the value of the relevant underlying 
Fluctuations in the value of the relevant index or basket of indices will affect the value of Index 
Warrants.  Fluctuations in the price of the relevant equity security or value of the basket of equity 
securities will affect the value of Security Warrants.  Fluctuations in the price of the relevant bond 
or basket of bonds will affect the value of Bond Warrants. Assuming all other factors being equal, 
(i) for call Warrants linked to a security, an index or a bond, or a basket of securities, indices or 
bonds, when the price of the security/securities, index/indices or bond/bonds increases, the value 
of the Warrants increases and when the price of the security/securities, index/indices or 
bond/bonds decreases, the value of the Warrant decreases, and (ii) for put Warrants, when the 
price of the security/securities, index/indices or bond/bonds increases, the Warrant price 
decreases and when the price of the security/securities, index/indices or bond/bonds decreases, 
the value of the Warrant increases. Purchasers of Warrants risk losing their entire investment if 
the value of the relevant underlying basis of reference does not move in the anticipated direction.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Loss of time value 
The Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Cash Settled Warrants) or the difference in the value 
of the Entitlement and the Exercise Price (“Physical Settlement Value”) (in the case of Physical 
Delivery Warrants) at any time prior to expiration is typically expected to be less than the trading 
price of such Warrants at that time.  The difference between the trading price and the Cash 
Settlement Amount or the Physical Settlement Value, as the case may be, will reflect, among 
other things, the “time value” of the Warrants.  The “time value” of the Warrants will depend partly 
upon the length of the period remaining to expiration and expectations concerning the value of 
the reference security (or basket of securities), index (or basket of indices) or bond (or basket of 
bonds).  Warrants offer hedging and investment diversification opportunities but also pose some 
additional risks with regard to erosion in value.   
Limitations on Exercise 
If so indicated in the Final Terms, Macquarie Bank will have the option to limit the number of 
Warrants exercisable on any date (other than the final exercise date) to the maximum number 
specified in the Final Terms and, in conjunction with such limitation, to limit the number of 
Warrants exercisable by any person or group of persons (whether or not acting in concert) on 
such date.  In the event that the total number of Warrants being exercised on any date (other than 
the final exercise date) exceeds such maximum number and Macquarie Bank elects to limit the 
number of Warrants exercisable on such date, a Warrantholder may not be able to exercise on 
such date all Warrants that such holder desires to exercise.   
Minimum Exercise Amount 
If so indicated in the Final Terms, a Warrantholder must tender a specified number of Warrants at 
any one time in order to exercise.  Thus, Warrantholders with fewer than the specified minimum 
number of Warrants will either have to sell their Warrants or purchase additional Warrants, 
incurring transaction costs in each case, in order to realise their investment.  Furthermore, holders 
of such Warrants incur the risk that there may be differences between the trading price of such 
Warrants and the Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Cash Settled Warrants) or the Physical 
Settlement Value (in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants) of such Warrants. 
Certain Considerations Regarding Hedging 
Prospective purchasers intending to purchase Warrants to hedge against the market risk 
associated with investing in a reference security (or basket of securities), index (or basket of 
indices) or bond (or basket of bonds), should recognise the complexities of utilising Warrants in 
this manner.  For example, the value of the Warrants may not exactly correlate with the value of 
the reference security (or basket of securities), index (or basket of indices) or bond (or basket of 
bonds).  Due to fluctuating supply and demand for the Warrants, there is no assurance that their 
value will correlate with movements of the reference security (or basket of securities), index (or 
basket of indices) or bond (or basket of bonds).  For these reasons, among others, it may not be 
possible to purchase or liquidate securities in a portfolio at the prices used to calculate the value 
of any relevant index or basket. 
Effect of Credit Rating Reduction 
The value of the Warrants is expected to be affected, in part, by investors’ general appraisal of 
Macquarie Bank’s creditworthiness. Such perceptions may be influenced by the ratings accorded 
to Macquarie Bank’s outstanding securities by rating services such as Fitch Ratings Ltd.  A 
reduction in the rating, if any, accorded to outstanding debt securities of Macquarie Bank, by any 
such rating agency could result in a reduction in the trading value of the Warrants.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Time Lag after Exercise 
There will be a time lag between the time a Warrantholder gives instructions to exercise and the 
time the applicable Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Cash Settled Warrants) relating to 
such exercise is determined.  Any such delay between the time of exercise and the determination 
of the Cash Settlement Amount will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable 
Terms and Conditions.  However, such delay could be significantly longer, particularly in the case 
of a delay in exercise of Warrants arising from any daily maximum exercise limitation, the 
occurrence of a market disruption event (if applicable) or following the imposition of any exchange 
controls or other similar regulations affecting the ability to obtain or exchange any relevant 
currency (or basket of currencies).  The applicable Cash Settlement Amount may change 
significantly during any such period, and such movement or movements could decrease the Cash 
Settlement Amount of the Warrants being exercised and may result in such Cash Settlement 
Amount being zero.  
Possible Illiquidity of the Warrants in the Secondary Market 
It is not possible to predict the price at which Warrants will trade in the secondary market or 
whether such market will be liquid or illiquid.  Macquarie Bank may, but is not obliged to, list 
Warrants on a stock exchange.  Also, to the extent Warrants of a particular issue are exercised, 
the number of Warrants of such issue outstanding will decrease, resulting in a diminished liquidity 
for the remaining Warrants of such issue.  A decrease in the liquidity of an issue of Warrants may 
cause, in turn, an increase in the volatility associated with the price of such issue of Warrants.   
Macquarie Bank may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Warrants at any price in the 
open market or by tender or private treaty.  Any Warrants so purchased may be held or resold or 
surrendered for cancellation.  Macquarie Bank may, but is not obliged to, be a market-maker for 
an issue of Warrants.  Even if Macquarie Bank is a market-maker for an issue of Warrants, the 
secondary market for such Warrants may be limited.  In addition, affiliates of Macquarie Bank may 
purchase Warrants at the time of their initial distribution and from time to time thereafter.  To the 
extent that an issue of Warrants becomes illiquid, an investor may have to exercise such Warrants 
to realise value.  
The Warrants, if admitted to trading, will be admitted to trading on the professional segment of 
the Regulated Market. Only Qualified Investors are eligible to trade on the professional segment. 
No retail investors can trade in the Warrants.  
 
Exercise Procedure and Exercise Notice 
Warrantholders who wish to exercise their Warrants should ensure they follow the proper exercise 
procedures.  If the Warrants are not properly exercised they will lapse. 
Potential Adjustment Events 
In relation to Security Warrants or Bond Warrants linked to one or more convertible or 
exchangeable bond, certain corporate events may occur which result in an adjustment to any 
one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement and/or the Exercise Price and/or the 
Multiplier and/or any other Terms and Conditions of the Warrants and/or the applicable Final 
Terms.  Such corporate events include reconstructions of capital, cash returns of capital, bonus 
issues, rights issues and extraordinary dividends.  Macquarie Bank will notify the Warrantholders 
of any such adjustment. There is no requirement that there should be an adjustment for every 
corporate action. Events in respect of which no adjustment is made to the terms of the Warrants 
may affect the value of the Warrants and your return from the Warrants.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency in relation to a Security 
In relation to Security Warrants or Bond Warrants linked to one or more convertible or 
exchangeable bond, the occurrence of a Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation 
or Insolvency (each as defined in Condition 15(B)(2)(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Warrants) in relation to a Security may result in an adjustment to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Entitlement and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Multiplier and/or any other 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants and/or the applicable Final Terms or the cancellation of 
the relevant Warrants. As a result, the value of your investment may be adversely affected. 
Macquarie Bank will notify the Warrantholders of the occurrence of any such event and the action 
to be taken in relation to such event. 
Exercise of Discretion by Macquarie Bank 
Warrantholders should note that some provisions of the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
confer discretion on Macquarie Bank. The manner of exercise or non-exercise of these discretions 
could adversely affect the value of the Warrants. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
Macquarie Bank and its affiliates may also engage in trading activities (including hedging activities) 
related to the interest underlying any Warrants and other instruments or derivative products based 
on or related to the interest underlying any Warrants for their proprietary accounts or for other 
accounts under their management.  Macquarie Bank and its affiliates may also issue other 
derivative instruments in respect of the interest underlying Warrants.  Macquarie Bank and its 
affiliates may also act as underwriter in connection with future offerings of shares or other 
securities related to an issue of Warrants or may act as financial adviser to certain Security Issuers 
or Basket Security Issuers or in a commercial banking capacity for certain Security Issuers or 
Basket Security Issuers.  Macquarie Bank will undertake the duties of calculation agent in respect 
of the Warrants unless another entity is specified in the applicable Final Terms. Such activities 
could present certain conflicts of interest, could influence the prices of such shares or other 
securities and could adversely affect the value of such Warrants. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
underlying of the Warrants shall not be any shares or bonds of Macquarie Bank or its affiliates. 
Exchange rate risk related to the Warrants 
If you purchase Warrants by a currency other than the settlement currency, you will be subject to 
the exchange rate movement of such currencies and incur conversion cost (being the buy/sell 
spread). If the underlying asset is denominated in a currency different from the settlement 
currency, you will also be subject to the exchange rate movement of such currencies. Market 
movement of currencies may adversely impact the payout of the Warrants. 
Exchange traded fund (ETF) Risk 
Where an underlying is an ETF, you are exposed to the political, economic, currency and other 
risks related to the synthetic ETF’s underlying index. If such ETF invests in derivatives, you are 
exposed to the credit risk of the counterparties of such derivatives. You should consider the 
potential contagion and concentration risk of such counterparties. If the ETF has underlying 
collateral, the market value of the collateral may fall substantially when the ETF seeks to realise 
the collateral. A higher liquidity risk is involved if an ETF involves derivatives that do not have an 
active market, and wider bid-offer spreads in the price of derivatives may results in losses in ETF. 
There may also be disparity between the performance of the ETF and the index due to, for 
example, failure of tracking strategy, fees and expenses. Also, where the index that the ETF tracks 
is subject to restricted access, the efficiency in unit creation and redemption to keep the ETF 
price in line with its net asset value (NAV) may be disrupted, causing the ETF to trade at a higher

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
premium to its NAV and hence suffer loss. For any dealing of structured products with ETFs as 
underlying, you should have read and understood all relevant product information (including 
offering documents) of the ETFs before placing your order. 
Risks relating to Bond Warrants 
In the event of the occurrence of certain credit-related circumstances in relation to a bond, the 
amount paid or the value of the underlying assets received, at settlement of the Warrants (after 
deduction of costs, break funding charges, loss of funding, tax and duties) determined by 
reference to the value of the bond(s) may reduce the value of the Warrants. 
Warrantholders may be exposed to fluctuations in the creditworthiness of the relevant bond 
issuer, or to the imposition or increase of withholding taxes or other adverse performance of the 
bonds. Their exposure to the bonds may be leveraged by their investment in the Warrants 
compared to a direct investment in such bonds. 
Emerging markets risk 
Where the underlying asset is listed on or otherwise related to emerging market countries, 
investors should note that the economies of many emerging markets are still in the early stages 
of modern development and subject to abrupt and unexpected change. In many cases, 
governments retain a high degree of direct control over the economy and may take actions that 
have a sudden and widespread effect.  
Emerging market regions are also subject to special risks including: generally less liquid and less 
efficient securities markets; generally greater price volatility, exchange rate fluctuations and foreign 
exchange control; higher volatility of the value of debt; imposition of restrictions on the expatriation 
of funds or other assets; foreign exchange control; less publicly available information about 
issuers; uncertain and changing tax regimes; less liquidity; less well regulated markets; different 
accounting and disclosure standard; governmental interference; social, economic and political 
uncertainties and the risk of expropriation of assets. 
No proprietary interest in the underlying asset 
The Warrantholder will have no proprietary interest in the underlying assets and/or any instrument 
used for the purposes of hedging obligations under the Warrants. As a result, the Warrantholder 
will not have the ability to exercise any rights (including voting rights) attached to the underlying 
assets. 
Illegality and impracticability  
If the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligation under the Warrants has become or 
will become illegal or impracticable, it may cancel the Warrants and an investor may sustain loss 
as a result. 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging 
If Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost of Hedging occurs, the Issuer may adjust 
the terms of the Warrants in its sole discretion or early terminate the Warrants at the fair market 
value less any hedging cost. In such case, you may lose a substantial part of your investment. 
FX disruption 
If FX Disruption (including impossibility or impracticability to convert any amount into the 
Settlement Currency, to transfer or repatriate any amount outside of the country in which the 
Hedge Positions are traded or to obtain firm quote for relevant foreign exchange rate) occurs, is 
continuing or exists on or prior to any date on which a payment is scheduled to be made, the

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Issuer may either suspend the settlement, settle in another currency or terminate the Warrants 
early.  You may not be able to get back your investment on the scheduled date if the Issuer 
suspends the settlement and you may lose your entire investment if the suspension is not lifted. 
If the Warrants are settled in another currency or terminated early, the amount you receive can 
be substantially less than your initial investment. 
Creditworthiness of the Issuer 
The Warrantholder is reliant on the Issuer’s creditworthiness and of no other person. If the Issuer 
becomes insolvent or defaults on its obligations under the Warrants, the Warrantholder can only 
claim as our unsecured creditor regardless of the performance of the underlying assets and they 
may not be able to recover all or even part of the amount due under the Warrants (if any). The 
Warrantholder has no rights under the terms of the Warrants against the Issuer. 
The Warrants may be cancelled early following the exercise by the Issuer of a call option 
Where the terms and conditions of the Warrants provide that the Issuer has the right to call the 
Warrants, following the exercise by the Issuer of such option, the Warrantholder will be unable to 
realise their expectations for a gain in the value of such Warrants and, if applicable, will no longer 
participate in the performance of the underlying asset(s) or any Coupon Amount payable under 
the Warrants. 
The Issuer is under no obligation to consider the interests of Warrantholders when it determines 
whether or not to exercise its call option and you should consider the risk of reinvestment in light 
of other investments likely to be available at such time. 
Taxes 
Each Warrantholder will assume and be solely responsible for all taxes, duties and/or expenses 
arising in connection with any payment of a Cash Settlement Amount or other amount payable in 
accordance with the terms of the Warrants. In addition, the Issuer shall have the right to withhold 
or deduct from any amount payable to Warrantholders such amount as shall be necessary to 
account for any tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment, whether realized or expected, 
in respect of any hedging transactions in respect of any Warrants. The Warrantholder is also 
required to indemnify the Issuer against any loss or cost in respect of tax paid or to be paid in 
accordance with the hedging transaction. The Issuer may determine the amount of any applicable 
capital gain tax on a first-in-first-out basis or such other basis at its discretion. If such tax is 
determined on a first-in-first-out basis, the tax subject to deduction, withholding and/or indemnity 
may be determined by reference to the overall position of the Issuer (or a counterparty of the 
Issuer) in the relevant asset which may include not only the Hedge Position for a particular series 
of Warrant but also Hedge Position for all other financial instruments issued, or transactions 
entered into, by the Issuer and/or its affiliates (or a counterparty of the Issuer) and proprietary 
position of the Issuer and/or its affiliates (or a counterparty of the Issuer). The amount of capital 
gain tax attributable to a particular series of Warrants would depend on the timing of the 
unwinding of the Hedge Positions for such Warrants relative to the timing for unwinding the Hedge 
Positions for other financial instruments or transactions over the same underlying assets or 
disposal of the proprietary positions of the Issuer (and/or its affiliates or a counterparty of the 
Issuer). It is possible that the Warrantholder may suffer adverse tax consequence if the capital 
gain tax is determined on a first-in-first-out basis. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Under Sections 1471-1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (“FATCA”, enacted in 2010 as part 
of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act), certain foreign financial institutions (such as 
Macquarie Bank) will be required to provide the U.S. Internal Revenue Service with information

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
on accounts held by U.S. persons or be subject to a 30% U.S. withholding tax on all, or a portion 
of, certain payments it receives. Compliance with FATCA will require substantial investment in a 
documentation and reporting framework. In the absence of compliance with FATCA, Macquarie 
Bank could be exposed to a withholding tax which would reduce the cash available to be paid by 
Macquarie Bank. In addition, under FATCA, Macquarie Bank or other financial institutions through 
which payments on the Warrants are made or through which an investor owns its Warrants may 
be required to withhold amounts on the Warrants if (i) there is a "non-participating" non-U.S. 
financial institution in the payment chain or (ii) the Warrants are treated as "financial accounts" for 
purposes of FATCA and the investor does not provide certain information, which may include the 
name, address and taxpayer identification number with respect to direct and certain indirect U.S. 
investors. 
While the Warrants are in global form and held within the clearing systems, in all but the most 
remote circumstances, it is not expected that FATCA will affect the amount of any payment 
received by the clearing systems. However, FATCA may affect payments made to custodians or 
intermediaries in the subsequent payment chain leading to the ultimate investor if any such 
custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. It 
also may affect payment to any ultimate investor that is a financial institution that is not entitled to 
receive payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate investor that fails to provide its 
broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with any information, 
forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for the payments to be made 
free of FATCA withholding. Investors should choose the custodians or intermediaries with care 
(to ensure each is compliant with FATCA or other laws or agreements related to FATCA) and 
provide each custodian or intermediary with any information, forms, other documentation or 
consents that may be necessary for such custodian or intermediary to make a payment free of 
FATCA withholding. Investors should consult their own tax adviser to obtain a more detailed 
explanation of FATCA and how FATCA may affect them. The Issuer’s obligations under the 
Warrants are discharged once it has paid the common depositary or common safekeeper for the 
clearing systems (as bearer or registered holder of the Warrants) and the Issuer has therefore has 
no responsibility for any amount thereafter transmitted through hands of the clearing systems and 
custodians or intermediaries. 
Prospective investors should refer to the section "United States Taxation – Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act" on pages 144 to 147 of this Base Prospectus. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Warrants linked to 
or referencing such "benchmarks"  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks (including, amongst others, 
LIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, EURIBOR, BBSW and BKBM, each as defined below) are the subject of 
recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms, such as the discontinuation of LIBOR, are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, 
to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Warrants linked to or referencing such 
a "benchmark".   
In Australia, examples of reforms that are already effective include changes to the methodology 
for calculation of the Australian Bank Bill Swap Rate ("BBSW"), and amendments to the 
Corporations Act made by the Treasury Laws Amendment (2017 Measures No. 5) Act 2018 (Cth) 
of Australia which, among other things, enables ASIC to make rules relating to the generation and 
administration of financial benchmarks. On 6 June 2018, ASIC designated BBSW as a "significant 
financial benchmark" and made the ASIC Financial Benchmark (Administration) Rules 2018 and

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
the ASIC Financial Benchmarks (Compelled) Rules 2018. On 27 June 2019, ASIC granted ASX 
Benchmarks Pty Limited a licence to administer BBSW. 
In Europe, Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation”) applies, subject to 
certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to 
an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
In the United Kingdom, Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") among other things, applies to the provision of 
benchmarks and the use of a benchmark within the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK 
by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the United 
Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
In New Zealand, the Financial Markets (Derivatives Margin and Benchmarking) Reform 
Amendment Act 2019 ("FMRA Act") was enacted in August 2019. When the provisions of the 
FMRA Act relating to financial benchmarks come into effect, they will amend the FMC Act to 
establish a new licensing regime for administrators of financial benchmarks. These amendments 
aim to ensure that New Zealand's regulatory regime for financial benchmarks (including the New 
Zealand Bank Bill Reference Rate ("BKBM")) meets the equivalence requirements for the 
purposes of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
These reforms (including the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, 
as applicable), could have a material impact on any Warrants linked to or referencing a 
"benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in 
order to comply with the requirements imposed thereunder. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level of the relevant "benchmark". 
 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. 
 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high-level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing the euro interbank offered rate 
("EURIBOR").  The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference 
EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the 
euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark.  Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes 
as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Warrants linked to, referencing, or 
otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
The terms and conditions of the Warrants provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event 
that a published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or 
any replacement service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the interest rate 
could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate or the effective application of 
a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the published benchmark 
was available, which could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any 
Warrants which reference the published benchmark. Due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of a successor rate or an alternative rate, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. Any changes to a benchmark or changes in the manner 
of administration of a benchmark could result in an adjustment to the terms and conditions, early 
redemption, discretionary valuation by the Calculation Agent, delisting or other consequences in 
relation to the Warrants linked to such benchmark.  No consent of the Warrantholders shall be 
required in connection with effecting any successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable).  In 
addition, no consent of the Warrantholders shall be required in connection with any other related 
adjustments and/or amendments to the terms and conditions of the Warrants (or any other 
document) which are made in order to effect any successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable). 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Warrants. 
 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the 
benchmark replacement provisions of the Notes in making any investment decision with respect 
to any Warrants linked to or referencing a "benchmark".  
 
 
Risk category 2: 1T1TFactors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Warrants 
issued under the Programme 
The factors described below represent the inherent risks relating to Macquarie Bank and the 
Macquarie Bank Group. The value of the Warrants depends upon, amongst other things, the 
ability of Macquarie Bank to fulfil its obligations under the Warrants. The factors described below 
relating to Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group are not intended to be exhaustive 
and the Issuer makes no representation to the contrary. 
Macro-economic risks 
Macquarie Bank's and the Macquarie Bank Group’s business and results of operation have been 
and may, in the future, be adversely affected by financial markets, global credit and other 
economic conditions generally. 
The Macquarie Bank Group’s businesses operate in or depend on the operation of global markets, 
including through exposures in securities, loans, derivatives and other activities.  In particular, 
uncertainty and volatility in global credit markets, liquidity constraints, increased funding costs, 
the level and volatility of interest rates, constrained access to funding, fluctuations or other 
significant changes in both equity and capital market activity, supply chain disruptions and labor 
shortages have adversely affected and may again affect transaction flow in a range of industry 
sectors.  
Additionally, global markets may be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of 
climate change, extreme weather events or natural disasters, the emergence or continuation of 
widespread health emergencies or pandemics, cyberattacks or campaigns, military conduct, 
including escalating military tension between Russian and Ukraine, terrorism or other geopolitical 
events. The dynamic and rapidly evolving sanctions environment, including the volume and nature

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
of sanctions during the Russia-Ukraine conflict, Western sanction programs against China and 
Chinese reaction and sanctions in relation to human rights issues, continues to drive heightened 
sanctions compliance risk and complexity in applying control frameworks across the market. 
Moreover, actions by Russia, and any further measures taken by the U.S. or its allies, could have 
negative impacts on regional and financial markets and economic conditions. The actions of 
market participants in response to the Russia-Ukraine conflict have also resulted in substantial 
volatility in the global commodity markets. Growing concerns about energy availability have 
pushed prices higher across a range of commodities. Given that global energy security poses a 
threat to financial stability, a disorderly transition from Russian oil and gas supplies may magnify 
risks to the financial system. 
Actions taken by central banks, including changes to official interest rate targets, balance sheet 
management and government-sponsored lending facilities are beyond the Macquarie Bank 
Group’s control and difficult to predict. Sudden changes in monetary policy, for example in 
response to high inflation, could lead to financial market volatility and are likely to affect market 
interest rates and the value of financial instruments and other assets and liabilities, and can impact 
the Macquarie Bank Group’s customers. 
The Macquarie Bank Group’s trading income may be adversely affected during times of subdued 
market conditions and client activity and increased market risk can lead to trading losses or cause 
the Macquarie Bank Group to reduce the size of its trading businesses in order to limit its risk 
exposure. Market conditions, as well as declines in asset values, may cause the Macquarie Bank 
Group’s clients to transfer their assets out of the Macquarie Bank Group’s funds or other products 
or their brokerage accounts and result in reduced net revenues.  
The Macquarie Bank Group’s returns from asset sales may also decrease if economic conditions 
deteriorate. In addition, if financial markets decline, revenues from the Macquarie Bank Group’s 
products are likely to decrease. In addition, increases in volatility increase the level of the 
Macquarie Bank Group’s risk weighted assets and increase the Macquarie Bank Group’s capital 
requirements.  Increased capital requirements may require the Macquarie Bank Group to raise 
additional capital at a time, and on terms, which may be less favourable than the Macquarie Bank 
Group would otherwise achieve during stable market conditions. 
Sudden declines and significant volatility in the prices of assets may substantially curtail or 
eliminate the trading markets for certain assets, which may make it very difficult to sell, hedge or 
value such assets. The inability to sell or effectively hedge assets reduces the Macquarie Bank 
Group's ability to limit losses in such positions and difficulty in valuing assets may negatively affect 
the Macquarie Bank Group's capital, liquidity or leverage ratios, increase funding costs and 
generally require the Macquarie Bank Group to maintain additional capital. 
The commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely interrelated as a result 
of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships among financial institutions. Concerns about, or 
a default by, one or more institutions or by a sovereign could lead to market-wide liquidity 
problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, financial instruments losing their value and 
liquidity, and interruptions to capital markets that may further affect the Macquarie Bank Group. 
This is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, 
such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms, hedge funds and exchanges 
that Macquarie Bank interacts with on a daily basis. If any of the Macquarie Bank Group’s 
counterpart financial institutions fail, the Macquarie Bank Group’s financial exposures to that 
institution may lose some or all of their value. Any of these events would have a serious adverse 
effect on the Macquarie Bank Group’s liquidity, profitability and value.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
Changes and increased volatility in currency exchange rates may adversely impact Macquarie 
Bank’s financial results and its financial and regulatory capital positions 
While the Financial Statements (as defined below) are presented in Australian Dollars, a significant 
portion of the Macquarie Bank Group’s operating income is derived, and operating expenses are 
incurred, from its offshore business activities, which are conducted in a broad range of currencies.  
Changes in the rate at which the Australian Dollar is translated from other currencies can impact 
the Macquarie Bank Group’s financial statements and the economics of its business.  
Although the Macquarie Bank Group seeks to carefully manage its exposure to foreign currencies, 
in part through matching of assets and liabilities in local currencies and through the use of foreign 
exchange forward contracts to hedge its exposure, the Macquarie Bank Group is still exposed to 
exchange risk.  Insofar as the Macquarie Bank Group is unable to hedge or has not completely 
hedged its exposure to currencies other than the Australian Dollar, the Macquarie Bank Group’s 
reported profit and foreign currency translation reserve would be affected. 
In addition, because the Macquarie Bank Group’s regulatory capital position is assessed in 
Australian Dollars, its capital ratios may be adversely impacted by a depreciating Australian Dollar, 
which increases the capital requirement for assets denominated in currencies other than 
Australian Dollars. 
Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s businesses are subject to the risk of loss 
associated with price volatility in the equity and other markets in which they operate. 
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group are exposed to changes in the value of financial 
instruments and other financial assets that are carried at fair market value, as well as changes to 
the level of their advisory and other fees, due to changes in interest rates, exchange rates, equity 
and commodity prices and credit spreads and other market risks. These changes may result from 
changes in economic conditions, monetary and fiscal policies, market liquidity, availability and 
cost of capital, international and regional political events, acts of war or terrorism, corporate, 
political or other scandals that reduce investor confidence in capital markets, natural disasters or 
pandemics or a combination of these or other factors. 
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group trade in foreign exchange, interest rate, 
commodity, bullion, energy, securities and other markets and are an active price maker in the 
derivatives market. Certain financial instruments that Macquarie Bank and/or the Macquarie Bank 
Group hold and contracts to which they are a party are complex and these complex structured 
products often do not have readily available markets to access in times of liquidity stress. 
Additionally, a number of these markets, and in particular the energy markets, have experienced 
increased levels of volatility as a result of uncertainty related to ongoing recent developments, 
including the COVID-19 pandemic and the Russia-Ukraine conflict. Macquarie Bank and the 
Macquarie Bank Group may incur losses as a result of volatility in market prices for products 
Macquarie Bank trades, which decreases the valuation of its trading and investment positions, 
including its interest rate and credit products, currency, commodity and equity positions. In 
addition, reductions in equity market prices or increases in interest rates may reduce the value of 
their clients’ portfolios, which in turn may reduce the fees Macquarie Bank earns for managing 
assets in certain parts of their business. Increases in interest rates or attractive prices for other 
investments could cause Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s clients to transfer 
their assets out of its funds or other products. 
Interest rate benchmarks around the world (for example, the discontinuation of the London Inter-
Bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR”)) have been subject to regulatory scrutiny and are subject to change.  
See also "Macquarie Bank Group may not manage risks associated with the replacement of 
benchmark indices effectively" in this Risk Factor section.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
Interest rate risk arises from a variety of sources including mismatches between the repricing 
periods of assets and liabilities. As a result of these mismatches, movements in interest rates can 
affect earnings or the value of the Macquarie Bank Group.  
Funding constraints of investors may impact Macquarie Bank’s and/or the Macquarie Bank 
Group’s income 
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group generate a portion of their income from the sale 
of assets.  If buyers are unable to obtain financing to purchase assets that Macquarie Bank and 
the Macquarie Bank Group currently hold or purchase with the intention to sell in the future, 
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group may be required to hold investment assets for 
a longer period than they intended or sell these assets at lower prices than they historically would 
have expected to achieve, which may lower their rate of return on these investments and require 
funding for periods longer than they have anticipated.   
Failure of Macquarie Bank or the Macquarie Bank Group to maintain their credit ratings and those 
of their subsidiaries could adversely affect their cost of funds, liquidity, competitive position and 
access to capital markets 
The credit ratings assigned to Macquarie Bank or the Macquarie Bank Group and certain of their 
subsidiaries by rating agencies are based on an evaluation of a number of factors, including the 
Macquarie Bank Group’s ability to maintain a stable and diverse earnings stream, strong capital 
ratios, strong credit quality and risk management controls, funding stability and security, 
disciplined liquidity management and its key operating environments, including the availability of 
systemic support in Australia.  In addition, a credit rating downgrade could be driven by the 
occurrence of one or more of the other risks identified in this section or by other events that are 
not related to the Macquarie Bank Group.  
If these Macquarie Bank Group entities fail to maintain their current credit ratings, this could (i) 
adversely affect Macquarie Bank’s or the Macquarie Bank Group’s cost of funds and related 
margins, liquidity, competitive position, the willingness of counterparties to transact with the 
Macquarie Bank Group and its ability to access capital markets or (ii) trigger Macquarie Bank’s or 
the Macquarie Bank Group’s obligations under certain bilateral provisions in some of their trading 
and collateralised financing contracts.  Under these provisions, counterparties could be permitted 
to terminate contracts with the Macquarie Bank Group or require it to post additional collateral.  
Termination of Macquarie Bank’s or a Macquarie Bank Group entity’s trading and collateralised 
financing contracts could cause them to sustain losses and impair their liquidity by requiring them 
to find other sources of financing or to make significant cash payments or securities movements. 
Global economic, market and business risks with respect to the COVID-19 pandemic 
The COVID-19 pandemic caused, and will likely continue to cause, severe impacts on global, 
regional and national economies and disruption to international trade and business activity. 
Governments worldwide, including in Australia, enacted emergency measures to combat the 
spread of the virus, included wide ranging restrictions on, suspensions of, or advice against, 
regional and international travel, gatherings of groups of people, as well as prolonged closures of 
workplaces and many other normal activities, all of which have had, and may continue to have, a 
substantial negative impact on economic and business activity due to a range of factors. While 
financial markets have rebounded from the significant declines that occurred early in the 
pandemic, certain circumstances that arose or became more pronounced after the onset of the 
COVID-19 pandemic have persisted, including (i) relatively weak consumer confidence; (ii) 
elevated levels of market volatility; (iii) yields on government bonds which, at times, were near 
zero; (iv) ongoing heightened credit risk with regard to industries that have been most severely 
impacted by the pandemic; (v) higher cyber security, information security and operational risks as

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
a result of hybrid work arrangements; and (vi) interruptions in the supply chain that have adversely 
affected many businesses and have contributed to higher rates of inflation. This may in turn 
reduce the level of activity in sectors in which certain of the Macquarie Group’s businesses 
operate and thus have a negative impact on such businesses’ ability to generate revenues or 
profits. 
Governments and central banks around the world have taken increased measures to stabilise the 
financial markets and support economic growth. If the COVID-19 pandemic is prolonged and/or 
actions of governments and central banks are unsuccessful in mitigating the economic disruption, 
the negative impact on global growth and global financial markets could be amplified, and may 
lead to recessions in national, regional or global economies.  
The Macquarie Bank Group continues to closely monitor the pandemic and related risks as they 
evolve globally and domestically. The impact of COVID-19 on the economy and the Macquarie 
Bank Group’s personnel and operations is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted and will 
depend on the magnitude and duration of the pandemic, the emergence and spread of variants 
of COVID-19, the prevalence of escalating rates of infection in various jurisdictions, the availability, 
adoption and efficacy of treatments and vaccines, future actions taken by government authorities, 
central banks and other third parties in response to the pandemic. All these factors may lead to 
further reduced client activity and demand for the Macquarie Bank Group’s products and services, 
higher credit and valuation losses in Macquarie Bank Group loan and investment portfolios, 
impairments of financial assets, trading losses and other negative impacts on the Macquarie 
Group’s financial position, including possible constraints on capital and liquidity, as well as higher 
costs of capital, and possible changes or downgrades to Macquarie Bank’s credit ratings. If 
conditions deteriorate or remain uncertain for a prolonged period, the Macquarie Group’s funding 
costs may increase and the ability to replace maturing liabilities may be limited, which could 
adversely affect its ability to fund and grow its business. This may adversely impact the Macquarie 
Group’s results of operations and financial condition. Please refer to our 2022 audited 
consolidated annual financial statements in the 2022 Annual Report of Macquarie Bank and 2023 
interim financial statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, for further 
information on the financial statement impact of COVID-19. 
The Macquarie Bank Group could suffer losses due to climate change 
The Macquarie Bank Group's businesses could also suffer losses due to climate change. Climate 
change is systemic in nature and is a significant long-term driver of both financial and non-financial 
risks. Climate change related impacts include physical risks from changing climatic conditions 
which could result from increased frequency and/or severity of adverse weather events. Such 
disasters could disrupt the Macquarie Group’s operations or the operations of customers or third 
parties on which the Macquarie Bank Group rely. Additionally, climate change could result in 
transition risks such as changes to laws and regulations, technology development and disruptions 
and changes in consumer and market preferences towards low carbon goods and services. 
These factors could restrict the scope of the Macquarie Bank Group’s existing businesses, limit 
the Macquarie Bank Group’s ability to pursue certain business activities and offer certain products 
and services, amplify credit and market risks, negatively impact asset values and/or otherwise 
adversely impact the Macquarie Bank Group, its business or its customers.  
 
As part of the Macquarie Bank Group’s commodities business, the Macquarie Bank Group 
purchases and sells certain physical commodities, arranges for their storage and transport, and 
engages in market making of commodities. These activities subject the Macquarie Bank Group 
and/or the entities in which it invests to extensive and evolving federal, state and local energy, 
environmental, and other governmental laws and regulations worldwide. Additionally, rising

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
climate change concerns have led to additional regulation that could increase the operating costs 
and adversely affect the profitability of certain of the Macquarie Bank Group’s investments. 
Commodities involved in the Macquarie Bank Group’s intermediation activities and investments 
may also be subject to the risk of unforeseen or catastrophic events, which are likely to be outside 
of the Macquarie Bank Group’s control. The occurrence of any of such events may prevent the 
Macquarie Bank Group from performing under its agreements with clients, may impair its 
operations or financial results and may result in litigation, regulatory scrutiny and/or action, 
negative publicity or other reputational harm. 
The Macquarie Bank Group’s response to climate change, its climate strategies, policies and 
disclosure, and/or its ability to achieve its climate-related goals and commitments (which are 
subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of its control) may affect the 
Macquarie Bank Group's performance and could have wide-ranging impacts for the Macquarie 
Bank Group. These include, but are not limited to, impacts on the probability of default and losses 
arising from defaults, asset valuations and collateral, may result in litigation, regulatory scrutiny 
and/or action, negative publicity or other reputational harm, reduced investor and stakeholder 
confidence or could prompt the Macquarie Bank Group to exit certain businesses altogether. 
Failure to effectively manage these risks could adversely affect the Macquarie Bank Group's 
business, prospects, reputation, financial performance or financial condition. 
Legal and regulatory risks 
Many of Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s businesses are highly regulated and 
they could be adversely affected by temporary and permanent changes in law, regulations and 
regulatory policy. 
The Macquarie Bank Group operates various kinds of businesses across multiple jurisdictions or 
sectors which are regulated by more than one regulator. Additionally, some members of the 
Macquarie Bank Group own or manage assets and businesses that are regulated.  The Macquarie 
Bank Group’s businesses include an ADI in Australia (regulated by APRA), a credit institution in 
Ireland, a bank branch in the United Kingdom, the Dubai International Finance Centre and 
Singapore and representative offices in the United States, New Zealand, South Africa, Brazil and 
Switzerland.  The regulations vary from country to country but generally are designed to protect 
depositors and the banking system as a whole, not holders of Macquarie Bank’s securities or 
creditors. In addition, as a diversified financial institution, many of the Macquarie Bank Group’s 
businesses are subject to financial services regulation other than prudential banking regulation, 
as well as laws, regulations and oversight specific to the industries applicable to the Macquarie 
Bank Group’s businesses and assets.   
Regulatory agencies and governments frequently review and revise banking and financial services 
laws, security and competition laws, fiscal laws and other laws, regulations and policies, including 
fiscal policies.  Changes to laws, regulations or policies, including changes in interpretation or 
implementation of laws, regulations or policies, could substantially affect Macquarie Bank and the 
Macquarie Bank Group or their businesses, the products and services Macquarie Bank and the 
Macquarie Bank Group offer or the value of their assets, or have unintended consequences or 
impacts across Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s business.  These may 
include changing required levels of liquidity and capital adequacy, increasing tax burdens 
generally or on financial institutions or transactions, limiting the types of financial services and 
products that can be offered and/or increasing the ability of other providers to offer competing 
financial services and products, as well as changes to prudential regulatory requirements.  Global 
economic conditions and increased scrutiny of the culture in the banking sector have led to 
increased supervision and regulation, as well as changes in regulation in the markets in which 
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group operate and may lead to further significant 
changes of this kind. Health, safety and environmental laws and regulations can also change

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
rapidly and significantly. The occurrence of any adverse health, safety or environmental event, or 
any changes, additions to, or more rigorous enforcement of, health, safety and environmental 
standards could have a significant impact on operations and/or result in material expenditures. 
In some countries in which the Macquarie Bank Group does business or may in the future do 
business, in particular in emerging markets, the laws and regulations applicable to the financial 
services industry are uncertain and evolving, and it may be difficult for the Macquarie Bank Group 
to determine the requirements of local laws in every market.  The Macquarie Bank Group’s inability 
to remain in compliance with local laws in a particular market could have a significant and negative 
effect not only on its businesses in that market but also on its reputation generally. 
In addition, regulation is becoming increasingly extensive and complex and some areas of 
regulatory change involve multiple jurisdictions seeking to adopt a coordinated approach or 
certain jurisdictions seeking to expand the territorial reach of their regulation.  The nature and 
impact of future changes are unpredictable, beyond Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank 
Group’s control and may result in potentially conflicting requirements, resulting in additional legal 
and compliance expenses and changes to their business practices that adversely affect their 
profitability.  
APRA may introduce new prudential regulations or modify existing regulations, including those 
that apply to Macquarie Bank as an ADI.  Any such event could result in changes to the 
organisational structure of the Macquarie Group and adversely affect the Macquarie Bank Group. 
See "Regulatory oversight and recent developments" on pages 105 to 119 inclusive of this Base 
Prospectus for more information on the regulatory developments affecting Macquarie Bank. 
The Macquarie Bank Group is subject to the risk of loss as a result of not complying with laws 
governing financial crime, including sanctions. 
The Macquarie Bank Group is subject in its operations worldwide to laws and regulations relating 
to corrupt and illegal payments, counter-terrorism financing, anti-bribery and corruption and 
adherence to anti-money laundering obligations, as well as laws, sanctions and economic trade 
restrictions relating to doing business with certain individuals, groups and countries (“AML/CTF 
Laws”). The geographical diversity of its operations, employees, clients and customers, as well 
as the vendors and other third parties that it deals with, increases the risk that it may be found in 
violation of AML/CTF Laws.  Emerging financial crime risk typologies could also limit the 
Macquarie Bank Group’s ability to track the movement of funds thereby heightening the risk of 
the Macquarie Bank Group breaching AML/CTF Laws.  Additionally, as a result of the ongoing 
Russia-Ukraine conflict, the current sanctions environment remains dynamic and rapidly evolving. 
Sanctions and export controls could adversely affect the Macquarie Bank Group’s business 
activities and investments in sanctioned jurisdictions, as well as expose the Macquarie Bank 
Group to compliance risk and reputational harm. The Macquarie Bank Group’s ability to comply 
with AML/CTF Laws is dependent on its detection and reporting capabilities, control processes 
and oversight accountability.  
Any violation of AML/CTF Laws could subject the Macquarie Bank Group to significant penalties, 
revocation, suspension, restriction or variation of conditions of operating licences, adverse 
reputational consequences, litigation by third parties (including potentially class actions) or 
limitations on its ability to do business.   
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group may be adversely affected by increased 
governmental and regulatory scrutiny or negative publicity.  
Governmental scrutiny from regulators, legislative bodies and law enforcement agencies with 
respect to matters relating to the financial services sector generally, and Macquarie Bank’s

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
business operations, capital, liquidity, financial and non-financial risk management and other 
matters, has increased dramatically in recent years.  The political and public sentiment regarding 
financial institutions has resulted in a significant amount of adverse press coverage, as well as 
adverse statements or charges by regulators or other government officials, and in some cases, 
to increased regulatory scrutiny, enforcement actions and litigation.  Responding to and 
addressing such matters, regardless of the ultimate outcome, is time-consuming, expensive, can 
adversely affect investor confidence and can divert the time and effort of the Macquarie Bank 
Group's staff (including senior management) from their business.   
Investigations, inquiries, penalties and fines sought by regulatory authorities have increased 
substantially over the last several years, with regulators exercising their enhanced enforcement 
powers in commencing enforcement actions or with advancing or supporting legislation targeted 
at the financial services industry.  If the Macquarie Bank Group is subject to adverse regulatory 
findings, the financial penalties could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations.  
Adverse publicity, governmental scrutiny and legal and enforcement proceedings can also have 
a negative impact on the Macquarie Bank Group's reputation with clients and on the morale and 
performance of its employees. 
Litigation and regulatory actions may adversely impact Macquarie Bank's and the Macquarie 
Bank Group's results of operations. 
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group may, from time to time, be subject to material 
litigation and regulatory actions, for example, as a result of inappropriate documentation of 
contractual relationships, class actions or regulatory breaches, which, if they crystallise, may 
adversely impact upon their results of operations and financial condition in future periods or their 
reputation.  Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group entities regularly obtain legal advice 
and make provisions, as deemed necessary. There is a risk that any losses may be larger than 
anticipated or provided for or that additional litigation, regulatory actions or other contingent 
liabilities may arise.  Furthermore, even where monetary damages may be relatively small, an 
adverse finding in a regulatory or litigation matter could harm Macquarie Bank's and the 
Macquarie Bank Group's reputation or brand, thereby adversely affecting their business. 
Macquarie Bank Group may not manage risks associated with the replacement of benchmark 
indices effectively. 
LIBOR and other interest rate benchmarks (collectively, the "IBORs") have been the subject of 
ongoing national and international regulatory scrutiny and reform. The LIBOR administrator 
ceased publication of non-USD LIBOR and one-week and two-months USD LIBOR on a 
representative basis on 31 December 2021 with plans to cease publication of all other USD LIBOR 
tenors on 30 June 2023. The transition away from and the discontinuance of LIBOR or any other 
benchmark rate and the adoption of "alternative reference" rates ("ARR") by the market introduce 
a number of risks for the Macquarie Bank Group, its clients, and the financial services industry 
more widely. These include, but are not limited to: 
• 
Conduct risks – where, by undertaking actions to transition away from using the IBORs, 
the Macquarie Bank Group faces conduct risks which may lead to client complaints, 
regulatory sanctions or reputational impact if the Macquarie Bank Group is (i) considered 
to be undertaking market activities that are manipulative or create a false or misleading 
impression; (ii) misusing sensitive information or not identifying or appropriately managing 
or mitigating conflicts of interest; (iii) not taking an appropriate or consistent response to 
remediation activity or customer complaints; or (iv) providing regulators with inaccurate 
regulatory reporting.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
• 
Legal and execution risks – relating to documentation changes required for new ARR 
products and for the transition of legacy contracts to ARRs, which transition will, in turn, 
depend, to a certain extent, on the availability of ARR products and on the participation 
of customers and third-party market participants in the transition process; legal 
proceedings or other actions regarding the interpretation and enforceability of provisions 
in IBOR-based contracts; and regulatory investigations or reviews in respect of the 
Macquarie Bank Group’s preparation and readiness for the replacement of IBOR with 
alternative reference rates. 
• 
Financial risks and pricing risks – arising from: 
o any changes in the pricing mechanisms of financial instruments linked to IBOR or 
ARRs which could impact the valuations of these instruments; and 
o the implementation of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association’s 
protocol for the transition of derivatives contracts, and similar guidance for cash 
products which could cause earnings volatility depending on the nature of 
contract modifications and changes in hedge accounting. 
• 
Operational risks – due to the potential need for the Macquarie Bank Group, its clients 
and the market to adapt information technology systems, operational processes and 
controls to accommodate one or more ARRs for a large volume of trades. 
Any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Macquarie Bank Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Counterparty credit risk 
Failure of third parties to honour their commitments in connection with Macquarie Bank's and the 
Macquarie Bank Group's trading, lending and other activities may adversely impact their 
business. 
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group are exposed to the potential for credit related 
losses as a result of an individual, counterparty or issuer being unable or unwilling to honour its 
contractual obligations.  Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group are also exposed to 
potential concentration risk arising from large individual exposures or groups of exposures.  Like 
any financial services organisation, Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group assume 
counterparty risk in connection with their lending, trading, derivatives and other businesses where 
they rely on the ability of third parties to satisfy their financial obligations to them on a timely basis.  
Macquarie Bank's and the Macquarie Bank Group's recovery of the value of the resulting credit 
exposure may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including declines in the financial 
condition of the counterparty, the value of property they hold as collateral and the market value 
of the counterparty instruments and obligations they hold. See Note 33 to the 2022 audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of Macquarie Bank and its controlled entities which is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus for details on the concentration of credit risk 
by significant geographical locations and counterparty types. Credit losses can and have resulted 
in financial services organisations realising significant losses and in some cases failing altogether.  
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group are also subject to the risk that their rights 
against third parties may not be enforceable in all circumstances.  Macquarie Bank's and the 
Macquarie Bank Group's inability to enforce their rights may result in losses.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group may experience impairments in their loans, 
investments and other assets.  
Macquarie Bank and its controlled entities recorded A$67 million of credit and other impairment 
charges for the half year ended 30 September 2022, including A$68 million for net credit 
impairment charges, and A$1 million for other impairment reversals on interests in associates and 
joint ventures, intangible assets and other non-financial assets. Further credit and other 
impairments may be required in future periods if the market value of assets similar to those held 
were to decline. Credit and other impairment charges may also vary following a change to the 
inputs or forward looking information used in the determination of expected credit losses. Please 
refer to Note 10 of the 2023 unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of Macquarie 
Bank and its controlled entities incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus for further 
information on the determination of expected credit losses. 
Sudden declines and significant volatility in the prices of assets may substantially curtail or 
eliminate the trading markets for certain assets, which may make it very difficult to sell, hedge or 
value such assets.  The inability to sell or effectively hedge assets reduces Macquarie Bank's and 
the Macquarie Bank Group's ability to limit losses in such positions and the difficulty in valuing 
assets may negatively affect their capital, liquidity or leverage ratios, increase their funding costs 
and generally require them to maintain additional capital. 
Operational risks 
Macquarie Bank's and the Macquarie Bank Group's ability to retain and attract qualified 
employees is critical to the success of their business and the failure to do so may materially 
adversely affect their performance. 
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group's employees are their most important resource, 
and their performance largely depends on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals.  
Macquarie Bank's and the Macquarie Bank Group's continued ability to compete effectively in 
their businesses and to expand into new business areas and geographic regions depends on 
their ability to retain and motivate their existing employees and attract new employees.  
Competition from within the financial services industry and from businesses outside the financial 
services industry, such as professional service firms, hedge funds, private equity funds and 
venture capital funds, for qualified employees has historically been intense. Recent employment 
conditions associated with the pandemic have made the competition to hire and retain qualified 
employees significantly more challenging. 
In order to attract and retain qualified employees, Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group 
must compensate such employees at or above market levels.  Typically, those levels have caused 
employee remuneration to be the Macquarie Bank Group's greatest expense as its performance-
based remuneration has historically been cash and equity based and highly variable.  Recent 
market events have resulted in increased regulatory and public scrutiny of corporate remuneration 
policies and the establishment of criteria against which industry remuneration policies may be 
assessed.  As a regulated entity, Macquarie Bank may be subject to limitations on remuneration 
practices (which may or may not affect its competitors).  These limitations may require Macquarie 
Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group to further alter their remuneration practices in ways that 
could adversely affect their ability to attract and retain qualified and talented employees. 
Current and future laws (including laws relating to immigration and outsourcing) may restrict 
Macquarie Bank's and the Macquarie Bank Group's ability to move responsibilities or personnel 
from one jurisdiction to another.  This may impact Macquarie Bank's and the Macquarie Bank 
Group's ability to take advantage of business and growth opportunities or potential efficiencies.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group may incur financial loss, adverse regulatory 
consequences or reputational damage due to inadequate or failure in internal or external 
operational systems and infrastructures, people and processes. 
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group's businesses depend on their ability to process 
and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly 
complex, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies.  While Macquarie Bank and 
the Macquarie Bank Group employ a range of risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, 
those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot anticipate every 
economic and financial outcome or the specifics and timing of such outcomes. As such, 
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group may, in the course of their activities, incur losses. 
There can be no assurance that the risk management processes and strategies that Macquarie 
Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group have developed will adequately anticipate or be effective in 
addressing market stress or unforeseen circumstances. For a further discussion of Macquarie 
Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group's risk management policies and procedures, see Note 33 
to the 2022 audited consolidated annual financial statements of Macquarie Bank and its 
controlled entities incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group also face the risk of operational failure, 
termination or capacity constraints of any of the counterparties, clearing agents, exchanges, 
clearing houses or other financial intermediaries Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group 
use to facilitate their securities or derivatives transactions, and as Macquarie Bank’s and the 
Macquarie Bank Group's interconnectivity with their clients and counterparties grows, the risk to 
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group of failures in their clients’ and counterparties’ 
systems also grows.  Any such failure, termination or constraint could adversely affect Macquarie 
Bank's and the Macquarie Bank Group's ability to effect or settle transactions, service their clients, 
manage their exposure to risk, meet their obligations to counterparties or expand their businesses 
or result in financial loss or liability to their clients and counterparties, impairment of their liquidity, 
disruption of their businesses, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. 
As Macquarie Bank's and the Macquarie Bank Group's client base, business activities and 
geographical reach expands, developing and maintaining their operational systems and 
infrastructure becomes increasingly challenging.  Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group 
must continuously update these systems to support their operations and growth, which may 
entail significant costs and risks of successful integration.  Macquarie Bank 's and the Macquarie 
Bank Group's financial, accounting, data processing or other operating systems and facilities may 
fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that are wholly or partially beyond 
their control, such as a spike in transaction volume or disruption in internet services provided by 
third parties. 
The Macquarie Bank Group’s businesses manage a large volume of sensitive data and rely on 
the secure processing, transmission, storage and retrieval of confidential, proprietary and other 
information in their data management systems and technology, and in those managed, processed 
and stored by third parties on behalf of the Macquarie Bank Group. Inadequate data management 
and data quality, which include the capture, processing, distribution, retention and disposal of 
data, could lead to poor decision making in the provision of credit as well as affecting its data 
management regulatory obligations, all of which may cause the Macquarie Bank Group to incur 
losses or lead to regulatory actions.  Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group are subject 
to laws, rules and regulations in a number of jurisdictions regarding compliance with their privacy 
policies and the disclosure, collection, use, sharing and safeguarding of personally identifiable 
information of certain parties, such as their employees, customers, suppliers, counterparties and 
other third parties, the violation of which could result in litigation, regulatory fines and enforcement 
actions. Furthermore, a breach, failure or other disruption of Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie 
Bank Group’s data management systems and technology, or those of their third-party service

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
providers, could lead to the unauthorised or unintended release, misuse, loss or destruction of 
personal or confidential data about their customers, employees or other third parties in their 
possession. A purported or actual unauthorised access or unauthorised disclosure of personal or 
confidential data could materially damage Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s 
reputation and expose Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group to liability for violations 
of privacy and data protection laws. 
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group are exposed to the risk of loss resulting from 
the failure of their internal or external processes and systems, such as from the disruption or 
failure of their IT systems, or from external suppliers and service providers including cloud-based 
outsourced technology platforms, or external events.  Such operational risks may include theft 
and fraud, failure to effectively implement employment practices and inadequate workplace safety, 
improper business practices, mishandling of client moneys or assets, client suitability and 
servicing risks, product complexity and pricing, and valuation risk or improper recording, 
evaluating or accounting for transactions or breaches of their internal policies and regulations.  
There is increasing regulatory and public scrutiny concerning outsourced and offshore activities 
and their associated risks, including, for example, the appropriate management and control of 
confidential data. If Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group fail to manage these risks 
appropriately, they may incur financial losses and/or regulatory intervention and penalties, and 
their reputation and ability to retain and attract clients may be adversely affected. 
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group are also exposed to the risk of loss resulting 
from the actions, inactions of their employees, contractors and external service providers. 
Conduct risks can arise from human errors, lack of reasonable care and diligence exercised or 
intentional malfeasance and other misconduct, including the misuse of client information in 
connection with insider trading or for other purposes, even if promptly discovered and remediated, 
can result in reputational damage and material losses and liabilities for Macquarie Bank and the 
Macquarie Bank Group.   
There have been a number of highly publicised cases around the world involving actual or alleged 
fraud or other misconduct by employees in the financial services industry in recent years. It is not 
always possible to deter or prevent employee misconduct and the precautions Macquarie Bank 
and the Macquarie Bank Group take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all 
cases, which could result in financial losses, regulatory intervention and reputational damage.   
Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s operations rely on their ability to maintain 
appropriately staffed workforces, and on the competence, trustworthiness, health and safety of 
employees. 
Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s ability to operate their businesses efficiently 
and profitably, to offer products and services that meet the expectations of their clients and 
customers, and to maintain an effective risk management framework is highly dependent on their 
ability to staff their operations appropriately and on the competence, integrity, health and safety 
of their employees. 
Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s operations could be impaired if the measures 
they take to ensure the health and safety of their employees are ineffective, or if any external party 
on which they rely fails to take appropriate and effective actions to protect the health and safety 
of their employees. 
A cyber-attack, information or security breach, or a technology failure of Macquarie Bank or the 
Macquarie Bank Group or of a third party could adversely affect their ability to conduct their 
business, manage their exposure to risk or expand their businesses, result in the disclosure or

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
misuse of confidential or proprietary information and increase their costs to maintain and update 
their operational and security controls and infrastructure.   
The Macquarie Bank Group's businesses depend on the security and efficacy of its data 
management systems and technology, as well as those of third parties with whom it interacts or 
on whom it relies.     
To access the Macquarie Bank Group’s network, products and services, its customers and other 
third parties may use personal mobile devices or computing devices that are outside of its network 
environment and are subject to their own cyber security risks.  While the Macquarie Bank Group 
seeks to operate in a control environment that limits the likelihood of a cyber and information 
security incident, and to ensure that the impact of a cyber and information security incident can 
be minimised by information security capability and incident response, there can be no 
assurances that the Macquarie Bank Group's security controls will provide absolute security 
against a changing external threat environment.  
Cyber and information security risks for financial institutions have increased in recent years, in 
part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of internet and telecommunications 
technology and the increased sophistication and activities of attackers (including hackers, 
organised criminals, terrorist organisations, hostile foreign governments, disgruntled employees 
or vendors, activists and other external parties, including those involved in corporate espionage).  
Targeted social engineering attacks are becoming more sophisticated and are extremely difficult 
to prevent.  The techniques used by hackers change frequently, may not be recognised until 
launched and may not be recognised until well after a breach has occurred.  Additionally, the 
existence of cyber attacks or security breaches at third parties with access to the Macquarie Bank 
Group's data, such as vendors, may not be disclosed to it in a timely manner.   
Despite efforts to protect the integrity of the Macquarie Bank Group's systems through the 
implementation of controls, processes, policies and other protective measures, it may not be able 
to prevent all security breaches.   
As a result of increasing consolidation, interdependence and complexity of financial entities and 
technology systems, a technology failure, cyber attack or other information or security breach 
that significantly degrades, deletes or compromises the systems or data of one or more financial 
entities could have a material impact on counterparties or other market participants, including the 
Macquarie Bank Group.  This consolidation, interconnectivity and complexity increases the risk 
of operational failure, on both individual and industry-wide bases, as disparate systems need to 
be integrated, often on an accelerated basis.  Any third-party technology failure, cyber attack or 
other information or security breach, termination or constraint could, among other things, 
adversely affect the Macquarie Bank Group's ability to effect transactions, service its clients, 
manage its exposure to risk or expand its businesses. 
The Macquarie Bank Group anticipates cyber-attacks will continue to occur because perpetrators 
are well resourced, deploying highly sophisticated techniques that can evolve rapidly. This 
challenges its ability to implement effective control measures to prevent or minimise damage that 
may be caused by all information security threats.  Cyberattacks or other information or security 
breaches, whether directed at the Macquarie Bank Group or third parties, may result in a material 
loss or have adverse consequences for the Macquarie Bank Group including operational 
disruption, financial losses, reputational damage, theft of intellectual property and customer data, 
violations of applicable privacy laws and other laws, litigation exposure, regulatory fines, penalties 
or intervention, loss of confidence in its security measures and additional compliance costs, all of 
which could have a material adverse impact on the Macquarie Bank Group.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
The Macquarie Bank Group's businesses could suffer losses due to hostile, catastrophic or 
unforeseen events, including due to environmental and social factors. 
The Macquarie Bank Group is subject to the risk of unforeseen, hostile or catastrophic events, 
many of which are outside of its control, including natural disasters, extreme weather events (such 
as persistent winter storms or protracted droughts), leaks, spills, explosions, release of toxic 
substances, fires, accidents on land or at sea, terrorist attacks, military conflicts including the 
current conflict between Russia and Ukraine, or other hostile or catastrophic events. Any 
significant environmental change or external event (including increased frequency and severity of 
storms, floods and other catastrophic events such as earthquake, pandemic (such as COVID-19), 
other widespread health emergencies, civil unrest, geopolitical or terrorism events) has the 
potential to disrupt business activities, impact the Macquarie Bank Group's operations or 
reputation, increase credit risk and other credit exposures, damage property and otherwise affect 
the value of assets held in the affected locations and the Macquarie Bank Group's ability to 
recover amounts owing to it.  
The occurrence of any such events may prevent the Macquarie Bank Group from performing 
under its agreements with clients, may impair its operations or financial results, and may result in 
litigation, regulatory action, negative publicity or other reputational harm. The Macquarie Bank 
Group may also not be able to obtain insurance to cover some of these risks and the insurance 
that it has may be inadequate to cover its losses. 
Any such long-term, adverse environmental or social consequences could prompt the Macquarie 
Bank Group to exit certain businesses altogether. In addition, such an event or environmental 
change (as the case may be) could have an adverse impact on economic activity, consumer and 
investor confidence, or the levels of volatility in financial markets. 
The Macquarie Bank Group also faces increasing public scrutiny, laws and regulations related to 
environmental and social factors. The Macquarie Bank Group risks damage to its brand and 
reputation if it fails to act responsibly in a number of areas, such as diversity and inclusion, 
environmental stewardship, support for local communities, corporate governance and 
transparency and considering environmental and social factors (including human rights breaches 
such as modern slavery) in its investment and procurement processes. Failure to effectively 
manage these risks may result in breaches of Macquarie Bank Group’s statutory obligations, and 
could adversely affect the Macquarie Bank Group’s business, prospects, reputation, financial 
performance or financial condition. 
Failure of the Macquarie Bank Group's insurance carriers or its failure to maintain adequate 
insurance cover could adversely impact its results of operations. 
The Macquarie Bank Group maintains insurance that it considers to be prudent for the scope and 
scale of its activities.  If the Macquarie Bank Group's insurance carriers fail to perform their 
obligations to the Macquarie Bank Group and/or its third-party cover is insufficient for a particular 
matter or group of related matters, its net loss exposure could adversely impact its results of 
operations.  
The Macquarie Bank Group is subject to risks in using custodians. 
Certain products the Macquarie Bank Group manages depend on the services of custodians to 
carry out certain securities transactions.  In the event of the insolvency of a custodian, the 
Macquarie Bank Group might not be able to recover equivalent assets in full, as they will rank 
among the custodian’s unsecured creditors. In addition, the cash held with a custodian in 
connection with these products will not be segregated from the custodian’s own cash, and the

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
creditors of these products will therefore rank as unsecured creditors in relation to the cash they 
have deposited. 
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group have no control over the management, 
operations or business of entities in the Macquarie Group that are not part of the Macquarie Bank 
Group. 
Entities in the Macquarie Group that are not part of the Macquarie Bank Group may establish or 
operate businesses that are different from or compete with the businesses of the Macquarie Bank 
Group and those other entities are not obligated to support the businesses of the Macquarie Bank 
Group other than as required by APRA prudential standards.  Other than APRA prudential 
standards and capital adequacy requirements, described in "Regulatory oversight and recent 
developments", there are no regulations or agreements governing the allocation of future business 
between the Macquarie Bank Group, including Macquarie Bank and the Non-Banking Group (as 
defined below). 
Strategic risks 
Macquarie Bank's and the Macquarie Bank Group's business may be adversely affected by their 
failure to adequately manage the risks associated with strategic opportunities and new 
businesses, including acquisitions, and the exiting or restructuring of existing businesses. 
Macquarie Bank and other entities in the Macquarie Bank Group are continually evaluating 
strategic opportunities and undertaking acquisitions of businesses, some of which may be 
material to their operations.  Macquarie Bank's and/or the Macquarie Bank Group's completed 
and prospective acquisitions and growth initiatives may cause them to become subject to 
unknown liabilities of the acquired or new business and additional or different regulations. 
Future growth, including through acquisitions, mergers and other corporate transactions, may 
place significant demands on the Macquarie Bank Group's legal, accounting, IT, risk 
management and operational infrastructure and result in increased expenses.  A number of the 
Macquarie Bank Group's recent and planned business initiatives and further expansions of 
existing businesses are likely to bring it into contact with new clients, new asset classes and other 
new products or new markets.  These business activities expose the Macquarie Bank Group to 
new and enhanced risks, including reputational concerns arising from dealing with a range of new 
counterparties and investors, actual or perceived conflicts of interest, regulatory scrutiny of these 
activities, potential political pressure, increased credit related and operational risks, including risks 
arising from IT systems and reputational concerns with the manner in which these businesses are 
being operated or conducted.  Any time Macquarie Bank and such other Macquarie Bank Group 
entities make an acquisition, they may over-value the acquisition, they may not achieve expected 
synergies, they may achieve lower than expected cost savings or otherwise incur losses, they 
may lose customers and market share, they may face disruptions to their operations resulting 
from integrating the systems, processes and personnel (including in respect of risk management) 
of the acquired business into the Macquarie Bank Group or their management’s time may be 
diverted to facilitate the integration of the acquired business into Macquarie Bank or the relevant 
Macquarie Bank Group entity.  Macquarie Bank and other entities in the Macquarie Bank Group 
may also underestimate the costs associated with outsourcing, exiting or restructuring existing 
businesses.  Where Macquarie Bank's and/or the Macquarie Bank Group's acquisitions are in 
foreign jurisdictions, or are in emerging or growth economies in particular, they may be exposed 
to heightened levels of regulatory scrutiny and political, social or economic disruption and 
sovereign risk in emerging and growth markets. 
Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group's businesses depend on the Macquarie 
Group’s brand and reputation

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
The Macquarie Bank Group believes its reputation in the financial services markets and the 
recognition of the Macquarie brand by its customers are important contributors to its business.  
Many companies in the Macquarie Group and many of the funds managed by entities owned, in 
whole or in part, by the Macquarie Group use the Macquarie name. The Macquarie Bank Group 
does not control those entities that are not in the Macquarie Bank Group, but their actions may 
reflect directly on its reputation. 
The Macquarie Bank Group’s business may be adversely affected by the negative publicity or 
poor financial performance in relation to any of the entities using the Macquarie name, including 
any Macquarie-managed fund or funds that Macquarie has promoted or is associated with. 
Investors and lenders may associate such entities and funds with the name, brand and reputation 
of the Macquarie Bank Group and the Macquarie Group and other Macquarie-managed funds.  
If funds that use the Macquarie name or are otherwise associated with Macquarie-managed 
infrastructure assets, such as roads, airports, utilities and water distribution facilities that people 
view as community assets, are perceived to be managed inappropriately, those managing entities 
could be subject to criticism and negative publicity, harming Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie 
Bank Group's reputation and the reputation of other entities that use the Macquarie name. 
Competitive pressure, both in the financial services industry, as well as in the other industries in 
which Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group operate, could adversely impact its 
business. 
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group face significant competition from local and 
international competitors, which compete vigorously in the markets and sectors across which 
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group operate.  Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie 
Bank Group compete, both in Australia and internationally, with asset managers, retail and 
commercial banks, private banking firms, investment banking firms, brokerage firms, internet 
based firms, commodity trading firms and other investment and service firms as well as 
businesses in adjacent industries in connection with the various funds and assets they manage 
and services they provide.  This includes specialist competitors that may not be subject to the 
same capital and regulatory requirements and therefore may be able to operate more efficiently.  
In addition, digital technologies and business models are changing consumer behaviour and the 
competitive environment.  The use of digital channels by customers to conduct their banking 
continues to rise and emerging competitors are increasingly utilising new technologies and 
seeking to disrupt existing business models, including in relation to digital payment services and 
open data banking, that challenge, and could potentially disrupt, traditional financial services.  
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group face competition from established providers of 
financial services as well as from businesses developed by non-financial services companies.  
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group believe that they will continue to experience 
pricing pressures in the future as some of their competitors seek to obtain or increase market 
share. 
The widespread adoption and rapid evolution of new technologies, including analytic capabilities, 
self-service digital trading platforms, internet services, distributed ledgers, such as the blockchain 
system, cryptocurrencies, Central Bank Digital Currencies ("CBDC") and payment systems, could 
have a substantial impact on the financial services industry. As CBDC initiatives evolve and mature, 
the Macquarie Bank Group’s businesses and results of operations could therefore be adversely 
impacted. 
Any consolidation in the global financial services industry may create stronger competitors with 
broader ranges of product and service offerings, increased access to capital, and greater 
efficiency and pricing power which may enhance the competitive position of the Macquarie Bank 
Group's competitors. The effect of competitive market conditions, especially in the Macquarie

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
Bank Group's main markets, products and services, may lead to an erosion in its market share 
or margins. 
Conflicts of interest could limit the Macquarie Bank Group's current and future business 
opportunities. 
As the Macquarie Bank Group expands its businesses and its client base, it increasingly has to 
address potential or perceived conflicts of interest, including situations where its services to a 
particular client conflict with, or are perceived to conflict with, its own proprietary investments or 
other interests or with the interests of another client, as well as situations where one or more of 
its businesses have access to material non public information that may not be shared with other 
businesses within the Macquarie Group.  While the Macquarie Bank Group believes it has 
adequate procedures and controls in place to address conflicts of interest, including those 
designed to prevent the improper sharing of information among its businesses, appropriately 
dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult, and its reputation could be damaged and 
the willingness of clients or counterparties to enter into transactions may be adversely affected if 
Macquarie Bank fails, or appears to fail, to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest. In addition, 
potential or perceived conflicts could give rise to claims by and liabilities to clients, litigation or 
enforcement actions. 
Tax 
Macquarie Bank's and the Macquarie Bank Group's business operations expose them to 
potential tax liabilities that could have an adverse impact on their results of operation and 
reputation. 
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group are exposed to risks arising from the manner in 
which the Australian and international tax regimes may be applied and enforced, both in terms of 
their own tax compliance and the tax aspects of transactions on which they work with clients and 
other third parties. Macquarie Bank's and the Macquarie Bank Group's international, multi-
jurisdictional platform increases their tax risks.  Any actual or alleged failure to comply with or any 
change in the interpretation, application or enforcement of applicable tax laws and regulations 
could adversely affect its reputation and affected business areas, significantly increase its own 
tax liability and expose it to legal, regulatory and other actions. 
Accounting standards 
Changes in accounting standard, policies, interpretations, estimates, assumptions and 
judgments that could have a material impact on the financial results of Macquarie Bank and the 
Macquarie Bank Group. 
Macquarie Bank's and the Macquarie Bank Group's accounting policies are fundamental to how 
they record and report their financial position and results of operations. These policies require the 
use of estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported value of Macquarie Bank's 
and the Macquarie Bank Group's assets or liabilities and results of operations. Management is 
required to determine estimates and apply subjective and complex assumptions and judgments 
about matters that are inherently uncertain. Changes in those estimates, assumptions and 
judgments are accounted for prospectively as a change in accounting estimate unless it is 
determined that either (i) the determination thereof was in error or (ii) the accounting policy which 
sets out the application of those estimates, assumptions and judgments has changed, in which 
case the previous reported financial information is represented.  
Accounting standard setting bodies issue new accounting standards and interpretations in 
response to outreach activities, evolving interpretations, application of accounting principles as

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
well as changes in market developments. In addition, changes in interpretations by accounting 
standard setting bodies; regulators; and Macquarie Bank's and the Macquarie Bank Group's 
independent external auditor may also arise from time to time. These changes may be difficult to 
predict in terms of the nature of such changes and the timing thereof. The application of new 
requirements and interpretations may impact how Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank 
Group prepare and report their financial statements. In some cases, Macquarie Bank and the 
Macquarie Bank Group may be required to apply a new or revised standard or change in 
interpretation retrospectively resulting in a requirement to represent their previously reported 
financial information. 
1T1T1T1T1T1T1T1T 
 
The risk factors described above are the risk the Issuer considers to be material for the taking of 
an informed investment decision in respect of the Warrants based on the probability of their 
occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. Additional risks and 
uncertainties may also arise or become more material after the date of this base prospectus 
which could also have a material impact on the Issuer’s business operations in the future.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
The documents described below shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base 
Prospectus, save that any statement contained in any document which is incorporated by 
reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the 
extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise).  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Pursuant to Article 19 (1) of the Prospectus Regulation, any non-incorporated parts of a document 
referred to below are either deemed not relevant for the investor or covered in another part of this 
Base Prospectus. Any documents themselves incorporated by reference into the documents 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Macquarie Bank Annual Reports 
The 
0F0F20211 and 20222F2 Annual Reports of Macquarie Bank, which include the audited Annual 
Financial Report of Macquarie Bank consolidated with its subsidiaries for the financial years ended 
31 March 2021 and 2022, and the auditor’s report in respect of those Financial Reports, shall be 
deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus.  
The Financial Report of Macquarie Bank consolidated with its subsidiaries for the financial years 
ended 31 March 2021 and 2022 includes the Income statements, Statements of comprehensive 
income, Statements of financial position, Statements of changes in equity, Statements of cash 
flows, Notes to the financial statements, Directors’ declaration and Independent auditor’s reports 
on the following pages: 
 
2022 Annual 
Report 
2021 Annual 
Report  
Income statements 
67 
61 
Statements of comprehensive income 
68 
62 
Statements of financial position 
69 
63 
Statements of changes in equity 
70-71 
64-65 
Statements of cash flows 
72 
66 
Notes to the financial statements 
73-205 
67-208 
Directors’ declaration 
206 
209 
Independent auditor’s report 
207-211 
210-214 
 
 
 
 
1  
https://www.macquarie.com/assets/macq/investor/reports/2021/macquarie-bank-fy21-annual-report.pdf  
2  
https://www.macquarie.com/assets/macq/investor/reports/2022/macquarie-bank-fy22-annual-report.pdf

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Macquarie Bank Interim Financial Report  
The 20233 Interim Financial Report of Macquarie BankF, which includes the unaudited interim 
Financial Report of Macquarie Bank consolidated with its subsidiaries for the half year ended 30 
September 2022, and the Independent auditor’s review report in respect of that Financial Report, 
shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The unaudited Financial Report of Macquarie Bank consolidated with its subsidiaries for the half 
year ended 30 September 2022 includes the Consolidated income statement, Consolidated 
statement of comprehensive income, Consolidated statement of financial position, Consolidated 
statement of changes in equity, Consolidated statement of cash flows, Notes to the consolidated 
financial statements, Directors’ declaration and Independent auditor’s review report on the 
following pages: 
 
2023 Interim Financial 
Report 
Consolidated income statement 
19 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
20 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
21 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
22 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
23 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
24-61 
Directors’ declaration 
62 
Independent auditor’s review report 
63 
 
Macquarie Bank is required to prepare annual financial statements for itself and its controlled 
entities in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards. Compliance with Australian 
Accounting Standards ensures compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards as 
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. 
The independent auditor of Macquarie Bank is PricewaterhouseCoopers, an Australian 
partnership, (“PwC Australia”), who is a member of the Chartered Accountants Australia and New 
Zealand (the “CA ANZ”). 
PwC Australia has audited the financial statements included in Macquarie Bank’s annual report 
for the financial years ended 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2022 in accordance with Australian 
Auditing Standards. The Independent Auditor’s Reports dated 7 May 2021 and 6 May 2022, 
respectively, were unqualified. 
With respect to the unaudited financial information of Macquarie Bank for the half year ended 30 
September 2022, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, PwC Australia has reported 
that they have applied limited procedures in accordance with professional standards for a review 
of such information. Their independent auditor’s review report dated 28 October 2022, 
incorporated by reference herein, states that they did not audit and they do not express an opinion 
 
3 https://www.macquarie.com/assets/macq/investor/reports/2023/macquarie-bank-hy23-interim-report.pdf

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
on that unaudited financial information. Accordingly, the degree of reliance on their report on such 
information should be restricted in light of the limited nature of the review procedures applied.  
Limitation on Auditors’ Liability 
As members of the CA ANZ, PwC Australia are participants in a CA ANZ scheme which limits the 
liability of its members.  This scheme has been approved under the Professional Standards Act 
of 1994 of New South Wales, Australia.    
Schemes submitted by the CA ANZ have been scrutinised and approved by the Professional 
Standards Council and subsequently by the NSW Attorney General.  The scheme has also been 
approved by the Commonwealth, giving effect to the limitation on liability in relation to any claim 
for misleading or deceptive conduct under the Australian Consumer Law, the Corporations Act 
2001 or the ASIC Act 2001.    
The current CA ANZ scheme, which came into effect on 8 October 2019, limits the maximum 
liability for damages arising out of a cause of action for occupational liability (the “Limitation 
Amount”) which may be awarded against a person to whom the scheme applies with regard to 
fees payable for audit services to which the cause of action relates, being a reasonable charge 
for the service provided or which was failed to be provided, as follows:    
(a) Where the fee is less than $100,000, the Limitation Amount is $2,000,000  
(b) Where the fee is greater than or equal to $100,000 but is less than $300,000, the 
Limitation Amount is $5,000,000  
(c) Where the fee is greater than or equal to $300,000 but is less than $500,000, the 
Limitation Amount is $10,000,000  
(d) Where the fee is greater than or equal to $500,000 but is less than $1,000,000, the 
Limitation Amount is $20,000,000  
(e) Where the fee is greater than or equal to $1,000,000 but is less than $2,500,000, the 
Limitation Amount is $50,000,000  
(f) Where the fee is greater than or equal to $2,500,000 the Limitation Amount is 
$75,000,000  
 
* * * * * * * 
Macquarie Bank will provide, without charge, upon the written request of any person, a copy of 
any or all of the documents which, or portions of which, are incorporated in this Base Prospectus 
by reference.  Written requests for such documents should be directed to Macquarie Bank at its 
office set out at the end of this Base Prospectus.  In addition, such documents will be available 
for inspection and available free of charge at the offices of the Warrant Agents (save that a Final 
Terms relating to an unlisted Warrant will only be provided to a holder of such Warrant and such 
holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Warrant Agent as to the identity of such 
holder).  Requests for such documents should be directed to the specified office of the Principal 
Warrant Agent in London or the Warrant Agent in Luxembourg. 
Documents incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference are also published on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s internet site www.bourse.lu and available on Macquarie Bank’s 
internet site www.macquarie.com/au/about/investors/reports. 
All information which Macquarie Bank has published or made available to the public in compliance 
with its obligations under the laws of the Commonwealth of Australia dealing with the regulation

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
of securities, issuers of securities and securities markets has been released to the Australian 
Securities Exchange operated by ASX Limited (“ASX”) in compliance with the continuous 
disclosure requirements of the ASX Listing Rules.  Announcements made by Macquarie Bank 
under such rules are available on ASX’s internet site www.asx.com.au (Macquarie Bank’s ASX 
code is “MBL”).  
1T1TInternet site addresses (including Macquarie Bank’s internet site as referred-to above) in this Base 
Prospectus are included for reference only and the contents of any such internet sites are not 
incorporated by reference into, and do not form part of, this Base Prospectus.1T1T

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants which (subject to 
completion) will be attached to each Global Warrant (as defined below).   
The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be attached to each Global 
Warrant.  
The Warrants of this series (such Warrants being hereinafter referred to as the “Warrants”) are 
constituted by a global warrant (“Global Warrant”) and are issued pursuant to an amended and 
restated Master Warrant Agreement dated 20 October 2006 (as amended and supplemented 
from time to time) (“Warrant Agreement”) between Macquarie Bank Limited as issuer (“Issuer”), 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as principal warrant agent (“Principal Warrant Agent”, which 
expression shall include any successor principal warrant agent) and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg, 
S.A. as warrant agent (“Warrant Agent” and, together with the Principal Warrant Agent, the 
“Warrant Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor warrant agents) and 
registrar (“Registrar”).  The Issuer shall undertake the duties of calculation agent (“Calculation 
Agent”) in respect of the Warrants as set out below and in the applicable Final Terms unless 
another entity is so specified as calculation agent in the applicable Final Terms.  The expression 
Calculation Agent shall, in relation to the relevant Warrants, include such other specified 
calculation agent. 
No Warrants in definitive form will be issued.  The Global Warrant has been deposited with a 
depositary (“Common Depositary”) common to Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”). The Warrants are either 
listed or unlisted. If the Warrants are intended to be listed, application will be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Warrants to be admitted to trading on the 
1T1Tprofessional segment of the1T1T 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to which only Qualified Investors can have 
access for the purposes of trading in such securities. No assurances can be given that such 
application for listing will be granted, (or if granted, will be granted by the Issue Date). 
The applicable Final Terms for the Warrants is attached to the Global Warrant.  References herein 
to the “applicable Final Terms” are to the Final Term or Final Terms (in the case of any further 
warrants issued pursuant to Condition 12 and forming a single series with the Warrants) attached 
to the Global Warrant. 
Copies of the Warrant Agreement (which contains the form of the Final Terms) and the applicable 
Final Terms may be obtained during normal office hours from the specified office of each Warrant 
Agent, save that if the Warrants are unlisted, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by 
a Warrantholder and such Warrantholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant 
Warrant Agent as to identity. 
Words and expressions defined in the Warrant Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated. 
The Warrantholders (as defined in Condition 1(B)) are entitled to the benefit of and are deemed to 
have notice of and are bound by all the provisions of the Warrant Agreement (insofar as they 
relate to the Warrants) and the applicable Final Terms, which are binding on them. 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, and without further notice, increase or reduce the number 
of Warrants being issued.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
1. 
Type, Title and Transfer 
(A) 
Type 
 
The Warrants are Index Warrants, Security Warrants or Bond Warrants as is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  Certain terms which will, unless otherwise varied in the 
applicable Final Terms, apply to Index Warrants, Security Warrants or Bond Warrants, are 
set out in Condition 15. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Warrants are American style Warrants 
(“American Style Warrants”) or European style Warrants (“European Style Warrants”), 
whether settlement shall be by way of cash payment (“Cash Settled Warrants”) or physical 
delivery (“Physical Delivery Warrants”), whether the Warrants are call Warrants (“Call 
Warrants”) or put Warrants (“Put Warrants”), whether a coupon is payable, whether the 
Warrants may only be exercised in Units and whether Averaging will apply to the Warrants.  
If Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, Warrants must be exercised in Units 
and any Exercise Notice (referred to in Condition 5(A)) which purports to exercise Warrants 
in breach of this provision shall be void and of no effect.  If Averaging is specified as 
applying in the applicable Final Terms the applicable Final Terms will state the relevant 
Averaging Dates and, in the case of a Market Disruption Event (as defined in Condition 
15) occurring on an Averaging Date, whether Omission, Postponement or Modified 
Postponement (referred to in Condition 3 below) applies. 
 
References in these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, to Cash 
Settled Warrants shall be deemed to include references to Physical Delivery Warrants, 
which include an option at the Issuer’s election to request cash settlement of such 
Warrant and where settlement is to be by way of cash payment, and references in these 
Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, to Physical Delivery 
Warrants shall be deemed to include references to Cash Settled Warrants which include 
an option at the Issuer’s election to request physical delivery of the relevant underlying 
asset in settlement of such Warrant and where settlement is to be by way of physical 
delivery. 
(B) 
Title to Warrants 
 
Each person who is for the time being shown in the records of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or of Euroclear as the holder of a particular amount of Warrants (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear as to the 
amount of Warrants standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the 
Warrant Agents as the holder of such amount of Warrants for all purposes (and the 
expressions “Warrantholder” and “holder of Warrants” and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly). 
(C) 
Transfers of Warrants 
 
All transactions (including transfers of Warrants) in the open market or otherwise must be 
effected through an account at Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear subject to and in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or of Euroclear, as the case may be.  Title will pass upon registration of the transfer in the 
books of either Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be.  Transfers of 
Warrants may not be effected after the exercise of such Warrants pursuant to Condition 
5.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
Any reference herein to Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative 
clearing system approved by the Issuer and the Principal Warrant Agent from time to time 
and notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10. 
2. 
Status of the Warrants 
 
The Warrants are direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves.  Claims against the Issuer rank at 
least equally with the claims of its unsecured and unsubordinated creditors (except 
creditors mandatorily preferred by law) and ahead of subordinated debt and obligations 
to shareholders (in their capacity as such). 
3. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the following general definitions will 
apply: 
“Actual Exercise Date” means the Exercise Date (in the case of European Style Warrants) 
or, subject to Condition 6(A)(ii), the date during the Exercise Period on which the Warrant 
is actually or is deemed exercised (in the case of American Style Warrants (as more fully 
set out in Condition 4(A)(i))); 
“Averaging” means, where specified as applicable in the Final Terms, that the arithmetic 
mean of the Settlement Prices on each Averaging Date is a component of the calculation 
of Cash Settlement Amount. 
“Averaging Date” means, in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, each date specified as 
an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such date is not a Trading Day, 
the immediately following Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a 
Market Disruption Event (as set out in Condition 15) has occurred on that day.  If there is 
a Market Disruption Event on that day, then: 
(a) 
if “Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date 
will be deemed not to be an Averaging Date for purposes of determining the 
relevant Settlement Price provided that, if through the operation of this provision 
there would not be an Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, 
then the provisions of the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of 
determining the relevant level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date with 
respect to that Actual Exercise Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation 
Date on which a Market Disruption Event had occurred; or 
(b) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
provisions of the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of 
determining the relevant level, price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such 
Averaging Date were a Valuation Date on which a Market Disruption Event had 
occurred irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred 
Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging 
Date; or 
(c) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
where the Warrants are Index Warrants relating to a single Index, Security 
Warrants relating to a single Security or Bond Warrants relating to a single 
Bond, the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
defined below).  If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of 
the Valuation Time on the eighth Trading Day immediately following the 
original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or 
Market Disruption Event, would have been the final Averaging Date in 
relation to such Actual Exercise Date, then (A) that eighth Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that eighth 
Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant level or price for that Averaging Date in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of “Valuation Date” 
below; and 
(ii) 
where the Warrants are Index Warrants relating to a Basket of Indices, 
Security Warrants relating to a Basket of Securities or Bond Warrants 
relating to a basket of Bonds, the Averaging Date for each Index or 
Security not affected by a Market Disruption Event shall be the originally 
designated Averaging Date (“Scheduled Averaging Date”) and the 
Averaging Date for an Index or Security affected by a Market Disruption 
Event shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below) in relation 
to such Index or Security.  If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to 
such Index or Security has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the 
eighth Trading Day immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Averaging Date or Market Disruption Event, would 
have been the final Averaging Date in relation to such Actual Exercise Date, 
then (A) that eighth Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether that eighth Trading Day is already an Averaging 
Date) in relation to such Index or Security, and (B) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant level or amount for that Averaging Date in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition of “Valuation Date” 
below;  
for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions “Valid Date” means a Trading 
Day on which there is no Market Disruption Event and on which another Averaging 
Date in relation to the Actual Exercise Date does not or is not deemed to occur; 
“Bond” means, in respect of a Bond Warrant, the bonds as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“Business Day” means (i) a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the relevant Business Day Centre(s) and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and Euroclear are open for business and (ii) for the purposes of making payments in euro, 
any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer 2 System (TARGET2) is open; 
“Business Day Centres” means the principal financial centre for the Settlement Currency 
and the financial centre in which the Security, the basket of Securities or the constituents 
of the Index are listed; 
“Cash Dividend” is applicable if so specified in the Final Terms, in which case, means a 
cash amount equivalent to the Cash Dividend Percentage multiplied by the gross cash 
dividend or distribution per Security declared by the Security Issuer (converted into the 
Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate (a) as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion; (b) actually obtained by the Hedging Party, or (c) as set

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
out in designated screen) for each Entitlement, less any tax, duties, costs, commissions 
and fees; 
“Cash Dividend Percentage” means, the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms if Cash Dividend is applicable; 
“Cash Settlement Amount” means, in relation to Cash Settled Warrants, the amount to 
which the Warrantholder is entitled in the Settlement Currency in relation to each such 
Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may 
be, as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 4; 
“Cash Settlement Amount Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Calculation Amount” means, in respect of a Warrant where coupon is payable, the 
amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Calculation Period” means, in respect of a Warrant where coupon is payable and a 
Coupon Payment Date, the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that if the Warrants are early redeemed for whatever reasons, the Calculation 
Period shall end on such early redemption date (inclusive). The Calculation Period will not 
be extended because of a Disruption Event; 
“Coupon Amount” means, in respect of a Warrant where coupon is payable and a Coupon 
Payment Date, the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (pro rata to the 
Calculation Period), or if no amount is so specified, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion by multiplying the Calculation Amount and the 
Coupon Rate calculated with reference to the relevant Calculation Period;   
“Coupon Payment Date” means, in respect of a Warrant where coupon is payable, the 
date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Coupon Rate” means, in respect of a Warrant where coupon is payable, the percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Disruption Event” means Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of 
Hedging, FX Disruption and a Market Disruption Event; 
“Distribution Amount” means any and all payments or distributions, including, without 
limitation, interest and coupon payments and consent fees, that are actually made by the 
issuer of the bonds to bondholders in the relevant jurisdiction in respect of an outstanding 
principal amount of the bonds, less any tax payable in relation to such amount; 
“Entitlement” means, in relation to a Physical Delivery Warrant or, if Units are specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, the quantity of the Relevant 
Asset or the Relevant Assets (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), as the case may 
be, which a Warrantholder is entitled to receive on the Settlement Date in respect of each 
such Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, following payment of the Exercise Price (and 
any other sums payable) rounded down as provided in Condition 4(C)(i), as determined 
by the Calculation Agent including any documents evidencing such Entitlement; 
“Exchange(s)” means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index relating to Index Warrants, each exchange or quotation 
system on which the constituents of the Index is primarily listed, any successor to

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in the shares underlying such Index has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the shares underlying such Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange);  
(b) 
in respect of a Security relating to Security Warrants, each exchange or quotation 
system on which the Security is primarily listed, any successor to such exchange 
or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in the Securities has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation 
Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Security 
on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange); and 
(c) 
in respect of a Bond relating to Bond Warrants, if applicable, each exchange or 
quotation system on which the Bond is primarily listed, any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to 
which trading in the Bond has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation 
Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the Bond on 
such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange); 
“Exercise Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, provided 
that, if such date is not a Business Day, the Exercise Date shall be the immediately 
succeeding Business Day.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent may in its 
sole discretion extend the Exercise Date from time to time without notification; 
“Hedge Execution” means, where specified as applicable in the Final Terms, that the 
Hedge Execution Price is a variable in the calculation of Cash Settlement Amount. 
“Hedge Positions” means: 
(i) any securities positions, derivatives positions, assets or other instruments or 
arrangements (however described) purchased, sold, entered into, maintained or held by 
or for the Hedging Party for the purpose of hedging any relevant price risk including, but 
not limited to, the equity and currency risk of the Warrant, or  
(ii) any securities positions, derivatives positions, assets or other instruments or 
arrangements (however described) that may reasonably be purchased, sold, entered into, 
maintained or held by or for a hypothetical broker which such hypothetical broker would 
consider that it is necessary to hedge any relevant price risk including, but not limited to, 
the equity and currency risk of the Warrant; 
“Hedging Party” means Macquarie Bank Limited and/or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries; 
“Index” means, in respect of an Index Warrant, the index or indices as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Issue Price” means the price at which the Warrants will be offered, which is at par or at 
a discount to, or premium over, par, and on a fully or partly paid basis and will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Issuer Distribution Date” means the date on which the issuer of the bonds makes any 
payments or distributions of Distribution Amounts to holders of the bonds in the relevant 
jurisdiction;

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
“Settlement Date” means, in relation to each Actual Exercise Date, (i) where Averaging is 
not specified in the applicable Final Terms, no later than the fifth Business Day following 
the Valuation Date provided that if a Market Disruption Event (as set out in Condition 15) 
has resulted in a Valuation Date for one or more Indices, Securities or Bonds, as the case 
may be, being adjusted as set out in the definition of “Valuation Date” below, the 
Settlement Date shall be the fifth Business Day next following the last occurring Valuation 
Date in relation to any Index, Security or Bond, as the case may be, or (ii) where Averaging 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, no later than the fifth Business Day following the 
last occurring Averaging Date provided that where a Market Disruption Event (as set out 
in Condition 15) has resulted in an Averaging Date for one or more Indices, Securities or 
Bonds, as the case may be, being adjusted as set out in the definition of “Averaging Date” 
above, the Settlement Date shall be the fifth Business Day next following the last occurring 
Averaging Date in relation to any Index, Security or Bond, as the case may be, or such 
other date as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that the Issuer may in its 
sole discretion postpone the Settlement Date until 31 days after the Valuation Date; 
“Settlement Price” means, in relation to each Cash Settled Warrant or, if Units are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in respect of Index Warrants, subject to Condition 15(A) and as referred to in 
“Valuation Date” below or “Averaging Date” above, as the case may be: 
(i) 
in the case of Index Warrants relating to a Basket of Indices, an amount 
(which shall be deemed to be a monetary value on the same basis as the 
Exercise Price) equal to the sum of: the values calculated for each Index 
as the official closing level for each Index as determined by the Calculation 
Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of each 
Index determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith at the Relevant 
Time on (A) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Valuation Date or (B) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
an Averaging Date and, in either case, without regard to any subsequently 
published correction, multiplied by the relevant Multiplier; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Index Warrants relating to a single Index, an amount (which 
shall be deemed to be a monetary value on the same basis as the Exercise 
Price) equal to the official closing value of the Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level 
of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith at the 
Relevant Time on (A) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Valuation Date or (B) if Averaging is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, an Averaging Date and, in either case, without regard to any 
subsequently published correction; 
(b) 
in respect of Security Warrants, subject to Condition 15(B) and as referred to in 
“Valuation Date” below or “Averaging Date” above, as the case may be: 
(i) 
in the case of Security Warrants relating to a Basket of Securities, an 
amount equal to the sum of: the values calculated for each Security as the 
official closing price (or the price at the Relevant Time on the Valuation 
Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Security 
(as defined in Condition 15(B)) on (A) if Averaging is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (B) if Averaging is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date (or if in the opinion of the

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
Calculation Agent, any such closing price (or the price at the Relevant Time 
on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so determined and no 
Market Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean 
of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at 
the Relevant Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the closing 
fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Relevant Time 
on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the relevant Security whose 
closing price (or the price at the Relevant Time on the Valuation Date or 
such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) cannot be determined based, at the Calculation Agent’s 
discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle 
market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as 
selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of the relevant 
Security or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide), 
multiplied by the relevant Multiplier, each such value to be converted, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the 
Exchange Rate and the sum of such converted amounts to be the 
Settlement Price, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation 
Agent; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Security Warrants relating to a single Security, an amount 
equal to the official closing price (or the price at the Relevant Time on the 
Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such 
Security (as defined in Condition 15(B)) on (A) if Averaging is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (B) if Averaging is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date (or if, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, no such closing price (or the price at the 
Relevant Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) can be determined 
and no Market Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic 
mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price 
at the Relevant Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the closing 
fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Relevant Time 
on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the Security based, at the 
Calculation Agent’s discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the 
foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or more 
financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the 
trading of the Security or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent 
shall decide), such amount to be converted, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate 
and such converted amount to be the Settlement Price, all as determined 
by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
in respect of Bond Warrants, subject to Condition 15(C) and as referred to in 
“Valuation Date” below or “Averaging Date” above, as the case may be:

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
(i) 
in the case of Bond Warrants relating to a basket of Bonds, an amount 
equal to the sum of: the values calculated for each Bond as the price of 
the Bonds, as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially 
reasonable manner, taking into account factors that the Calculation Agent 
deems relevant (that may include, without limitation, quotations, other 
price source information or other market data, or if the Bonds are listed, 
closing price or bid price on the Exchange) on (A) if Averaging is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (B) if 
Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, 
multiplied by the relevant Multiplier, each such value to be converted, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the 
Exchange Rate. The price of the Bonds will be determined inclusive of 
accrued interest as of such date, unless the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Bonds are trading exclusive of accrued interest as of the relevant 
Valuation Date, in which case such price will be exclusive of accrued 
interest. 
(ii) 
in the case of Bond Warrants relating to a single Bond, an amount equal 
to the price of the Bonds, as determined by the Calculation Agent in a 
commercially reasonable manner, taking into account factors that the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant (that may include, without limitation, 
quotations, other price source information or other market data or if the 
Bonds are listed, closing price or bid price on the Exchange) on (A) if 
Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date 
or (B) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging 
Date, each such value to be converted, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate. The price 
of the Bonds will be determined inclusive of accrued interest as of such 
date, unless the Calculation Agent determines that the Bonds are trading 
exclusive of accrued interest as of the relevant Valuation Date, in which 
case such price will be exclusive of accrued interest; 
“Trade Date” means the day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Trading Day” means any day that is (or, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption 
Event (as set out in Condition 15), would have been) a trading day of the Exchange(s) 
other than a day on which trading on any such Exchange is scheduled to close prior to 
its regular weekday closing time; 
“Valuation Date” means the first Trading Day following the Actual Exercise Date of the 
relevant Warrant unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Market Disruption Event 
(as set out in Condition 15) has occurred on that day.  If there is a Market Disruption Event 
on that day, then: 
(a) 
where the Warrants are Index Warrants relating to a single Index, Security 
Warrants relating to a single Security or Bond Warrants relating to a single Bond, 
the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Trading Day on which there is no 
Market Disruption Event, unless there is a Market Disruption Event occurring on 
each of the eight Trading Days immediately following the original date that (but for 
the Market Disruption Event) would have been the Valuation Date.  In that case, (i) 
the eighth Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date (notwithstanding 
the Market Disruption Event) and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Price:

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
(x) 
in the case of Index Warrants, by determining the level of the Index as of 
the Valuation Time on that eighth Trading Day in accordance with (subject 
to Condition 15(A)(2)) the formula for and method of calculating the Index 
last in effect prior to the commencement of the Market Disruption Event 
using the Exchange traded price (or if trading in the relevant 
security/commodity has been materially suspended or materially limited, 
its good faith estimate of the Exchange traded price that would have 
prevailed but for that suspension or limitation) as of the Valuation Time on 
that eighth Trading Day of each security/commodity comprised in the 
Index; or 
(y) 
in the case of Security Warrants or Bond Warrants, in accordance with its 
good faith estimate of the Settlement Price that would have prevailed but 
for the Market Disruption Event as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Trading Day. 
(b) 
where the Warrants are Index Warrants relating to a Basket of Indices, Security 
Warrants relating to a Basket of Securities or Bond Warrants relating to a basket 
of Bonds, the Valuation Date for each Index, Security or Bond, as the case may 
be, not affected by a Market Disruption Event shall be the originally designated 
Valuation Date and the Valuation Date for each Index, Security or Bond, as the 
case may be, affected (each an “Affected Item”) by a Market Disruption Event shall 
be the first succeeding Trading Day on which there is no Market Disruption Event 
relating to the Affected Item, unless there is a Market Disruption Event relating to 
the Affected Item occurring on each of the eight Trading Days immediately 
following the original date which (but for the Market Disruption Event) would have 
been the Valuation Date.  In that case, (i) the eighth Trading Day shall be deemed 
to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item (notwithstanding the Market 
Disruption Event) and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement 
Price using, in relation to the Affected Item: 
(x) 
in the case of an Index, the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on 
that eighth Trading Day determined by reference to the formula for and 
method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the commencement 
of the Market Disruption Event using the Exchange traded price (or, if 
trading in the relevant security/commodity has been materially suspended 
or materially limited, its good faith estimate of the Exchange traded price 
that would have prevailed but for that suspension or limitation) as of the 
Valuation Time on that eighth Trading Day of each security/commodity 
comprised in that Index; or 
(y) 
in the case of a Security or Bond, its good faith estimate of the price for 
the Affected Item that would have prevailed but for the Market Disruption 
Event as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Trading Day, 
and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions; and 
“Valuation Time” means the Relevant Time specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Index Warrants, Security Warrants or Bond Warrants over listed Bonds, if no 
Relevant Time is specified, the close of trading on the Exchange; in the case of Bond 
Warrants over unlisted Bonds, the time as determined by the Calculation Agent in good 
faith.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
4. 
Exercise Rights 
(A) 
Exercise Period 
(i) 
American Style Warrants 
American Style Warrants are exercisable on any Business Day during the Exercise Period. 
Any American Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice (as defined below) 
has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 5, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., 
Luxembourg or Brussels time, as the case may be, on the last Business Day of the 
Exercise Period (“Expiration Date”), shall become void. 
The Business Day during the Exercise Period on which an Exercise Notice is delivered 
prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate), to Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, and the copy thereof so received by the 
Principal Warrant Agent, is referred to herein as the “Actual Exercise Date”.  If any Exercise 
Notice is received by Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, or if 
the copy thereof is received by the Principal Warrant Agent, in each case, after 10.00 
a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate), on any Business Day during the 
Exercise Period, such Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been delivered on the next 
Business Day, which Business Day shall be deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date, 
provided that any such Warrant in respect of which no Exercise Notice has been delivered 
in the manner set out in Condition 5 at or prior to 10.00 a.m. Luxembourg or Brussels 
time (as appropriate) on the Expiration Date shall become void. 
(ii) 
European Style Warrants 
European Style Warrants are only exercisable on the Exercise Date. Each Warrant will 
automatically be exercised at 12:00 p.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate) 
on the Exercise Date, without notice being given to the Warrantholders, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Cash Settlement Amount is greater than zero. 
Any European Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered 
in the manner set out in Condition 5, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels 
time (as appropriate) on the Actual Exercise Date, shall become void. 
(B) 
Cash Settlement 
If the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and if Hedge Execution is specified as not 
applicable in the Final Terms, each such Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Unit entitles its holder, upon due exercise and subject to certification 
as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership, to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date a 
Cash Settlement Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent (which shall not be less than 
zero) equal to: 
(i) 
where Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
if such Warrants are Call Warrants 
Cash Settlement Amount per Warrant = (Settlement Price - Exercise 
Price*) x Cash Settlement Amount Percentage; 
(* to be deducted at the sole discretion of the Issuer)

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
(b) 
if such Warrants are Put Warrants, 
Cash Settlement Amount per Warrant = (Exercise Price - Settlement Price) 
x Cash Settlement Amount Percentage; and 
(ii) 
where Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
if such Warrants are Call Warrants, 
Cash Settlement Amount per Warrant = (the arithmetic mean of the 
Settlement Prices for all the Averaging Dates - Exercise Price*) x Cash 
Settlement Amount Percentage;  
(* to be deducted at the sole discretion of the Issuer) 
(b) 
if such Warrants are Put Warrants, 
Cash Settlement Amount per Warrant = (Exercise Price - the arithmetic 
mean of the Settlement Prices for all the Averaging Dates) x Cash 
Settlement Amount Percentage 
and less any tax, duties, costs, commissions and fees. 
Subject to Condition 11, if the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and if Hedge Execution 
is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, each such Warrant or, if Units are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit entitles its holder, upon due exercise and subject 
to certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership, to receive from the Issuer on the 
Settlement Date a Cash Settlement Amount equal to: 
 
(A) 
if such Warrants are Call Warrants, an amount obtained (after deduction of all 
Exercise Expenses relating to the relevant Warrantholder) by the Issuer in selling its Hedge 
Positions (or where part or all of the Hedge Positions are instruments other than the 
underlying asset of the Warrant, (including but not limited to derivative contracts, 
exchange traded funds, depository receipts or alternate securities), the implied value of 
the relevant underlying asset (or the constituents of such underlying asset, as the case 
may be), as determined in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent, shall be deemed 
to be the value (or part of the value) attained by the Issuer in selling its Hedge Positions) 
(“Hedge Execution Price”), less the Exercise Price which shall be deducted at the sole 
discretion of the Issuer and less any tax, duties, costs, commissions and other fees 
incurred or to be incurred by the Issuer or its affiliate in connection with such unwind, 
converted into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate, multiplied by Cash 
Settlement Amount Percentage. The Cash Settlement Amount can be calculated as per 
the following formula: 
 
Cash Settlement Amount per Warrant = (Hedge Execution Price - Exercise Price*) x Cash 
Settlement Amount Percentage 
 
(* to be deducted at the sole discretion of the Issuer) 
 
(B) 
if such Warrants are Put Warrants, Exercise Price less the Hedge Execution Price 
and less any tax, duties, costs, commissions and other fees incurred or to be incurred by 
the Issuer or its affiliate in connection with such unwind, converted into the Settlement 
Currency at the Exchange Rate, multiplied by Cash Settlement Amount Percentage. The 
Cash Settlement Amount can be calculated as per the following formula:

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
Cash Settlement Amount per Warrant = (Exercise Price – Hedge Execution Price) x Cash 
Settlement Amount Percentage 
 
If the Settlement Price or the Hedge Execution Price is not in the Settlement Currency, it 
will be converted into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate (a) as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; (b) actually obtained by the 
Hedging Party; or (c) as set out in designated screen, for the purposes of determining the 
Cash Settlement Amount.  The Cash Settlement Amount will be rounded to the nearest 
two decimal places (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, the nearest whole unit) in the relevant 
Settlement Currency, 0.005 (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, half a unit) being rounded 
upwards, with Warrants exercised at the same time by the same Warrantholder being 
aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate Cash Settlement Amounts 
payable in respect of such Warrants or Units, as the case may be. 
The Issuer may determine the amount of any applicable capital gain tax to be deducted 
from the Cash Settlement Amount on a first-in-first-out basis or such other basis at its 
discretion.  
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, it is not possible for the Issuer to procure 
payment through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear (as the case may be) 
electronically by crediting the Warrantholder’s account at Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear (as specified in the relevant Exercise Notice pursuant to Condition 5(A)(1)(iv)) on 
the original Settlement Date, the Issuer shall use all its reasonable endeavours to procure 
payment through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear (as the case may be) 
electronically by crediting the Warrantholder’s account as soon as reasonably practically 
after the original Settlement Date.  The Issuer will not be liable to the Warrantholder for 
any interest in respect of the amount due or any loss or damage that such Warrantholder 
may suffer as a result of the existence of the Settlement Disruption Event. 
For the purposes hereof “Settlement Disruption Event” means, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, an event beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of which the Issuer 
cannot procure payment through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear (as the case 
may be). 
(C) 
Physical Settlement 
(i) 
Exercise Rights in relation to Physical Delivery Warrants 
If the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants, each such Warrant or, if Units are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, entitles its holder, upon due 
exercise and subject to certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership, to receive from 
the Issuer on the Settlement Date the Entitlement subject to payment of the relevant 
Exercise Price and any other sums payable.   
Warrants or Units, as the case may be, exercised at the same time by the same 
Warrantholder will be aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate 
Entitlements in respect of such Warrants or Units, as the case may be PROVIDED THAT 
the aggregate Entitlements in respect of the same Warrantholder will be rounded down 
to the nearest whole unit of the Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine.  Therefore, 
fractions of the Relevant Asset or of each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, will 
not be delivered and no cash adjustment will be made in respect thereof. 
Following exercise of a Security Warrant which is a Physical Delivery Warrant, all dividends 
on the relevant Securities to be delivered will be payable to the party that would receive

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
such dividend according to market practice for a sale of the Securities executed on the 
relevant Actual Exercise Date and to be delivered in the same manner as such relevant 
Securities.  Any such dividends to be paid to a Warrantholder will be paid to the account 
specified by the Warrantholder in the relevant Exercise Notice as referred to in Condition 
5(A)(2)(vi). 
(ii) 
Settlement Disruption 
If, following the exercise of Physical Delivery Warrants, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, delivery of the Entitlement is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption 
Event (as defined below) having occurred and continuing on any Settlement Date, then 
such Settlement Date for such Warrants shall be postponed to the first following Business 
Day in respect of which there is no such Settlement Disruption Event, PROVIDED THAT 
the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant 
Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, by delivering the Entitlement using such other 
commercially reasonable manner as it may select and in such event the Settlement Date 
shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate in connection with delivery of the 
Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner.  For the avoidance of doubt, 
where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Relevant Assets 
comprising the Entitlement, the Settlement Date for the Relevant Assets not affected by 
the Settlement Disruption Event will be the originally designated Settlement Date.  In the 
event that a Settlement Disruption Event will result in the delivery on a Settlement Date of 
some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion the appropriate pro rata portion of the Exercise Price to 
be paid by the relevant Warrantholder in respect of that partial settlement.  For so long as 
delivery of the Entitlement is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, 
then in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the 
Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant 
Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, by payment to the relevant Warrantholder of the 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price (as defined below) on the third Business Day following 
the date that notice of such election is given to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 10.  Payment of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10.  The 
Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with Condition 10 that a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred.  No 
Warrantholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant Warrant or Unit, 
as the case may be, in the event of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the 
occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach 
to the Issuer. 
For the purposes hereof: 
“Disruption Cash Settlement Price” in respect of any relevant Warrant or Unit, as the case 
may be, shall be the fair market value of such Warrant or Unit, as the case may be (taking 
into account, where the Settlement Disruption Event affected some but not all of the 
Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement and such non-affected Relevant Assets have 
been duly delivered as provided above, the value of such Relevant Assets), less the cost 
to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined 
by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, plus, if already paid, the Exercise Price 
(or, where as provided above some Relevant Assets have been delivered, and a pro rata 
portion thereof has been paid, such pro rata portion); and

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
“Settlement Disruption Event” means, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, an event 
beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of which the Issuer cannot make delivery of 
the Relevant Asset(s). 
(D) 
Issuer’s Option to Vary Settlement 
Upon a valid exercise of Warrants in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, the 
Issuer may at its sole and unfettered discretion in respect of each such Warrant or, if Units 
are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, elect not to pay the relevant 
Warrantholders the Cash Settlement Amount or to deliver or procure delivery of the 
Entitlement to the relevant Warrantholders, as the case may be, but, in lieu thereof to 
deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement or make payment of the Cash Settlement 
Amount on the Settlement Date to the relevant Warrantholders, as the case may be.  
Notification of such election will be given to Warrantholders no later than 11.00 a.m., 
Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate) on the second Business Day following the 
Actual Exercise Date. 
(E) 
General 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Warrant Agents shall have any 
responsibility for any errors or omissions in the calculation of any Cash Settlement Amount 
or of any Entitlement. 
The purchase of Warrants does not confer on any holder of such Warrants any rights 
(whether in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset. 
All references in this Condition to “Luxembourg or Brussels time” shall, where Warrants 
are cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system, be deemed to refer as 
appropriate to the time in the city where the relevant clearing system is located. 
(F) 
Change in Law 
 
On the occurrence of Change in Law, the Issuer may either make adjustment to the 
Warrant (including but not limited to postponement of any settlement date) or elect to 
redeem the Warrant early at the fair market value less any hedging cost. "Change in Law" 
means that, on or after the Trade Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory 
authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any 
action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and 
absolute discretion that (i) it has become, or there is a reasonable likelihood that it may be 
or will become, illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant securities or any Hedge 
Positions or (ii) it will incur, or there is a reasonable likelihood that it will incur, an increased 
cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Warrants or in maintaining its positions 
in the Warrants as an issuer, or it will or there is a reasonable likelihood that it will not be 
able to enjoy any cost saving (including saving on capital or liquidity charges) but for the 
Issuer making adjustment to the terms of the Warrants (including, without limitation, due 
to any increase in tax liability or capital or liquidity charge, decrease in tax benefit or capital 
or liquidity charge benefit or other adverse effect on the tax or capital or liquidity position 
of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates). 
(G) 
Hedging Disruption 
On the occurrence of a Hedging Disruption and while it is continuing the Issuer may either 
make adjustment to the Warrants (including but not limited to postponement of any

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
settlement date) or elect to redeem the Warrant early upon notice to the Warrantholder 
specifying the date of such termination, which may be the same day that the notice of 
Early Redemption is effective ("Early Redemption Notice") in which event the Calculation 
Agent will determine the value of the Warrant ("Hedge Disruption Redemption Value") 
payable by the Issuer converted into the Settlement Currency.  The Early Redemption 
Notice will specify the date such Hedge Disruption Redemption Value is payable by the 
Issuer to the Warrantholder. If a Hedging Disruption occurs or is subsisting on the exercise 
date the Issuer may (in its sole discretion and without limitation to its rights above) defer 
the Exercise Date and Settlement Date (as the case may be). The Cash Settlement 
Amount payable on the deferred Settlement Date will be deemed to be an amount equal 
to the Hedge Disruption Redemption Value.  
On the occurrence of an Increased Cost of Hedging, the Issuer will give prompt notice to 
the Warrantholder that such increased costs will be or there is a reasonable likelihood that 
it may be incurred and the Issuer may: (a) specify that commercially reasonable 
adjustment(s) will be made to the Warrant (including but not limited to postponement of 
any settlement date); or (b) the Issuer may give notice that it elects to redeem the Warrant 
early, specifying the date of such Early Redemption, which may be the same day that the 
notice of Early Redemption is effective.  The Calculation Agent will determine the Hedge 
Disruption Redemption Value payable by the Issuer to the Warrantholder.  The Early 
Redemption Notice will specify the date such Hedge Disruption Redemption Value is 
payable by the Issuer to the Warrantholder.  If Increased Cost of Hedging occurs or is 
subsisting on or around the Exercise Date, the Cash Settlement Amount will be deemed 
to be the Hedge Disruption Redemption Value. 
 
Where: 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer is unable after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (A) acquire establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of its 
Hedge Positions under the Warrant or (B) freely realize, recover, receive, repatriate, remit 
or transfer the proceeds of its Hedge Positions. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer would or there is a reasonable 
likelihood that it may (1) incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances 
existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, charge, cost expense or fee to (A) acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of its Hedge Position or 
(B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of its Hedge Position or (2) suffer any amount of 
tax, duty, charge, cost, expense or fee, or fail to or become unable to enjoy any cost 
saving (whether in relation to the Hedge Positions or maintaining its positions in the 
Warrants as an issuer) but for the Issuer making adjustment to the terms of the Warrants 
(including but not limited to postponement of any settlement date). 
(H) 
FX Disruption 
If FX Disruption (including Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability and Illiquidity) occurs, is 
continuing or exists on or prior to any date on which a payment is scheduled to be made, 
the Issuer may either (i) suspend the settlement so that the Settlement Date will be the 
10Pth
P Business Day following the day on which the FX Disruption ceases to exist, (ii) settle 
in another currency or (iii) terminate the Warrants early at the fair market value less the 
hedging cost as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion.  
If the Issuer elects to suspend the Warrants, the Issuer shall nevertheless retain the right 
at all times to terminate the Warrants. The Issuer may adjust the payment obligations in 
respect of the Warrants to account for any funding (including internal funding costs) or

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
other charges actually incurred by the Hedging Party as a result of or otherwise during 
such postponement. 
Inconvertibility means it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer and/or any of 
its affiliates to convert any amount to the Settlement Currency at the general exchange 
market, other than where such impossibility, impracticality or illegality is due solely to the 
failure of the Issuer and/or any if its affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any governmental authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted, 
enforced or re-interpreted after the Trade Date and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal 
for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
Non-Transferability means it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer and/or 
any of its affiliates to deliver or repatriate the currency of the underlying asset or the 
Settlement Currency out of the country in which the Hedge Position are traded, or 
between accounts inside such country, other than where such impossibility, impracticality 
or illegality is due solely to the failure of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to comply with 
any law, rule or regulation enacted by any governmental authority (unless such law, rule 
or regulation is enacted, enforced or re-interpreted after the Trade Date and it is 
impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation). 
Illiquidity means it becomes impossible or impracticable to obtain a firm quote of the 
foreign exchange rate of the underlying asset currency and/or the Settlement Currency.  
(I) 
Dividend 
In respect of Security Warrants,  
 
(i) 
if the ex-date of the ordinary dividends or distributions of the Security Issuer 
payable in cash falls after the Trade Date and prior to the Exercise Date, the Issuer 
shall pay to each Warrantholder the Cash Dividend.  
 
The aggregate Cash Dividend amount to which each Warrantholder shall be 
entitled shall be paid or caused to be paid by the Issuer to the Warrantholders’ 
within 5 Business Days following the actual cash dividend payment date of the 
cash dividends by the Security Issuer. Where the terms of a cash dividend 
declared by the Security Issuer entitles a securityholder to elect scrip dividend in 
lieu of cash, the Issuer shall treat such dividend payments as a cash dividend and 
the option to elect scrip shall not be available to a Warrantholder. Where there is 
a material change to the taxes and charges that have been, or will be imposed on 
the Issuer in relation to the receipt and payment of the cash dividend, due to any 
circumstance, the cash dividend amount applicable may be adjusted accordingly 
in good faith by the Issuer to take into account the commercial effect of such 
change. 
 
(ii) 
If the ex-date of a dividend payable in scrip falls after the Trade Date and prior to 
the Exercise Date, the Issuer shall within 5 Business Days after the day the 
Security Issuer delivers its scrip dividend (or its value in cash) to its securityholders 
(or, if later, the day the Issuer receives such scrip dividend) and at its sole 
discretion, issue such whole number of additional Warrants to entitled 
Warrantholders (less any applicable taxes and other charges which have been, 
are or will be imposed on the Issuer in relation to the receipt and payment of the 
Scrip Dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent) equal to the number of 
Securities that would otherwise have been received (save as to the Exercise Date)

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
(any fractional Warrant entitlement to be rounded down to the nearest whole 
Warrant). 
Such payment, issue or delivery of warrants to each Warrantholder as of the 
relevant Warrants Record Date shall equal the number of Securities that would 
have been received as a dividend for the number of Securities (the latter number 
being equal to the aggregate number of Warrants held by such Warrantholder on 
the relevant Warrants Record Date) held by the Issuer (as if the Issuer were a 
holder of Securities) on the relevant Warrants Record Date. 
(J) 
Coupon 
If coupon is payable with respect to a Warrant, then in respect of a Calculation Period and 
a Coupon Payment Date, the Issuer shall pay to each Warrantholder the Coupon Amount 
on such Coupon Payment Date. 
 
(J) 
Distribution Amount 
If a distribution amount is payable with respect to a Bond Warrant, then in respect of an 
Issuer Distribution Date, the Issuer shall pay to each Warrantholder the Distribution 
Amount within five Business Days following the actual interest payment date of the Bond. 
 
(K) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, during the 
Optional Redemption Period as specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified 
in the applicable Final Terms to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10, 
redeem all or some only of the Warrants then outstanding on the Optional Redemption 
Date as specified in the notice and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, 
with interest/Coupon Amount accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. The settlement of the Optional Redemption Amount shall occur on the 
Optional Redemption Settlement Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount 
and/or not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Warrants, 
the Warrants to be redeemed ("Redeemed Warrants") will be selected at the discretion of 
the Issuer. 
 
(L) 
Redemption at the option of the Warrantholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, during the 
Optional Redemption Period as specified in the Final Terms, the Warrantholder may, 
having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 
10, redeem, all or some only of the Warrants then outstanding on the Optional 
Redemption Date as specified in the notice and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, 
if appropriate, with interest/Coupon Amount accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date. The settlement of the Optional Redemption Amount shall occur on the 
Optional Redemption Settlement Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount 
and/or not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. It may be that before an Investor Put can be 
exercised, certain conditions and/or circumstances will need to be satisfied. Where 
relevant, the provisions will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
If this Warrant is represented by a Global Warrant, to exercise the right to require 
redemption of this Warrant the Warrantholder must, within the notice period, give notice 
to the Principal Warrant Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg in a form acceptable to Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, from time to time and, if this Warrant is represented by a 
Global Warrant, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant 
Global Warrant to the Principal Warrant Agent for notation accordingly. 
 
Any put notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Warrant pursuant to 
this Condition 4(L) shall be irrevocable. 
 
 
5. 
Exercise Procedure 
(A) 
Exercise Notice 
Unless the Warrants are automatically exercised, Warrants may only be exercised by the 
delivery, or the sending by tested telex (confirmed in writing), of a duly completed exercise 
notice (an “Exercise Notice”) in the form set out in the Warrant Agreement (copies of which 
form may be obtained from Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and the Warrant Agents 
during normal office hours) to Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may 
be, with a copy to the Principal Warrant Agent in accordance with the provisions set out 
in Condition 4 and this Condition. 
(1) 
In the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the Exercise Notice shall: 
(i) 
specify the series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants 
being exercised and, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of Units being exercised; 
(ii) 
specify the number of the Warrantholder’s account at Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, to be debited with the 
Warrants being exercised; 
(iii) 
irrevocably instruct Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case 
may be, to debit on or before the Settlement Date the Warrantholder’s 
account with the Warrants being exercised; 
(iv) 
specify the number of the Warrantholder’s account at Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, to be credited with the 
Cash Settlement Amount (if any) for each Warrant or Unit, as the case may 
be, being exercised; 
(v) 
include an undertaking to pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including 
any applicable depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp 
duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer and/or 
other taxes or duties arising in connection with the exercise of such 
Warrants (“Exercise Expenses”) and an authority to Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear to deduct an amount in respect thereof from 
any Cash Settlement Amount due to such Warrantholder and/or to debit

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
a specified account of the Warrantholder at Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear, as the case may be, in respect thereof and to pay such Exercise 
Expenses; 
(vi) 
certify that each Warrant is not being exercised by or on behalf of a U.S. 
person (as defined in the Exercise Notice) and that such Warrant is not 
beneficially owned by a U.S. person, unless the Final Terms relating to the 
Warrant expressly provide otherwise in connection with an offering of the 
Warrant pursuant to an exemption from, or a transaction not subject to, 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act; and 
(vii) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings, 
all as provided in the Warrant Agreement. 
(2) 
In the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the Exercise Notice shall: 
(i) 
specify the series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants 
being exercised and, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of Units being exercised; 
(ii) 
specify the number of the Warrantholder’s account at Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, to be debited with the 
Warrants being exercised; 
(iii) 
irrevocably instruct Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case 
may be, to debit on or before the Settlement Date the Warrantholder’s 
account with the Warrants being exercised; 
(iv) 
irrevocably instruct Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case 
may be, to debit on the Actual Exercise Date a specified account of the 
Warrantholder with Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, as the case 
may be, with the aggregate Exercise Prices in respect of such Warrants 
or Units, as the case may be, (together with any other amounts payable); 
(v) 
include an undertaking to pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including 
any applicable depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp 
duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer and/or 
other taxes or duties arising from the exercise of such Warrants and/or the 
delivery or transfer of the Entitlement pursuant to the terms of such 
Warrants (“Exercise Expenses”) and an authority to Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear to debit a specified account of the 
Warrantholder at Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may 
be, in respect thereof and to pay such Exercise Expenses; 
(vi) 
include such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for 
delivery of the Entitlement which may include account details and/or the 
name and address of any person(s) into whose name evidence of the 
Entitlement is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to whom 
documents evidencing the Entitlement are to be delivered and specify the 
name and the number of the Warrantholder’s account with Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be credited with any 
cash payable by the Issuer, either in respect of any cash amount 
constituting the Entitlement or any dividends relating to the Entitlement or

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event and the 
Issuer electing to pay the Disruption Cash Settlement Price; 
(vii) 
specify the number of the Warrantholder’s account at Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, to be credited with the 
amount due upon exercise of the Warrants; 
(viii) 
 certify that each Warrant is not being exercised by or on behalf of a U.S. 
person (as defined in the Exercise Notice) and that such Warrant is not 
beneficially owned by a U.S. person, unless the Final Terms relating to the 
Warrant expressly provide otherwise in connection with an offering of the 
Warrant pursuant to an exemption from, or a transaction not subject to, 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act; and 
(ix) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings, 
all as provided in the Warrant Agreement. 
(3) 
If Condition 4(D) applies, the form of Exercise Notice required to be delivered will 
be different from that set out above.  Copies of such Exercise Notice may be 
obtained from Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and the Warrant Agents 
during normal office hours. 
(B) 
Verification of the Warrantholder 
Upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case 
may be, shall verify that the person exercising the Warrants is the holder thereof according 
to the books of Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be.  Subject 
thereto, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, will confirm to the 
Principal Warrant Agent the series number and number of Warrants being exercised and 
the account details, if applicable, for the payment of the Cash Settlement Amount or, as 
the case may be, the details for the delivery of the Entitlement of each Warrant or Unit, as 
the case may be, being exercised.  Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Principal 
Warrant Agent will inform the Issuer thereof.  Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as 
the case may be, will on or before the Settlement Date debit the account of the relevant 
Warrantholder with the Warrants being exercised.  If the Warrants are American Style 
Warrants, upon exercise of less than all the Warrants constituted by the Global Warrant, 
the Common Depositary will, on the instructions of, and on behalf of, the Principal Warrant 
Agent, note such exercise on the Schedule to the Global Warrant and the number of 
Warrants so constituted shall be reduced by the cancellation pro tanto of the Warrants so 
exercised. 
(C) 
Settlement 
(i) 
Cash Settled Warrants 
The Issuer shall on the Settlement Date pay or cause to be paid the Cash Settlement 
Amount (if any) for each duly exercised Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, to the 
Warrantholder’s account specified in the relevant Exercise Notice for value on the 
Settlement Date less any Exercise Expenses.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
(ii) 
Physical Delivery Warrants 
Subject to payment of the aggregate Exercise Prices and payment of any Exercise 
Expenses with regard to the relevant Warrants or Units, as the case may be, the Issuer 
shall on the Settlement Date deliver, or procure the delivery of, the Entitlement for each 
duly exercised Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, pursuant to the details specified in 
the Exercise Notice.   
(D) 
Determinations 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form 
shall be made by Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, in 
consultation with the Principal Warrant Agent, and shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Issuer, the Warrant Agents and the relevant Warrantholder.  Subject as set out below, any 
Exercise Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or which is not 
copied to the Principal Warrant Agent immediately after being delivered or sent to 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, as provided in paragraph (A) 
above, shall be null and void. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, in consultation with the Principal Warrant 
Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the time such 
correction was delivered to Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, 
and the Principal Warrant Agent. 
Any Warrant with respect to which the Exercise Notice has not been duly completed and 
delivered in the manner set out above by the cut-off time specified in Condition 4(A)(i), in 
the case of American Style Warrants, or Condition 4(A)(ii), in the case of European Style 
Warrants, shall become void. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, shall use its best efforts 
promptly to notify the Warrantholder submitting an Exercise Notice if, in consultation with 
the Principal Warrant Agent, it has determined that such Exercise Notice is incomplete or 
not in proper form.  In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of 
the Issuer, the Warrant Agents, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear shall be liable to 
any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection 
with such determination or the notification of such determination to a Warrantholder. 
(E) 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election by the relevant 
Warrantholder to exercise the Warrants specified.  After the delivery of such Exercise 
Notice, such exercising Warrantholder may not transfer such Warrants. 
(F) 
Exercise Risk 
Exercise of the Warrants is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force 
on the relevant Exercise Date and none of the Issuer and the Warrant Agents shall incur 
any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions contemplated, after using 
all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations or practices.  None of the 
Issuer and the Warrant Agents shall under any circumstances be liable for any acts or 
defaults of Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear in relation to the performance of its 
duties in relation to the Warrants.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
6. 
Minimum and Maximum Number of Warrants Exercisable 
(A) 
American Style Warrants 
This paragraph (A) applies only to American Style Warrants. 
(i) 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Warrantholder on any Actual Exercise 
Date, as determined by the Issuer, must not be less than the Minimum Exercise 
Number specified in the applicable Final Terms and, if specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, if a number greater than the Minimum Exercise Number, must be an 
integral multiple of the number specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Any 
Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision 
shall be void and of no effect. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer determines that the number of Warrants being exercised on any 
Actual Exercise Date by any Warrantholder or a group of Warrantholders (whether 
or not acting in concert) exceeds the Maximum Exercise Number (a number equal 
to the Maximum Exercise Number being the “Quota”), the Issuer may deem the 
Actual Exercise Date for the first Quota of such Warrants, selected at the 
discretion of the Issuer, to be such day and the Actual Exercise Date for each 
additional Quota of such Warrants (and any remaining number thereof) to be each 
of the succeeding Business Days until all such Warrants have been attributed with 
an Actual Exercise Date, provided, however, that the deemed Actual Exercise 
Date for any such Warrants which would thereby fall after the Expiration Date shall 
fall on the Expiration Date.  In any case where more than the Quota of Warrants 
are exercised on the same day by Warrantholder(s), the order of settlement in 
respect of such Warrants shall be at the sole discretion of the Issuer. 
(B) 
European Style Warrants 
This paragraph (B) applies only to European Style Warrants. 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Warrantholder on the Exercise Date, as 
determined by the Issuer, must be equal to the Minimum Exercise Number specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, if a number 
greater than the Minimum Exercise Number, must be an integral multiple of the number 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise 
Warrants in breach of this provision shall be void and of no effect. 
7. 
Illegality and impracticability 
If the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under the Warrants has 
become or will become illegal or impracticable in whole or in part for any reason, the 
Issuer may cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 10. 
Should any one or more of the provisions contained in these Terms and Conditions be or 
become invalid, the validity of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected 
thereby. 
If the Issuer cancels the Warrants then the Issuer will, if and to the extent permitted by 
applicable law, pay an amount to each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if 
Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by 
such holder, which amount shall be the fair market value of a Warrant or Unit, as the case 
may be, notwithstanding such illegality less the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
underlying related hedging arrangements plus, if already paid by or on behalf of the 
Warrantholder, the Exercise Price, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion.  Payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10. 
8. 
Purchases 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Warrants at any price in the 
open market or by tender or private treaty.  Any Warrants so purchased may be held or 
resold or surrendered for cancellation. 
9. 
Agents, Determinations and Modifications 
(A) 
Warrant Agents 
The specified offices of the Warrant Agents are as set out at the end of these Terms and 
Conditions. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any 
Warrant Agent and to appoint further or additional Warrant Agents, provided that no 
termination of appointment of the Principal Warrant Agent shall become effective until a 
replacement Principal Warrant Agent shall have been appointed and provided that, so 
long as any of the Warrants are listed on a stock exchange, there shall be a Warrant Agent 
having a specified office in each location required by the rules and regulations of the 
relevant stock exchange.  Notice of any termination of appointment and of any changes 
in the specified office of any Warrant Agent will be given to Warrantholders in accordance 
with Condition 10.  In acting under the Warrant Agreement, each Warrant Agent acts 
solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any 
relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Warrantholders and any determinations and 
calculations made in respect of the Warrants by any Warrant Agent shall (save in the case 
of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Warrantholders. 
(B) 
Calculation Agent 
In relation to each issue of Warrants, the Calculation Agent acts solely as agent of the 
Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or 
trust for or with, the Warrantholders.  All calculations and determinations made in respect 
of the Warrants by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Warrantholders. 
The Calculation Agent may delegate any of its obligations and functions to a third party 
as it deems appropriate. 
(C) 
Determinations by the Issuer 
Any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to these Terms and Conditions shall (save 
in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the 
Warrantholders. 
(D) 
Modifications 
The Issuer may modify these Terms and Conditions and/or the Warrant Agreement 
without the consent of the Warrantholders in any manner which the Issuer may deem 
necessary or desirable provided that such modification is not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Warrantholders or such modification is of a formal, minor or technical

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
nature or to correct a manifest error or to cure, correct or supplement any defective 
provision contained herein and/or therein.  Notice of any such modification will be given 
to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10 but failure to give, or non-receipt 
of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such modification. 
10. 
Notices 
All notices to Warrantholders shall be valid if delivered (i) to Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear for communication by them to the Warrantholders and (ii) if and so long as the 
Warrants are listed on a stock exchange, in accordance with the rules and regulations of 
the relevant stock exchange.  If the Warrants are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, notices may be published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s internet site 
www.bourse.lu and so long as publication in a daily newspaper with general circulation in 
Luxembourg is required by the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices shall 
be published in the d’Luxemburger Wort.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the second Business Day following such delivery or, if earlier, the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such publication.  
11. 
Expenses and Taxation 
(A) 
A holder of Warrants must pay all Exercise Expenses relating to such Warrants as 
provided above.  
(B) 
The Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or 
other payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, exercise or 
enforcement of any Warrant and all payments made by the Issuer shall be made subject 
to any such tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, 
paid, withheld or deducted.  The Issuer may withhold or deduct from any amount payable 
to the warrantholder such amount as shall be necessary to account for or to pay any such 
tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment in respect of a Hedge Position. The 
Warrantholder shall indemnify the Issuer against any loss, cost or other liability sustained 
or incurred by the Issuer in respect of any such tax, duty, charge, withholding or other 
payment in respect of the Warrants and the Hedge Position. The indemnity shall survive 
the expiry of the Warrants or the sale of the Warrants by the Warrantholder. 
 
The Issuer may deduct and/or withhold an amount from any payment made pursuant to 
the terms of the Warrants if it reasonably expects that tax or duty may be chargeable to 
such payment or the disposal of the Hedge Positions.  
 
The Issuer may determine the amount of any applicable capital gain tax on a first-in-first-
out basis or such other basis at its discretion. If such tax is determined on a first-in-first-
out basis, the tax subject to deduction, withholding and/or indemnity may be determined 
by reference to the overall position of the Issuer (or a counterparty of the Issuer) in the 
relevant asset which may include not only the Hedge Position for a particular series of 
Warrant but also Hedge Position for all other financial instruments issued, or transactions 
entered into, by the Issuer and/or its affiliates (or a counterparty of the Issuer) and 
proprietary position of the Issuer and/or its affiliates (or a counterparty of the Issuer). 
12. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of Warrantholders to 
create and issue further Warrants so as to be consolidated with and form a single series 
with the outstanding Warrants.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
13. 
Substitution of the Issuer  
The Issuer, or any previous substituted company may, at any time, without the consent 
of the Warrantholders, substitute for itself as principal obligor under the Warrants any 
company (“Substitute”), being the Issuer or any other company, subject to: 
(a) 
the Issuer unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteeing in favour of each 
Warrantholder the performance of all obligations by the Substitute under the 
Warrants; 
(b) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done to ensure 
that the Warrants represent legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute 
having been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; 
(c) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Warrant Agreement, with any 
appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it; 
(d) 
each stock exchange on which the Warrants are listed shall have confirmed that, 
following the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Warrants will continue 
to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(e) 
if appropriate, the Substitute shall have appointed a process agent as its agent in 
England to receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action 
or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Warrants; and 
(f) 
the Issuer shall have given at least 30 days’ prior notice of the date of such 
substitution to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10.  
14. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(A) 
The Warrants, the Global Warrant and the Warrant Agreement are governed by and shall 
be construed in accordance with English law.  
(B) 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Warrantholders that the courts of 
England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arises out of or in 
connection with the Warrants, the Global Warrant and the Warrant Agreement and that 
accordingly any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) arising 
out of or in connection with the Warrants, the Global Warrant and the Warrant Agreement 
may be brought in such courts.  The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which 
it may have now or hereafter to the laying of the venue of any such Proceedings in any 
such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been brought in an 
inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such 
Proceedings brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and 
may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction.  Nothing contained in this 
Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions 
preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
(C) 
The Issuer hereby appoints Macquarie Bank Limited, London Branch whose registered 
office is currently at Ropemaker Place, 28 Ropemaker Street, London EC2Y 9HD as its 
agent in England to receive service of process in any Proceedings in England based on 
the Warrants and the Global Warrant.  If for any reason such process agent ceases to act 
as such or no longer has an address in England, the Issuer agrees to appoint a substitute 
process agent and to notify the Warrantholders of such appointment.  Nothing herein shall 
affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
15. 
Terms for Index Warrants, Security Warrants and Bond Warrants 
(A) 
Index Warrants 
(1) 
Market Disruption 
For the purposes hereof: 
“Market Disruption Event” shall mean, in relation to Warrants relating to a single Index or 
Basket of Indices, in respect of an Index, the occurrence or existence on any Trading Day 
during the one-half hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time of: 
(i) 
any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the Exchange(s) or 
otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the Exchanges or otherwise (a) relating to securities/commodities 
that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index, or (b) in 
futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Index on the Exchange(s);  
(ii) 
any event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the 
ability of market participants in general (a) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, the securities/commodities that comprise 20 per cent. or more 
of the level of the relevant Index, or (b) to effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Index on the 
relevant Exchange(s); or 
(iii) 
the closure on any Trading Day of the relevant Exchange(s) relating to 
securities/commodities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the 
relevant Index prior to its scheduled closing time unless such earlier closing time 
is announced by such Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) on such 
Trading Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered in to the 
Exchange(s) system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Trading Day, 
if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, in any such case such suspension or 
limitation is material. 
For the purpose of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in relation to an 
Index at any time, if trading in a security/commodity included in that Index is materially 
suspended or materially limited at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of 
that security/commodity to the level of that Index shall be based on a comparison of (i) 
the portion of the level of that Index attributable to that security/commodity relative to (ii) 
the overall level of that Index, in each case immediately before that suspension or 
limitation. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with Condition 10 that a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
(2) 
Adjustments to an Index 
(a) 
Successor Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index 
If a relevant Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the entity that is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods 
of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Index and announces 
(directly or through an agent) the level of the Index on a regular basis (“Sponsor”)

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
but is calculated and announced by a successor to the Sponsor (“Successor 
Sponsor”) acceptable to the Calculation Agent or (ii) replaced by a successor 
index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of that Index, then in each case that index (“Successor Index”) will be 
deemed to be the Index. 
(b) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index 
If (i) on or prior to a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date the Sponsor or (if 
applicable) the Successor Sponsor makes a material change in the formula for or 
the method of calculating a relevant Index or in any other way materially modifies 
that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent stock, capitalisation, 
contracts or commodities and other routine events) or permanently cancels the 
Index and no Successor Index exists, (ii) on a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date 
the Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Sponsor fails to calculate and 
announce a relevant Index, or (iii) the Calculation Agent reasonably considers that 
any authorisation, registration, recognition endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Index or the Sponsor 
or (if applicable) the Successor Sponsor has not been, or will not be, obtained or 
has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect 
that the Issuer is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or 
regulation to use the Index as the underlying index of the Warrants, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price using, in lieu of a published 
level for that Index, the level for that Index as at the Valuation Time on that 
Valuation Date or that Averaging Date, as the case may be, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating 
that Index last in effect prior to that change or failure, but using only those 
securities/commodities that comprised that Index immediately prior to that 
change or failure (other than those securities that have since ceased to be listed 
on the Exchange(s)). Alternatively, the Calculation Agent may determine the level 
for that Index using the closing level of the relevant spot-month index futures 
contract on that Valuation Date or that Averaging Date, if available. 
(c) 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Principal Warrant 
Agent of any determination made by it pursuant to paragraph (b) above and the 
Principal Warrant Agent shall make available for inspection during normal office 
hours by Warrantholders copies of any such determinations. 
(B) 
Security Warrants 
For the purposes of this Condition 15(B): 
“Basket Security Issuer” means a security issuer whose securities are included in the 
Basket of Securities and “Basket Security Issuers” means all such security issuers; 
“Securities” and “Security” mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with this Condition 
15(B), the shares or units of the relevant Basket Security Issuer and, in the case of an 
issue of Warrants relating to a single Security, such shares or units and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly; and

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
“Security Issuer” means, in the case of an issue of Warrants relating to a single share or 
unit, the company or unit trust that has issued such share or unit. 
(1) 
Market Disruption 
For the purposes hereof: 
“Market Disruption Event” shall mean, in relation to Warrants relating to a single Security 
or a Basket of Securities, in respect of a Security, the occurrence or existence on any 
Trading Day during the one-half hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time of 
any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant exchange or otherwise) in: 
(i) 
any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the Exchange(s) or 
otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the Exchange(s) or otherwise (a) relating to the Security on the 
Exchange, or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to the Security on the 
Exchange(s);  
(ii) 
any event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the 
ability of market participants in general (a) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, the Securities on the Exchange, or (b) to effect transactions in, 
or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the Security on 
the relevant Exchange(s); or 
(iii) 
the closure on any Trading Day of the Security on the relevant Exchange(s) prior 
to its scheduled closing time unless such earlier closing time is announced by 
such Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time 
for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) on such Trading Day and (ii) 
the submission deadline for orders to be entered in to the Exchange(s) system for 
execution at the Valuation Time on such Trading Day, 
if in the determination of the Calculation Agent, in any such case such suspension or 
limitation is material. 
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance 
with Condition 10 that a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
(2) 
Potential Adjustment Events, Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation and 
Insolvency 
(a) 
For the purposes hereof: 
“Potential Adjustment Event” means any of the following: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Securities (unless 
resulting in a Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such 
Securities to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar 
issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Securities of 
(a) such Securities or (b) other share capital or securities granting the right 
to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Basket 
Security Issuer or Security Issuer, as the case may be, equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such Securities or (c) 
share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
(directly or indirectly) by the Basket Security Issuer or Security Issuer, as 
the case may be, as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or (d) 
any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case 
for payment (in cash or otherwise) at less than the prevailing market price 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
an extraordinary dividend; 
(iv) 
a call by a Basket Security Issuer or Security Issuer, as the case may be, 
in respect of relevant Securities that are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by the Basket Security Issuer or Security Issuer, as the case 
may be, of relevant Securities whether out of profits or capital and whether 
the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(vi) 
in respect of a Basket Security Issuer or Security Issuer, as the case may 
be, an event that results in any securityholder rights being distributed or 
becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the 
capital stock of the Basket Security Issuer or Security Issuer, as the case 
may be, pursuant to a securityholder rights plan or arrangement directed 
against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain 
events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or 
stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of 
such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(vii) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting 
or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Securities. 
Following the declaration by the Basket Security Issuer or Security Issuer, as the 
case may be, of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation 
Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of 
the Securities and, if so, will (a) (i) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to 
any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement and/or the Exercise 
Price and/or the Multiplier and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion determines appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment; (b) 
issue additional Warrants (or warrants of the Issuer on substantially the same term 
of the Warrants (save as to the Exercise Date)); or (c) early redeem or terminate 
the Warrants.  The Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the 
appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential 
Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the Securities 
traded on that options exchange. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation 
Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with Condition 10, stating the adjustment to any Relevant Asset 
and/or the Entitlement and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Multiplier and/or any 
of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms and the date from which such adjustment is effective and giving brief details 
of the Potential Adjustment Event.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
If the ex-date in regard to any rights issue of the Securities fall after the Trade Date 
and prior to the Exercise Date, the Issuer shall issue or effect the delivery of either 
(i) a number of further Warrants to the Warrantholder; or (ii) the cash equivalent of 
such further Warrants relative to the number of Warrants held by the 
Warrantholder on the Warrants Record Date, subject to (a) the written consent of 
the Warrantholder to participate in respect of the corresponding rights issue of the 
Securities, and (b) the full payment of the equivalent amount in the Settlement 
Currency by the Warrantholder to the Issuer for the subscription of such further 
Warrants (including but not limited to all Warrantholder’s Expenses subscribing for 
the equivalent number of Securities).  
Such Warrants will be issued by the Issuer as soon as practicable after the Rights 
Securities Receipt Date. In case the Rights Securities Receipt Date falls on or after 
the Exercise Date, the Issuer has absolute discretion to either pay an equivalent 
amount in the Settlement Currency or issue such number of warrants on 
substantially the same term of the Warrants (save as to the Exercise Date) to 
reflect the market value of such Securities on or about the Rights Securities 
Receipt Date. The market value of such Securities is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its absolute discretion. 
"Right Securities Receipt Date" means the date upon which the Securities issued 
under a rights issue would have been received by a holder of the Securities under 
the prevailing market practice.” 
Where the Exercise Date is, or is deemed to be, the Warrants Record Date under 
these Conditions (as set out below), a Warrantholder shall only be entitled to the 
Cash Dividend or Scrip Dividend (as the case may be) if the Securities are trading 
ex dividend on the Exercise Date. 
In consultation with the Issuer, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Warrants 
Record Date. The “Warrants Record Date” shall mean, in respect of a dividend or 
rights issue, a date and time by which a Warrantholder must be registered as a 
holder of the relevant Warrants in order to be entitled to the Cash Dividend, Scrip 
Dividend or any rights issue (as the case may be). 
In determining the Warrants Record Date, the Calculation Agent shall take into 
consideration the date fixed by the Security Issuer for entitlement of its 
securityholders to payment of the dividend or participate in the relevant rights 
issue, as the case may be, and shall endeavour but shall not be obligated to 
appoint the same date. 
As at the Warrants Record Date, the Calculation Agent on behalf of the Issuer 
shall have sole and absolute discretion to determine the list of Warrantholders and 
such decision of the Calculation Agent shall be final and conclusive for the 
purposes of these Conditions and the obligations of the Issuer to pay any Cash 
Dividend or Scrip Dividend (as the case may be) or otherwise. No person who 
becomes registered as a holder of the relevant Warrants at any time following the 
Warrants Record Date shall be entitled to a Cash Dividend or Scrip Dividend 
payment or any entitlements. 
Respect of any rights issue for the Securities, additional Instruments will be issued 
to entitled Instrument holders, subject to (i) the Issuer receiving written consent of 
the Instrument holder to participate in the corresponding rights issue of the 
Security; and (ii) receipt of the full payment of the USD equivalent amount by the 
Issuer from the Instrument holder for the subscription of such Instruments

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
(inclusive of any applicable tax and other charges as determined by the Calculation 
Agent). 
(b) 
For the purposes hereof: 
“De-listing” means, in respect of any relevant Securities, that the Exchange 
announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the Securities cease (or 
will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason 
(other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-
traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same 
country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, 
in any member state of the European Union). 
“Insolvency” means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, 
bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding 
affecting the Basket Security Issuer or Security Issuer, as the case may be, (i) all 
the Securities of that Basket Security Issuer or Security Issuer, as the case may 
be, are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or 
(ii) holders of the Securities of that Basket Security Issuer or Security Issuer, as 
the case may be, become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
“Merger Date” means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date 
cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such 
other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Merger Event” means, in respect of any relevant Securities, any (i) reclassification 
or change of such Securities that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such Securities outstanding to another entity or 
person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding security exchange of 
the Basket Security Issuer or Security Issuer, as the case may be, with or into 
another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding security exchange in which such Basket Security Issuer or Security Issuer, 
as the case may be, is the continuing entity and which does not result in any such 
reclassification or change of all such Securities outstanding) or (iii) takeover offer, 
tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or 
person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100% of the outstanding Securities of 
such Basket Security Issuer or Security Issuer, as the case may be, that results in 
a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Securities (other 
than such Securities owned or controlled by such other entity or person) or (iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding security exchange of the relevant 
Basket Security Issuer or Security Issuer, as the case may be, or its subsidiaries 
with or into another entity in which the Basket Security Issuer or Security Issuer, 
as the case may be, is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Securities outstanding but results in the 
outstanding Securities (other than Securities owned or controlled by such other 
entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50% of 
the outstanding Securities immediately following such event (“Reverse Merger”), 
in each case if the Merger Date is on or before, in the case of Physical Delivery 
Warrants, the relevant Actual Exercise Date or, in any other case, the final 
Valuation Date or where Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
final Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Warrant. 
“Nationalisation” means that all the Securities or all the assets or substantially all 
the assets of the Basket Security Issuer or Security Issuer, as the case may be,

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority or entity. 
“Tender Offer” means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person 
purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or 
other means, greater than 10% and less than 100% of the outstanding voting 
securities of the Basket Security Issuer or Security Issuer, as the case may be, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with 
governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
If a Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency occurs in 
relation to a Security, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the 
action described in (i), (ii) or (iii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute 
discretion (a) the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or 
more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement and/or the Exercise 
Price and/or the Multiplier and/or any of the other terms of these Terms 
and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the 
Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency, as 
the case may be, and determine the effective date of that adjustment 
and/or (b) in respect of a Merger Event, the whole number of replacement 
warrants of the Issuer relating to the securities of the successor entity 
under the Merger Event on substantially the same Conditions as the 
Warrants (save as to Exercise Date) (the “Merger Warrants”) (any fractional 
Merger Warrants to be rounded down to the nearest whole Merger 
Warrants) to be issued by the Issuer to reflect such Merger Event and, 
subject to the relevant Warrantholder paying all Warrantholder’s Expenses 
in relation thereto and, upon such determination, the Issuer will, as soon 
as practicable determine the effective date of that adjustment and/or the 
date of issue of such Merger Warrants and issue such Merger Warrants 
to the Warrantholders, to be distributed between Warrantholders in 
proportion to the ratio that each Warrantholder’s holding of Warrants at 
the time of the issue of the Merger Warrants bears to the total number of 
Warrants outstanding on such date. Upon the issue of Merger Warrants 
to any Warrantholder, such Warrantholder’s holding of Warrants will be 
cancelled and the Issuer shall have no further obligations in respect of 
such cancelled Warrants.  The Calculation Agent may (but need not) 
determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in 
respect of the Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation or 
Insolvency made by any options exchange to options on the Securities 
traded on that options exchange; 
(ii) 
cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 10.  If the Warrants are so cancelled the Issuer will pay an 
amount to each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, 
held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Warrant or a 
Unit, as the case may be, taking into account the Merger Event, Tender 
Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may be, less 
the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements plus, if already paid, the Exercise Price, all as determined

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion.  Payments will 
be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with Condition 10; or 
(iii) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the 
Securities traded on such exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer 
in its sole discretion shall select (“Options Exchange”), require the 
Calculation Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to any one or 
more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement and/or the Exercise 
Price and/or the Multiplier and/or any of the other terms of these Terms 
and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms, which adjustment will 
be effective as of the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the 
effective date of the corresponding adjustment made by the Options 
Exchange.  If options on the Securities are not traded on the Options 
Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any 
one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement and/or the 
Exercise Price and/or the Multiplier and/or any of the other terms of these 
Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate, with 
reference to the rules and precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange 
to account for the Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation 
or Insolvency, as the case may be, that in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent would have given rise to an adjustment by the Options 
Exchange if such options were so traded. 
(c) 
Upon the occurrence of a Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation 
or Insolvency, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10 stating the occurrence of the 
Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case 
may be, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto and the date from which the adjustment is effective. However, 
Warrantholders should be aware that there may necessarily be some delay 
between the time at which any of the above events occur and the time at which 
notice thereof is given to the Warrantholders. 
 
 
(d) 
The Calculation Agent may in its sole discretion make any other adjustments to 
the Conditions of the Warrants that it deems necessary from time to time in order 
to maintain the theoretical value of the Warrants. 
 
(e) 
By subscribing for or purchasing the Warrants, each Warrantholder acknowledges 
and agrees that the Issuer or any of its affiliates may make such disclosure to any 
legal or regulatory body or authority as the Issuer or any of its affiliates shall 
consider necessary or appropriate regarding the Warrants or the Hedge Positions. 
In addition, each Warrantholder represents to the Issuer that its purchase of the 
Warrants has not resulted in and will not result in any violation by itself or the Issuer 
of any applicable laws and regulations and such representation is deemed to be 
repeated at all times until the termination of the Warrants. 
 
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance 
with Condition 10 that a Market Disruption Event has occurred.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
(3) 
China Connect Service 
Where the Final Terms relating to the Warrant specifies that China Connect Service terms 
are applicable, Condition 3 shall be amended by adding the following defined terms in 
alphabetical order. The following defined terms shall be read together with, and shall 
supplement, those definitions under Condition 3. In respect of the same definition, the 
following defined terms and the definition under Condition 3 shall both apply to the extent 
they are reconcilable. In case of any inconsistencies, the defined terms in this section shall 
prevail. 
“China Connect Business Day” means any Trading Day on which the China Connect 
Service is open for order-routing during its regular order-routing sessions, notwithstanding 
the China Connect Service closing prior to its scheduled closing time (without regard to 
any order-routing outside of the regular order-routing session hours). 
“China Connect Disruption” means (i) any suspension of or limitation imposed on routing 
of orders  (including in respect of buy orders only, sell orders only or both buy and sell 
orders) through the China Connect Service , relating to the share on the Exchange (or in 
the case of an Index Warrant, relating to securities that comprise 20 percent or more of 
the level of the relevant index) or (ii) any event (other than a China Connect Early Closure) 
that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of the market 
participants in general to enter orders in respect of shares through the China Connect 
Service (or in the case of an Index Warrant, in securities that comprise 20 percent or more 
of the level of the relevant index) 
“China Connect Early Closure” means the closure on any China Connect Business Day 
of the China Connect Service (provided that, in the case of an Index Warrant, securities 
that comprise 20 percent or more of the level of the relevant Index are securities that are 
order-routed through the China Connect Service) prior to its scheduled closing time 
unless such earlier closing time is announced by SEHK or the Exchange, as the case may 
be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for order-routing 
through the China Connect Service on such China Connect Business Day and (ii) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the China Connect Service system for 
execution on the Exchange at the Valuation Time on such China Connect Business Day.  
“China Connect Service” means the securities trading and clearing links programme 
developed by the Exchange, The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“SEHK”), China 
Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation (“CSDCC”) and Hong Kong Securities 
Clearing Company Limited (“HKSCC”), through which (i) SEHK and/or its affiliates 
provides order-routing and other related services for certain eligible securities traded on 
the Exchange and (ii) CSDCC and HKSCC provides clearing, settlement, depository and 
other services in relation to such securities. 
“China Connect Service Termination” means, on or after the Trade Date, the 
announcement by one or more of the Exchange, SEHK, the CSDCC, HKSCC or any 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of a suspension or termination of the 
China Connect Service or a part thereof for any reason which materially affects the routing 
of orders in respect of, or holding of, the shares through the China Connect Service and 
the Calculation Agent determines that there is a reasonable likelihood that such 
suspension or termination is not, or will not be, temporary. 
“China Connect Share Disqualification” means, on or after the Trade Date, the shares 
cease to be accepted as “China Connect Securities” (as defined in the rules of the 
exchange of SEHK) for the purpose of the China Connect Service.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
“Hedging Disruption” shall include (without limitation) (i) any inability to hedge by the 
Hedging Party or its affiliates as a result of compliance with any foreign ownership 
restrictions imposed by the issuer of any share, any exchange or any court, tribunal, 
government or regulatory authority in the People’s Republic of China excluding Hong 
Kong, Macau and Taiwan (“PRC”) or Hong Kong; (ii) China Connect Share Disqualification; 
(iii) China Connect Service Termination; and (iv) for the avoidance of doubt, using 
commercially reasonable efforts to hedge the risks with respect to the Transaction 
referred to in Hedging Disruption does not include the use of any quota granted to such 
Hedging Party or its affiliates under the Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (“QFII”) or 
Renminbi Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (“RQFII”) schemes. 
“Market Disruption Event” includes (i) a China Connect Disruption or (ii) a China Connect 
Early Closure. 
“Trading Day” means any day that is (or, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption 
Event (as set out in Condition 15), would have been) (i) a trading day of the Exchange(s) 
other than a day on which trading on any such Exchange is scheduled to close prior to 
its regular weekday closing time and, if applicable, (ii) the China Connect Service is 
scheduled to be open for order-routing for its regular order-routing sessions; 
(C) 
Bond Warrants 
(1) 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Bankruptcy" means a Bond Issuer: 
(a)  
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger);  
(b)  
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a 
judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its 
debts as they become due;  
(c)  
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or 
composition becomes effective; 
(d)  
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or other law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented 
against it, such proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation 
or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 calendar 
days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(e)  
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f)  
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all 
or substantially all its assets; 
(g)  
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a 
distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or 
sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in 
each case within 30 calendar days thereafter; or 
(h)  
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable 
laws of any jurisdiction, has any analogous effect to any of the events specified in 
paragraphs (a) to (g) (inclusive). 
“Bond Event” shall mean, in respect of a Bond, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
the occurrence during the period from and including the Trade Date to but excluding the 
Valuation Date of one or more of Bond Acceleration, Bond Default, Bond Early 
Redemption, Bond Failure to Pay, Bond Governmental Intervention, Bond Issuer ISDA 
Event or Bond Restructuring, including if such Bond Event is the result of a Bond Change 
in Law Event. The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with Condition 10 that a Bond Event has occurred. 
“Bond Acceleration” means, in respect of a Bond, a Bond has become due and payable 
before it would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, 
the occurrence of a default, event of default, early redemption or other similar condition 
or event (however described in the terms and conditions governing such Bond). 
“Bond Change in Law Event” means (i) the adoption of any change in any applicable law 
or regulation (including without limitation, any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency 
or capital requirements) or (ii) the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by 
any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law 
or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or brought in a court of 
competent jurisdiction).  
“Bond Default” means, in respect of a Bond, a Bond has become capable of being 
declared due and payable before it would otherwise have been due and payable as a 
result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default, or other similar 
condition or event (however described in the terms and conditions governing such Bond), 
notwithstanding any grace period set forth in the terms and conditions governing such 
Bond. 
“Bond Early Redemption” means, in respect of a Bond (i) an early repayment at par of the 
Bond other than in accordance with its terms and conditions, (ii) an early redemption of 
the Bond for tax reasons in accordance with its terms and conditions, (iii) an early 
redemption of the Bond at, below or above par in accordance with its terms and 
conditions or (iv) any other early redemption and/or early repayment of the Bond in 
accordance with its terms and conditions, including, without limitation, any partial or total 
call of the Bonds by the Bond Issuer. 
“Bond Failure to Pay” means, in respect of a Bond, the failure by a Bond Issuer to make, 
when and where due, any payment under a Bond, provided that such failure is not 
remedied on or before the third Business Day (included) immediately following the relevant 
scheduled payment date, notwithstanding any grace period set forth in the terms and 
conditions governing such Bond at the time of such failure. 
“Bond Governmental Intervention” means, with respect to one or more Bonds that any 
one or more of the following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement 
made, by a governmental authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and 
resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable 
to the Bond Issuer in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is 
expressly provided for under the terms of the Bond:

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
(i) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: (A) a reduction in 
the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); (B) a reduction in the amount of 
principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of redenomination); 
(C) a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment 
or accrual of interest or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; or (D) a change 
in the ranking in priority of payment of any obligation under the Bond, causing the 
subordination of such obligation to any other obligation of the Bond Issuer;  
(ii) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial 
holder of the Bond;  
(iii) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or  
(iv) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in 
paragraphs (i) to (iii) of this definition. 
“Bond Issuer” means the issuer of the Bond as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Bond Issuer ISDA Event” means that there is a public announcement by ISDA of the 
occurrence of, in relation to the Bond Issuer, one or more of Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, 
Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or 
Governmental Intervention as defined in this Condition 15(C)(1). 
“Bond Restructuring” means that:  
(a)  
with respect to each Bond, any one or more of the following events occurs in a 
form that binds any holders of such Bond (including, in each case, by way of an 
exchange), whether or not such event is expressly provided for or not under the terms of 
such Bond in effect as of the date as of which such Bond is issued or incurred: (i) any 
amount to be received by any holder of the Bond under the Bond would be reduced or 
paid in or exchanged into another form due to any Bond Change in Law Event; (ii) a 
reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals initially provided for; (iii) a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable 
at maturity or at scheduled redemption dates initially provided for; (iv) a postponement, 
suspension or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of 
interest or (B) the payment of principal or premium; (v) a change in the ranking in priority 
of payment of any obligation under the Bond, causing the subordination of such obligation 
to any other obligation of the Bond Issuer; (vi) any change in the currency or composition 
of any payment of interest or principal to any other currency; or (vii) any variation of the 
terms of the Bond. 
(b)  
Notwithstanding the provisions of (a) above, the following will not constitute a 
Bond Restructuring: the payment in euro of interest or principal in relation to a Bond 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has 
adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union. 
“Borrowed Money” means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit 
arrangement for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of principal) 
for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, without 
limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to 
letters of credit). 
“Buyer” means the party specified as such in the related Confirmation. 
“Confirmation” means, with respect to a Credit Derivatives Transaction, one or more 
documents and other confirming evidence exchanged between the parties or otherwise

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
effective, which taken together, confirm or evidence all of the terms of that Credit 
Derivatives Transaction. 
“Credit Derivative Transaction” means any transaction that is identified in the related 
Confirmation as a Credit Derivative Transaction or any transaction that incorporates the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
“Credit Event” means, with respect to a Credit Derivative Transaction, one or more of 
Bankruptcy, 
Failure 
to 
Pay, 
Obligation 
Acceleration, 
Obligation 
Default, 
Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention as specified in the 
related Confirmation.  
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will 
constitute a Credit Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, 
or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(A) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Bond Issuer to enter into 
any Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying 
Obligation; 
(B) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with 
respect to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(C) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction 
of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or 
(D) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or 
any other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however 
described. 
“Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee” means each committee established by 
ISDA pursuant to the DC Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions 
(including, but not limited to, the determination of the occurrence of a Credit Event) in 
connection with “Credit Derivative Transactions” as more fully described in the DC Rules. 
“DC Resolution” has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
“DC Rules” means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published 
by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to 
time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
“DC Secretary” has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
“Default Requirement” means USD 10,000,000 or the amount specified as such in the 
Confirmation for the applicable Credit Derivative Transaction (or in each case its equivalent 
in the Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event). 
“Definitions” means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
“Deliver” means to deliver, novate, transfer (including in the case of a Guarantee, transfer 
of the benefit of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in order to convey all right, 
title and interest to the Seller as more fully described in the Definitions. Delivery and 
Delivered will be construed accordingly.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
“Downstream Affiliate” means an entity, whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the 
date of issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50%. owned, directly or indirectly, 
by the Bond Issuer. 
"Failure to Pay" means after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), 
the failure by a Bond Issuer to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in 
accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
“Fixed Cap” means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the 
liability of the Bond Issuer in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying 
Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference 
to a formula with one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding 
principal or other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be 
considered to be variable inputs). 
“Governmental Authority” means: 
(i)  
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof); 
(ii)  
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or 
supranational body; 
(iii)  
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution 
authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including 
a central bank) of the Bond Issuer or some or all of its obligations; or 
(iv)  
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in 
paragraphs (i) to (iii) above. 
"Governmental Intervention" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in 
relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or 
more of the following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made 
by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution 
law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the 
Bond Issuer in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly 
provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
(a)  
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: (i) a reduction in the 
rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals (including 
by way of redenomination); (ii) a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable 
at redemption (including by way of redenomination); (iii) a postponement or other deferral 
of a date or dates for either (I) the payment or accrual of interest, or (II) the payment of 
principal or premium; or (iv) a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, 
causing the Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b)  
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial 
holder of the Obligation; 
(c)  
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(d)  
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in 
paragraphs (a) to (c).

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
For purposes of this definition of Governmental Intervention, the term Obligation shall be 
deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Bond Issuer is acting as provider 
of a Guarantee. 
"Grace Period" means: 
(a)  
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the applicable grace period with respect 
to payments under and in accordance with the terms of the relevant Obligation in effect 
as of the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b)  
if "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applying in the related Confirmation, a 
Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date and 
the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the relevant 
Scheduled Termination Date, the Grace Period will be deemed to be the lesser of such 
grace period and the period specified as such in the related Confirmation or, if no period 
is specified, 30 calendar days; and 
(c)  
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period 
with respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three 
Grace Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace 
Period of 3 Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; 
provided that; unless Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in the related 
Confirmation, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled 
Termination Date. 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on 
the days specified for that purpose in the relevant Obligation and if a place or places are 
not so specified, in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if (a) Grace Period Extension is specified as 
applicable in the related Confirmation and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior 
to the Scheduled Termination Date, the date that is the number of days in the Grace 
Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay.  If Grace Period Extension is not 
specified as applicable in the related Confirmation, Grace Period Extension shall not apply 
to the relevant Credit Derivative Transaction. 
“Guarantee” means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference 
Obligation. 
“Loan” means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money category that is 
documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit 
agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
“Market Disruption Event” means any event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in or 
obtain market values for the Bonds. 
“Multiple Holder Obligation” means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event which 
constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not 
Affiliates of each other and (ii) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined 
pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least 
equal to sixty-six-and two-thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a 
Restructuring Credit Event provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
to satisfy the requirement in this subparagraph (ii) of this definition of Multiple Holder 
Obligation. 
“Notice of Publicly Available Information” means an irrevocable notice from the Notifying 
Party to the other party that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence 
of the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the 
Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must 
contain a copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available 
Information. If “Notice of Publicly Available Information” is applicable to a Credit Derivative 
Transaction and the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as 
applicable, contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information. 
“Notifying Party” means “Buyer or Seller” unless otherwise specified in the related 
Confirmation. 
"Obligation" means: (a) any obligation of a Bond Issuer (either directly or as a provider of 
a Relevant Guarantee) for the payment or repayment of money (including, without 
limitation, Borrowed Money), including for the avoidance of doubt, the Reference 
Obligation. 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not 
less than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of 
a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other 
than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of a Bond Issuer under one or 
more Obligations. 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which the Obligation is 
denominated. 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable 
before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis 
of, the occurrence of a default, event of default, or other similar condition or event 
(however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of a 
Bond Issuer under one or more Obligations. 
“Payment Requirement” means USD 1,000,000 or the amount specified as such in the 
Confirmation for the applicable Credit Derivative Transaction (or in each case, its 
equivalent in the Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay 
or Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable). 
“Permitted Transfer” means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the 
assumption by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of 
cancellation and execution of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same 
terms, in circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the 
assets of the Bond Issuer to the same single transferee. 
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by a Bond Issuer to make, when and where 
due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement 
under one or more Obligations, without regard to any grace period or any conditions 
precedent to the commencement of any grace period applicable to such Obligations, in 
accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
“Potential Repudiation/Moratorium” means the occurrence of an event described in 
paragraph (i)(a) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium. 
“Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee” means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Bond Issuer 
in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Bond Issuer. 
“Qualifying Guarantee” means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may 
include a statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Bond Issuer irrevocably agrees, 
undertakes, or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for 
amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an 
Underlying Obligation for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of 
payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement 
which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(i)  
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter 
of credit (or legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(ii)  
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the 
Bond Issuer can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a 
result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case 
other than: (a) by payment; (b) by way of Permitted Transfer; (c) by operation of law; (d) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or (e) due to: (A) provisions permitting or anticipating 
a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as 
applicable in the related Confirmation; or (B) any Solvency Capital Provisions, if 
"Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the related 
Confirmation. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, 
release, reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of 
the Bond Issuer and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time 
of the relevant determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or 
Underlying Obligation, due to or following the occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect 
of the guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the 
definition of Bankruptcy in respect of the Bond Issuer or the Underlying Obligor, then it 
shall be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, 
notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(ii)  
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with 
the Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and 
(iii)  
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject 
to such Fixed Cap must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of such 
guarantee. 
“Reference Obligation” means each obligation specified as such or of a type described in 
the related Confirmation. 
“Relevant Guarantee” means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if “All Guarantees” is 
specified as applicable in the related Confirmation, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the following events:

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
(a) an authorised officer of a Bond Issuer or a Governmental Authority: (x) disaffirms, 
disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or 
more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement; or (y) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de 
jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement; and 
(b) a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a 
Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any 
such Obligation occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Notice Date. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date” means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the date that is 14 calendar days after the Scheduled Termination 
Date, (i) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include 
Bonds, the date that is the later of (A) the date that is 60 days after the date of such 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (B) the first payment date under any such Bond 
after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of 
any applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (ii) if the Obligations to 
which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date that 
is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; provided that, in either 
case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled 
Termination Date unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition” means a condition that is satisfied: 
(A)  
if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was 
delivered and effectively received, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee 
has 
Resolved 
that 
an 
event 
that 
constitutes 
a 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium for purposes of the relevant Credit Derivative Transaction has 
occurred with respect to an Obligation of the Bond Issuer and that such event occurred 
on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date, or 
(B)  
otherwise, by the delivery by the Notifying Party to the other party of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and unless Notice of Publicly Available 
Information is specified as "Not applicable" in the related Confirmation, a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information that are each effective on or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar 
days after the Scheduled Termination Date. 
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have 
been satisfied, or not capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary 
publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that either (i) an event does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
for purposes of the relevant Credit Derivative Transaction with respect to an Obligation of 
the Bond Issuer or (ii) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for 
purposes of the relevant Credit Derivative Transaction has occurred with respect to an 
Obligation of the Bond Issuer but that such event occurred after the Scheduled 
Termination Date.  
“Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the 
Notifying Party to the other party that describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that 
occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date. A Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to 
the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the 
date of the occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
“Resolve” has the meaning given to it in the DC Rules, and “Resolved” and “Resolves” 
shall be construed accordingly. 
"Restructuring" means that,  
(A) 
with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs 
in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between a Bond Issuer or a 
Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all 
the holders of the Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by a Bond Issuer or 
a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, and such 
event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the 
later of (i) the Credit Event Backstop Date applicable to a Series and (ii) the date as of 
which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(a)  
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals; 
(b)  
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at maturity or 
at scheduled redemption dates; 
(c)  
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the 
payment or accrual of interest or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; 
(d)  
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing 
the Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(e)  
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest or 
principal to any currency which is not a Permitted Currency; 
(B) 
Notwithstanding the above provisions, none of the following shall constitute a 
Restructuring: 
(i)  
the payment in euros of interest or principal in relation to an Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts 
or has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(ii)  
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in (a) to (e) above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting 
adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the 
ordinary course of business; and 
(iii)  
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in (a) to (e) above in circumstances where such event does not directly 
or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition 
of the Bond Issuer. 
For the purposes of the definition of Restructuring and Multiple Holder Obligation, the term 
Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Bond Issuer 
is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying 
Obligation, references to the Bond Issuer in paragraph (A) above shall be deemed to refer

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Bond Issuer in paragraph (B) above 
shall continue to refer to the Bond Issuer. 
“Scheduled Termination Date” means the date specified as such in the related 
Confirmation. 
“Seller” means the party specified as such in the related Confirmation. 
“Subordination” means, with respect to an obligation (the Second Obligation) and another 
obligation of the Bond Issuer to which such obligation is being compared (the First 
Obligation), a contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (i) upon the 
liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding-up of the Bond Issuer, claims of the 
holders of the First Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders 
of the Second Obligation or (ii) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to 
receive or retain payments in respect of their claims against the Bond Issuer at any time 
that the Bond Issuer is in payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the First 
Obligation. 
“Underlying Obligation” means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the 
subject of the guarantee. 
“Underlying Obligor” means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the 
case of a Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of 
any other Underlying Obligation. 
“Voting Shares” means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the 
board of directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
(2) 
Bond Event 
If a Bond Event occurs in relation to a Bond, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion 
may take the action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion (a) 
the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset 
and/or the Entitlement and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Multiplier and/or any of the 
other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account 
for the Bond Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 10.  If the Warrants are so cancelled the Issuer will pay an amount to each 
Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by him which amount shall be the fair market 
value of a Warrant or a Unit, as the case may be, taking into account the Bond Event, 
less the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements 
plus, if already paid, the Exercise Price, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion.  Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified 
to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10. 
Upon the occurrence of a Bond Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10 stating the occurrence of the Bond 
Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto and 
the date from which the adjustment is effective. However, Warrantholders should be 
aware that there may necessarily be some delay between the time at which any of the 
above events occur and the time at which notice thereof is given to the Warrantholders.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
 
By subscribing for or purchasing the Warrants, each Warrantholder acknowledges and 
agrees that the Issuer or any of its affiliates may make such disclosure to any legal or 
regulatory body or authority as the Issuer or any of its affiliates shall consider necessary 
or appropriate regarding the Warrants or the Hedge Positions. In addition, each 
Warrantholder represents to the Issuer that its purchase of the Warrants has not resulted 
in and will not result in any violation by itself or the Issuer of any applicable laws and 
regulations and such representation is deemed to be repeated at all times until the 
termination of the Warrants. 
 
(3) 
Conversion 
If the Bond is convertible bond or exchangeable bond, upon conversion, the Warrant shall 
become Warrant over such underlying security and the Calculation Agent shall adjust the 
terms of such Warrant as it deems appropriate to account for such conversion. The terms 
applicable to Security Warrant shall be applicable to the Bond Warrant in a similar manner 
as the context requires.  
16. 
Adjustments for European Monetary Union 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Warrantholders, on giving notice to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10:  
(i) 
elect that, with effect from the Adjustment Date specified in the notice, certain 
terms of the Warrants shall be redenominated in euro.  
The election will have effect as follows: 
(A) 
where the Settlement Currency of the Warrants is the National Currency 
Unit of a country which is participating in the third stage of European 
Economic and Monetary Union, such Settlement Currency shall be 
deemed to be an amount of euro converted from the original Settlement 
Currency into euro at the Established Rate, subject to such provisions (if 
any) as to rounding as the Issuer may decide, after consultation with the 
Calculation Agent, and as may be specified in the notice, and after the 
Adjustment Date, all payments of the Cash Settlement Amount in respect 
of the Warrants will be made solely in euro as though references in the 
Warrants to the Settlement Currency were to euro; 
(B) 
where the Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these Terms and 
Conditions are expressed in or, in the case of the Exchange Rate, 
contemplate the exchange from or into, the currency (“Original Currency”) 
of a country which is participating in the third stage of European Economic 
and Monetary Union, such Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these 
Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be expressed in or, in the case 
of the Exchange Rate, converted from or, as the case may be into, euro 
at the Established Rate; and 
(C) 
such other changes shall be made to these Terms and Conditions as the 
Issuer may decide, after consultation with the Calculation Agent to 
conform them to conventions then applicable to instruments expressed in 
euro; and/or 
(ii) 
require that the Calculation Agent make such adjustments to the Multiplier and/or 
the Settlement Price and/or the Exercise Price and/or any other terms of these

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
Terms and Conditions and/or the Final Terms as the Calculation Agent, in its sole 
discretion, may determine to be appropriate to account for the effect of the third 
stage of European Economic and Monetary Union on the Multiplier and/or the 
Settlement Price and/or the Exercise Price and/or such other terms of these 
Terms and Conditions.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Warrant 
Agents shall be liable to any Warrantholder or other person for any commissions, costs, 
losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the transfer of euro or any currency 
conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
In this Condition, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Adjustment Date” means a date specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the 
Warrantholders pursuant to this Condition which falls on or after the date on which the 
country of the Original Currency first participates in the third stage of European Economic 
and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty; 
“Established Rate” means the rate for the conversion of the Original Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European 
Community regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union 
pursuant to first sentence of Article 1091(4) of the Treaty; 
“euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty; 
“National Currency Unit” means the unit of the currency of a country, as those units are 
defined on the day before the date on which the country of the Original Currency first 
participates in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union; and 
“Treaty” means the treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
17. 
Additional Representations 
If the Warrants are directly or indirectly linked to China A shares, the Warrants may not be 
offered, sold or delivered, or offered or sold or delivered to any person for reoffering or 
resale or redelivery, in any such case directly or indirectly, in the PRC, or to any Domestic 
Investor as defined in the Administrative Rules of Securities Accounts of China Securities 
Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited. China A shares refer to shares of 
companies incorporated in the PRC, traded on stock exchanges in the PRC and which 
are denominated in renminbi. 
“Domestic Investor” is defined in the Administrative Rules of Securities Accounts of China 
Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited and includes the following: 
(i)  
PRC citizens resident in the PRC (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan); 
(ii)  
PRC citizens resident outside the PRC who are not permanent residents of 
another country or permanent residents of Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan; 
(iii)  
Legal persons registered in the PRC (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan). 
“Legal persons registered in the PRC” excludes foreign entities incorporated or organised 
in other jurisdictions even though they may have an office (i.e. a branch) in the PRC.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
“PRC citizens” used in the rules do not include persons who are permanent residents of 
Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan. 
Each purchaser of the Warrants linked to China A Shares therefore represents to the 
Issuer that: 
(a) 
it is not a Domestic Investor; 
(b) 
it is not owned in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, by one or more Domestic 
Investors; 
(c) 
it will not sell, transfer, assign, novate or otherwise dispose of Warrants linked to 
A shares to any transferee without prior written consent of Macquarie Bank 
Limited; 
(d) 
all amounts paid or to be paid by it under the Warrants do not involve money 
financed by or sourced from any Domestic Investor. 
Each purchaser of the Warrants linked to Taiwan listed shares is deemed to have 
represented, warranted and undertaken to the Issuer upon its purchase of the Warrants 
that (1) it is not purchasing the Warrants for the specific benefit or account of (i) any 
residents of the PRC, corporations in the PRC, or corporations outside the PRC that are 
beneficially owned by residents of the PRC or (ii) any residents of the Republic of China 
("Taiwan"), corporations in Taiwan, or corporations outside Taiwan that are beneficially 
owned by residents of Taiwan; (2) it will not sell, transfer, assign, novate or otherwise 
dispose of the Warrants to or for the specific benefit or account of (i) any residents of the 
PRC, corporations in the PRC, or corporations outside the PRC which are beneficially 
owned by residents of the PRC or (ii) any residents of Taiwan, corporations in Taiwan, or 
corporations outside Taiwan which are beneficially owned by residents of Taiwan; and 
details of the Warrants (including the identity of the Warrantholder) may, (a) upon request 
or order by any competent authority, regulatory or enforcement organization, 
governmental or otherwise, including the stock exchange on which the underlying shares 
are listed, (b) as required by applicable law, rules, regulations, codes or guidelines 
(whether having the force of law or otherwise), be disclosed in accordance with such 
request, order, law, rules, regulations, codes or guidelines (whether such disclosure is to 
be made to third parties or otherwise), and releases a party (and its Affiliates) from the 
duty of confidentiality owed to the other in relation to such information; and (3) it is not (i) 
a shareholder holding directly or indirectly through nominees more than ten percent (10%) 
of the shares issued by, or a director, supervisor or manager of, a Taiwan company the 
shares of which are traded on the Taiwan Stock Exchange or Taipei Exchange which are 
the underlying of the Warrant (“Insider”) or (ii) a person or entity which would be deemed 
to be a “nominee” of an Insider. 
Consequences of misrepresentations 
If any of the representations as set out in the preceding paragraph proves to be incorrect 
or misleading in any material respect when made or repeated or deemed to have been 
made or repeated; or if a Warrantholder fails to comply with or perform any agreement or 
obligation undertaken by it in the above representations, the Issuer may early terminate 
the relevant Warrants at the fair market value less any hedging cost as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
18. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
The Warrants do not confer on a third party any right under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999 (“Act”) to enforce any term of the Warrants but this does not affect any 
right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart from the Act.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
Form of Final Terms 
Final Terms for an issue by Macquarie Bank Limited under the Warrant Programme for the issue 
of Warrants relating to a single Security, a Basket of Securities, a single Index, a Basket of Indices, 
a single Bond or a Basket of Bonds. 
 
FINAL TERMS 
 
Date: [  ] 
Series No.: [  ] 
MACQUARIE BANK LIMITED 
(ABN 46 008 583 542) 
 
[Issue Size] [Call/Put] Warrants  
relating to the [ordinary shares of [Security Issuer]]/ [Index]/ [Bond] 
 
issued pursuant to the Macquarie Bank Limited 
Warrant Programme 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms in relation to the issue of Warrants as described herein. 
Terms used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the base prospectus dated 23 
November 2022 [and the Supplement dated [  ] (together,] the “Prospectus”) issued in relation 
to the programme for the issue of Warrants by Macquarie Bank Limited (the “Programme”). These 
Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus.  
 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 (2) of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus and any supplement, which are 
published in accordance with Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange: www.bourse.lu. In order to get the full information both the 
Prospectus (and any supplement) and these Final Terms must be read in conjunction. A summary 
of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. 
 
 
 
Type 
[American Style / European Style] [Cash Settled 
/ Physical Delivery] [Call / Put] Warrants relating 
to the [ordinary shares of [Security Issuer] / 
[Basket of Securities]] / [Index]/ [Basket of 
Indices]/ [Bond]/ [Basket of Bonds] [with 
coupon] 
 
Issue Size 
[ • ] 
 
Issue Date  
[ • ] 
 
Issue Price per Warrant  
 
[Currency] [Issue Price] 
Exercise Price  
[Currency] [ • ] 
 
Payout of the Warrants 
[For Cash Settled Warrants:

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
Hedge Execution: Applicable/ Not applicable  
Cash Settlement Amount Percentage: [ • ] 
[Calculation Amount: [•] 
 
Calculation Period: From [and including]/[but 
excluding] [•] to [and including]/[but excluding] 
[•] 
 
[Coupon Amount: [•]] 
 
Coupon Payment Date: [•] 
 
Coupon Rate: [ • ] [p.a.]] 
 
Cash Dividend: Applicable/ Not applicable  
[Cash Dividend Percentage: [ • ]]  
[Trade Date: [ • ]] 
[Units: [ • ]] 
[Entitlement: [ • ] ] 
[Multiplier: [ • ] ] 
[Relevant Time: [ • ] ] 
[Exchange Rate: [ • ] ] 
Averaging: Applicable/ Not applicable  
[Averaging Dates: [ • ] ] 
[[Omission] / [Postponement]/ [Modified 
Postponement] applies] 
 
Settlement Currency 
[ • ] 
 
Exercise Date/ expiration date/ Exercise 
Period 
[ • ] 
 
Settlement Date  
[the date determined by the Calculation Agent 
being no later than the fifth Business Day 
following the Valuation Date, or as amended by 
the Calculation Agent from time to time without 
notification, provided that if a Market Disruption 
Event has resulted in a Valuation Date for the 
Securities being adjusted as set out in the 
definition of “Valuation Date” in Condition 3, the 
Settlement Date shall be the fifth Business Day 
next following the last occurring Valuation Date 
in relation to the Securities.]/ [ • ] 
 
Underlying/ Relevant Asset 
[Security / Index/ Basket of Securities/ Basket 
of Indices/ Bond/ Basket of Bonds]

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
[name(s) of the issuer of the Security or Basket 
of Securities/ Bond or Basket of Bonds] 
 
[ISIN of the underlying] 
 
[the relevant weighting of each security within a 
basket of securities and where pricing 
information is available] [Where the underlying is 
an index need to include the name of the index, 
the name of the index sponsor and details of 
where the information about the index can be 
obtained, where the underlying is a basket if 
indices, information relating to the relevant 
weightings of each index in the basket]  
 
[Where the underlying is an index, include: 
[specify benchmark(s)] [is/are] provided by 
[insert administrator(s) legal name(s)] [repeat as 
necessary]. [As at the date of these Final Terms, 
[insert administrator(s) legal name(s)] 
[appear[s]]/[[does]/[do] not appear] [repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation. [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
[[insert benchmark(s)] [does/do] not fall within 
the scope of the Benchmark Regulation by 
virtue of Article 2 of that Regulation] [repeat as 
necessary] OR [the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply], 
such that [insert administrator(s) legal name(s)] 
[is/are] not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence). [repeat as 
necessary].]] 
 
[China Connect Service terms are applicable.] 
 
Put/Call Options 
[Issuer Call: Applicable / Not Applicable 
 
(i) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Warrant: [[ ] per Calculation Amount] /[ An 
amount calculated by the Issuer as the Cash 
Settlement Amount payable by the Issuer as if 
the Optional Redemption Date were the 
Valuation Date.] 
 
(ii) If redeemable in part:  
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: [ ]/[Not 
applicable because redeemable in full only]

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: [ ]/ [Not 
applicable because redeemable in full only] 
 
(iii) Notice period:  
Minimum period: []  
Maximum period: []  
 
(iv) Optional Redemption Period: [ ] 
 
(v) Optional Redemption Settlement Date: [ ] 
 
 
[Investor Put: Applicable / Not Applicable 
 
(i) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Warrant: [[ ] per Calculation Amount] /[ An 
amount calculated by the Issuer as the Cash 
Settlement Amount payable by the Issuer as if 
the Optional Redemption Date were the 
Valuation Date.] 
 
(ii) If redeemable in part:  
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: [ ]/[Not 
applicable because redeemable in full only] 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: [ ]/ [Not 
applicable because redeemable in full only] 
 
(iii) Notice period:  
Minimum period: []  
Maximum period: []  
 
(iv) Optional Redemption Period: [ ] 
 
(v) Optional Redemption Settlement Date: [ ] 
 
Limitation on rights 
 
Maximum Exercise Number: [ • ] 
Minimum Exercise Number: [ • ] 
 
Euroclear and Clearstream name and 
address 
[Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 1 Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Luxembourg] 
 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg] 
 
Net proceeds 
[ • ] 
Expenses and taxes 
[ • ] 
 
Interest of natural and legal persons 
involved in the issue 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Warrants has an 
interest material to the offer.]/ [ • ] 
 
Third party information 
[Not Applicable / The information included in 
these Final Terms under “Additional provisions

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
relating to the underlying” (the “Underlying 
Information”) consists of extracts from or 
summaries of information that is publicly 
available free of charge on [source] in respect of 
the Underlying and is not necessarily the latest 
information available. The Issuer accepts 
responsibility for accurately extracting and 
summarising the Underlying Information. As far 
as the Issuer is aware, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. No further 
or other responsibility (express or implied) in 
respect of the Underlying Information is 
accepted by the Issuer.] 
 
Listing and admission to trading 
[Not Applicable] / [Application [has been] [will 
be] made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Warrants to be admitted to trading on the 
professional segment of the regulated market of 
and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange to which only Qualified 
Investors can have access for the purposes of 
trading in such securities][with effect from, at 
the earliest the Issue Date.]   
 
[In the case of a further issue, include: The 
existing Warrants are [unlisted]/ [listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange]] 
 
Placing and Underwriting 
[Not applicable] / [name and address of the 
coordinators, placers, paying agents, depository 
agents in each country, entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment or 
under “best efforts” agreements whether 
partially or not, and date of underwriting 
agreement] 
 
Yield to final maturity  
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
 
Representation of debt security holders 
including an identification of the 
organization representing the investors 
and provisions applying to such 
representation. Indication of where the 
public may have access to the contracts 
relation to these forms of representation 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
ISIN 
[ • ] 
 
Common Code 
 
[ • ] 
Information about the past and the further 
performance of the underlying and its 
volatility can be obtained from  
[ • ]

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
Additional provisions relating to the 
underlying 
 
[Country of Incorporation: [ • ]] 
[Place of Listing: 
[ • ]] 
[Date of Listing: 
[ • ]] 
[Par Value: 
[ • ]] 
[Financial information: [ • ]] 
[Dividend information: [ • ]] 
[Historical price/level information: [ • ]]

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
Macquarie Bank Limited  
Information about Macquarie Bank Limited  
Macquarie Bank Limited (ABN 46 008 583 542) is registered as an Australian public company 
with ASIC. It is listed in the Australian Business Register and is headquartered in Sydney.  
MBL’s registered office and principal place of business is Level 6, 50 Martin Place, Sydney, New 
South Wales, 2000, Australia. The telephone number of its principal place of business is +612-
8232-3333.   
Legal identifier (LEI) of Macquarie Bank is 4ZHCHI4KYZG2WVRT8631. The website of Macquarie 
Bank is www.macquarie.com. This website and any other websites referenced in this Base 
Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Macquarie Bank is a public company constituted with limited liability under the laws of the 
Commonwealth of Australia. It is regulated by APRA as an ADI in Australia and by the Financial 
Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom as to banking business with Professional and Eligible 
Counterparties.  
MBL, the predecessor of MGL, has its origins as the merchant bank Hill Samuel Australia Limited, 
created in 1969 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Hill Samuel & Co Limited, London. MBL was 
incorporated on 26 April 1983 under the Companies Act 1981. MBL obtained an Australian 
banking license as MBL in 1985 and in 1996, MBL was publicly listed on the ASX.  
MBL’s ordinary shares were listed on the ASX from 29 July 1996 until the corporate restructuring 
of the Macquarie Group in November 2007. Prior to the restructure, MBL was a widely held ASX-
listed public company and engaged in certain investment banking activities through Macquarie 
Capital. On 19 November 2007, when the restructure was completed, MBL became an indirect 
wholly owned subsidiary of MGL, a new ASX-listed company, and the Group transferred to the 
Non-Banking Group most of the assets and businesses of Macquarie Capital, and some less 
financially significant assets and businesses of the former Equity Markets group (now part of 
Commodities & Global Markets) and Treasury & Commodities (now part of Commodities & Global 
Markets). Although MBL’s ordinary shares are no longer listed on the ASX, certain debt securities 
continue to be listed on the ASX and, accordingly, MBL remains subject to the disclosure and 
other requirements of the ASX as they apply to companies with debt securities listed on the ASX. 
At 30 September 2022 Macquarie Bank Group employed over 14,600 people and had total 
assets of A$433.1 billion, a Harmonised Basel III Tier 1 capital ratio of 17.9%, a Harmonised Basel 
III Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 15.9% and total equity of A$20.7 billion. For the half year ending 
30 September 2022, Macquarie Bank Group’s net operating income was A$5.1 billion and profit 
attributable to ordinary equity holders was A$1.3 billion. 
As an Australian company, MBL has the legal capacity and powers of an individual both in and 
outside Australia. 
Organisational Structure 
The Macquarie Bank Group comprises two operating groups: Banking & Financial Services and 
Commodities & Global Markets. Certain assets of the Credit Markets business and certain 
activities of the Commodity Markets and Finance business, and some other less financially 
significant activities are undertaken from within the Non-Banking Group.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
The Macquarie Bank Group currently provides services to both the Macquarie Bank Group and 
the Non-Banking Group through the Corporate segment.  The Corporate segment is not 
considered an operating group and includes the following Central Service Groups: Corporate 
Operations Group, Financial Management Group, Risk Management Group, Legal and 
Governance Group and Central Executive. Services from these Central Service Groups include: 
risk management, finance, technology, operations, group treasury, human resources, workplace, 
legal and corporate governance, corporate affairs, taxation services, strategy, operational risk 
management, data and transformation, resilience and global security, central executive services, 
and other services as may be agreed from time to time.  
 
Macquarie Bank Group will continue to monitor and review the appropriateness of the Macquarie 
Group structure.  From time to time, the optimal allocation of its businesses between the 
Macquarie Bank Group and the Non-Banking Group and within the Macquarie Bank Group and 
the Non-Banking Group may be adjusted and it may make changes in light of relevant factors 
including business growth, regulatory considerations, market developments and counterparty 
considerations. 
 
Business Group Overview 
Banking and Financial Services 
Banking & Financial Services is in the Banking Group and comprises MBL’s retail banking and 
financial services businesses, providing a diverse range of personal banking, wealth management  
and business banking products and services to retail clients, advisers, brokers and business 
clients. Banking & Financial Services does not operate in the United Kingdom or European Union. 
Commodities & Global Markets (excluding certain assets of the Credit Markets business and 
certain activities of the Commodity Markets and Finance business, and some other less financially 
significant activities) 
Commodities and Global Markets is a global business offering capital and financing, risk 
management, market access, physical execution and logistics solutions to its diverse client base 
across Commodities, Financial Markets and Asset Finance. 
 
Indication of any Significant New Products and/or Activities 
Any indication of significant new products and/or activities (if any) is described in Note 3 of 
Macquarie Bank's 2023 Interim Report (on page 31) for the half-year ended 30 September 2022. 
Trend Information 
Except as may be described in this Base Prospectus (including as set out under “Risk Factors” 
on pages 15 to 40 inclusive of this Base Prospectus) or released to the ASX in compliance with 
the continuous disclosure requirements of the Listing Rules of the ASX, there are no known 
trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that have had a material adverse change 
on Macquarie Bank's prospects since the financial year ended 31 March 2022. 
Profit Estimate 
Macquarie Bank does not make profit forecasts or estimates.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Major Shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Macquarie B.H. Pty Limited (ABN 86 124 071 432) is the 
sole ordinary shareholder of Macquarie Bank4.  Macquarie B.H. Pty Limited is wholly-owned by 
MGL.  
As of 30 September 2022, Macquarie Bank had 696,603,664 fully paid ordinary shares on issue 
and the share capital of A$9,887,441,789.59. 
A majority of the Macquarie Bank board of directors are independent directors. The Managing 
Director and Chief Executive Officer of Macquarie Bank is also a voting director of Macquarie 
Bank. The role of the Macquarie Bank Board is to promote the long-term interests of the Bank, 
taking into account the obligations it must discharge as an authorised deposit-taking institution.  
Lawsuits and Contingent liabilities 
Macquarie Bank is an indirect subsidiary of MGL. Macquarie Group is a large diversified 
Australian-based financial institution with a long and successful history. Like any financial 
institution, Macquarie Group is subject to lawsuits from time to time. Where appropriate, a 
provision is made or contingent liability recognised in respect of any such claims. 
There are no other, nor have there been, any other governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any proceedings which are pending or threatened of which Macquarie Bank or the 
Macquarie Group is aware) in the 12 month period prior to the date of this document which may 
have or have had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of Macquarie Bank. 
Germany 
Macquarie Bank was one of over 100 financial institutions involved in the German dividend trading 
market. Macquarie Bank’s historical involvement in that market included short selling-related 
activities and acting as a lender to third parties who undertook dividend trading.  
4 As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Macquarie Bank Limited has more than 200 subsidiaries. The three subsidiaries included
in the chart above are direct subsidiaries of MBL which are either identified on the basis of their ongoing contribution to the 
external assets and operating profit of MBL and its subsidiaries or they are the major employing entities, entities that are 
key providers of funding to other subsidiaries and other operating entities considered key for each operating group and 
region. 
Macquarie Group Limited 
Macquarie B.H. Pty Limited 
Macquarie Bank Limited 
100% 
100% 
Macquarie Group 
Services Australia 
Pty Limited 
Macquarie 
International Finance 
Limited 
Macquarie Bank Europe 
Designated Activity 
Company 
100%

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
The Cologne Prosecutor’s Office is investigating Macquarie Bank’s historical activities. As part of 
their ongoing industry-wide investigation, the German authorities have designated as suspects 
approximately 100 current and former Macquarie Group staff members, including the current 
Macquarie Group CEO. Most of these individuals are no longer at the Macquarie Group. 
Macquarie Group will continue to respond to the German authorities’ requests for information 
about its historical activities. Macquarie Group notes that it has already resolved its two other 
matters involving German dividend trading that took place between 2006 and 2009, where the 
authorities noted the Macquarie Group’s “unreserved cooperation”. 
Since 2018, a number of German civil claims have been brought against Macquarie Bank by 
investors in a group of independent investment funds financed by Macquarie Bank to undertake 
German dividend trading in 2011, who seek total damages of approximately €59 million. The 
funds were trading shares around the dividend payment dates where investors were seeking to 
obtain the benefit of dividend withholding tax credits. The investors’ credit claims were refused 
and there was no loss to the German revenue authority. Macquarie Bank strongly disputes these 
claims noting that it did not arrange, advise or otherwise engage with the investors, who were 
high net-worth individuals with their own advisers. Many, if not all, had previously participated in 
similar transactions. 
The total amount at issue is not considered to be material and Macquarie Group has provided for 
the matter.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
Regulatory oversight and recent developments 
Australia 
In Australia, the principal regulators that supervise and regulate the Macquarie Group's activities 
are APRA, the RBA, ASIC, the ASX, the Australian Securities Exchange Limited (as the operator 
of the ASX24 (formerly known as the Sydney Futures Exchange) market), the ACCC and the 
Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre (“AUSTRAC”).  
APRA 
APRA is the prudential regulator of the Australian financial services industry.  APRA establishes 
and enforces prudential standards and practices designed to ensure that, under all reasonable 
circumstances, financial promises made by institutions under APRA’s supervision are met within 
a stable, efficient and competitive financial system.  Macquarie Bank is an ADI, and MGL is a non-
operating holding company ("NOHC"), under the Banking Act and, as such, each is subject to 
prudential regulation and supervision by APRA. 
The Banking Act confers wide powers on APRA which are to be exercised ultimately for the 
protection of depositors of ADIs in Australia and for the promotion of financial system stability in 
Australia. In particular, APRA has power under the Banking Act (i) to investigate Macquarie Bank’s 
affairs and/or issue a direction to it (such a direction to comply with a prudential requirement, to 
conduct an audit, to remove a director or senior manager, to ensure a director or senior manager 
does not take part in the management or conduct of the business, to appoint a person as a 
director or senior manager, not to undertake any financial obligation on behalf of any other person 
among other things), and (ii) if Macquarie Bank becomes unable to meet its obligations or 
suspends payment (and in certain other limited circumstances), to appoint an “ADI statutory 
manager” to take control of Macquarie Bank’s business. 
In its supervision of Macquarie Bank and other ADIs, APRA focuses on capital adequacy, liquidity, 
market risk, credit risk, operational risk, associations with related entities, large exposures to 
unrelated entities, funds management, securitisation, covered bonds activities and climate 
change financial risk. APRA also focuses on the supervision of non-financial risks including 
outsourcing, business continuity management, information security, governance, accountability, 
remuneration and risk culture.  
APRA requires ADIs to regularly provide it with reports which set forth a broad range of 
information, including financial and statistical information relating to their financial position and 
information in respect of prudential and other matters.   
In exercising its powers, APRA works closely with the RBA.  The RBA is Australia’s central bank 
and an active participant in the financial markets.  It also manages Australia’s foreign reserves, 
issues Australian currency notes, serves as a banker to the Australian government and, through 
the Payment Systems Board, supervises the payment system and sets the target cash rate. 
ASIC is Australia’s corporate, markets and financial services regulator, which regulates Australian 
companies, financial markets, financial services organisations and professionals who deal and 
advise in investments, superannuation, insurance, deposit taking and credit. ASIC is also 
responsible for consumer protection, monitoring and promoting market integrity and licensing in 
relation to the Australian financial system.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
ASX is Australia’s primary securities market and MGL's ordinary shares are listed on ASX.  MBL 
and MGL each have a contractual obligation to comply with ASX’s listing rules, which have the 
statutory backing of the Corporations Act.  
The ACCC is Australia’s competition regulator. Its key responsibilities include ensuring that 
corporations do not act in a way that may have the effect of eliminating or reducing competition 
and pricing practices, and to oversee product safety and liability issues, pricing practices and 
third-party access to facilities of national significance. The ACCC’s consumer protection activities 
complement those of Australia’s state and territory consumer affairs agencies that administer the 
unfair trading legislation of those jurisdictions. 
AUSTRAC is Australia’s anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing regulator and 
specialist financial intelligence unit. It works collaboratively with Australian industries and 
businesses (including certain entities of the Macquarie Bank Group) in their compliance with anti-
money laundering and counter-terrorism financing legislation.  As Australia’s financial intelligence 
unit, AUSTRAC contributes to investigative and law enforcement work to combat financial crime, 
and to prosecute criminals in Australia and overseas. 
Revenue authorities undertake risk reviews and audits as part of their normal activities. Macquarie 
Bank has assessed those matters which have been identified in such reviews and audits as well 
as other taxation claims and litigation, including seeking advice where appropriate, and considers 
that Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group currently hold appropriate provisions. 
Outside Australia, some of the Macquarie Bank Group’s key regulators include the United States 
Securities Exchange Commission (“SEC”), the United States Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (“CFTC”), the United States Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, the United 
Kingdom’s FCA and Prudential Regulation Authority, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority and the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
In addition to the foregoing, certain businesses and assets owned or managed by the Macquarie 
Bank Group in international jurisdictions are subject to additional laws, regulations and oversight 
that are specific to the industries applicable to those businesses and assets. 
As with other financial services providers, Macquarie Bank continues to face increased 
supervision and regulation in most of the jurisdictions in which it operates, particularly in the areas 
of funding, liquidity, capital adequacy and prudential regulation. 
MBL Pillar 3 Restatement March 2018 to June 2021 
As indicated by APRA’s 1 April 2021 announcement in relation to MGL’s intragroup funding 
arrangements, Macquarie Bank was required to restate certain historical regulatory returns. This 
included Macquarie Bank’s Level 1 capital ratios (Common Equity Tier 1, Tier 1 and Total capital) 
from 31 March 2018, as well as Macquarie Bank’s liquidity ratios from 30 September 2019, which 
are set out in a restatement of Macquarie Bank’s Pillar 3 disclosures, which is posted on 
Macquarie Bank’s U.S. Investors’ Website. 
APRA’s prudential supervision – Capital adequacy 
APRA’s approach to the assessment of an ADI’s capital adequacy and liquidity risk management 
is based on the risk-based capital adequacy framework set out in the Basel Committee on 
Banking Supervision’s (“Basel Committee”) publications, “International Convergence of Capital 
Measurement and Capital Standards a Revised Framework” (“Basel II”), originally released in 2004 
and revised in June 2006 and “A global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
systems” (“Basel III”), released in December 2010 and revised in June 2011. APRA’s 
implementation of the Basel III capital framework began on 1 January 2013. 
APRA has stipulated a capital adequacy framework that applies to MBL as an ADI and MGL as 
a NOHC. In the case of Macquarie Group, this framework is set out in MGL’s NOHC authority. 
Pillar 3 Disclosure Documents setting out the qualitative and quantitative disclosures of risk 
management practices and capital adequacy required to be published by Macquarie Group in 
accordance with APRA’s Prudential Standard APS 330 Public Disclosure (“APS 330”) are posted 
on the MBL’s U.S. Investors’ Website. Measurement of capital adequacy and MBL’s economic 
capital model is more fully described in section 4 of the MBL Pillar 3 Disclosure Document dated 
March 2022, which is posted on MBL’s U.S. Investors’ Website. 
On 6 July 2022, APRA launched a consultation relating to its proposal to update bank prudential 
disclosures to align with international standards and the new bank capital framework.  
As part of the proposed revisions to APS 330 Public Disclosure, APRA is seeking to introduce a 
centralised publication of key prudential risk metrics to facilitate the comparison and analysis of 
the capital positions and risk profiles of local banks. The consultation period closed on 7 October 
2022.  
APRA is proposing to have the new standard finalised by late 2022, allowing 12 months for ADI’s 
to implement before the effective date of 1 January 2024. 
Market risk  
On 14 January 2019, the Basel Committee published a set of revisions to the market risk 
framework, which replaces an earlier version of the standard as published in January 2016. The 
standard was revised to address issues that the Basel Committee identified in the course of 
monitoring the implementation and impact of the framework. Additionally, as part of Basel III 
reforms, APRA released a letter to all ADIs on October 27, 2021 around the review of ADI market 
risk standards. The policy development of these prudential standards is yet to be finalized with 
consultations still ongoing. Proposed revisions cover APS 117 Capital Adequacy: Interest Rate 
Risk in the Banking Book (“APS 117”), APS 116 Capital Adequacy: Market Risk – the fundamental 
review of the trading book (“APS 116”) and APS 180 Capital Adequacy: Counterparty Credit Risk 
(“APS 180”). 
For APS 117, APRA’s focus is to reduce volatility and variation in interest rate risk in the banking 
book capital charge calculations across ADIs. Key amendments include the removal of the basis 
risk capital add-on and partial standardization of the internal modelling approach (e.g., utilizing 
repricing assumption constraints on non-maturity deposits). 
The expected changes to APS 116 and APS 180 will address the implementation of a revised 
Credit Valuation Adjustment risk framework and a fundamental review of the trading book in the 
Australian Prudential Capital framework. 
On 7 July 2022, APRA advised it will undertake another round of industry consultation on the 
revised APS 117. This will delay the release of the final standard to 2023. APRA will also allow 
more implementation time for the industry by pushing out the effective date for the revised APS 
117. APRA also noted that delaying the revised APS 117 may also delay the implementation of 
APS 116 which is currently set for 1 January 2025.IRRBB

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
In September 2019, APRA issued a response to submissions in respect of interest rate risk in the 
banking book (“IRRBB”). While only IRB (Internal Ratings Based) ADIs (including Macquarie Bank) 
are subject to a capital requirement for IRRBB and therefore will be impacted by changes to the 
capital calculation, all ADIs will be impacted by changes to the risk management requirements.  
 
The key proposals are to: 
• 
standardise aspects of the internal modelling approach including placing constraints on the 
repricing assumptions an ADI can use for non-maturity deposits according to whether or not 
it is a core deposit and the calculations for optionality risk;  
• 
remove the basis risk capital add-on; and  
• 
extend the application of risk management requirements to all ADIs.  
Measurement of capital 
APRA, in updating its criteria for measuring an ADI’s regulatory capital, released a discussion 
paper on 15 October 2019 regarding proposed changes to APS 111, “Revisions to APS 111 
Capital Adequacy: Measurement of Capital”, and released a detailed response to industry on this 
consultation in May 2021. On 5 August 2021, APRA released the final revised standard for APS 
111, which came into force on 1 January 2022. 
The revised capital treatment of ADIs’ equity investments in their subsidiaries is the most material 
change to APS 111. This revision increases the amount of capital required to support equity 
investments in large subsidiaries and reduce the amount required for small subsidiaries. For 
banking and insurance subsidiaries where the total value of the equity investment into an individual 
subsidiary is above 10% of an ADI’s Level 1 CET1 capital, the amount above this level is required 
to be treated as a CET1 deduction. The amount of the investment below this level is risk weighted 
at 250% (compared to the current 400% risk weight for unlisted subsidiaries).  
Other changes included in the final APS 111 include: 
• 
incorporating into the prudential standard various rulings and technical information APRA 
has published since APS 111 was last substantially updated in 2013; 
• 
promoting simple and transparent capital issuance by removing the allowance for the use of 
special purpose vehicles (SPVs) and stapled security structures;  
• 
aligning APS 111 with updated guidance from Basel Committee on Banking Supervision; 
and 
• 
requiring a full deduction of total loss absorbing capital ("TLAC") exposures and pari passu 
instruments from Tier 2 Capital. A full deduction is consistent with APRA’s existing approach 
to an ADI’s holdings of another ADI’s, or their own, regulatory capital instruments. APRA’s 
proposal adopted the Basel Committee’s framework of requiring a Tier 2 Capital deduction 
of TLAC instruments but did not adopt a threshold approach. 
The final standard also contains further revisions including measures to clarify that CET1 capital 
instruments are not permitted to have any unusual features that could undermine their role as 
loss absorbing capital. 
 
“Unquestionably Strong”

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
Following the Basel Committee’s Basel III announcement on 7 December 2017 (“Basel III: 
Finalising post-crisis reforms”), on 14 February 2018, APRA published two discussion papers on 
proposed changes to the ADI capital framework for Australian ADIsto incorporate both the 
Committee’s standards and to deliver “Unquestionably Strong” capital ratios, fulfilling a 
recommendation from the 2014 Financial System Inquiry (FSI). Draft standards for APS 112, part 
of APS 113 and APS 115 were published for consultation on 12 June 2019. On 11 December 
2019, APRA released the final standard for the calculation of operational risk, APS 115 with the 
current Advanced Measurement Approach to be replaced with the Standardised Measurement 
Approach, excluding the loss component.  
On 29 November 2021, APRA finalised its new bank capital framework, designed to embed 
“Unquestionably Strong” levels of capital and released the final capital adequacy and credit risk 
capital requirements for ADIs, contained in APS 110, APS 112, and APS 113. As Australian ADIs 
already meet the “Unquestionably Strong” benchmark, the new framework does not require ADIs 
to raise additional capital. Instead, it strengthens financial resilience by: 
• 
ensuring existing high levels of capital adequacy are maintained; 
• 
providing more flexibility and responsiveness to risks in the operating environment; 
• 
having a more risk sensitive capital framework, through increasing capital requirements 
for higher risk lending and decreasing it for lower risks; and 
• 
improving the comparability of bank capital ratios, both domestically and with global 
peers. 
Based on current information available, the estimated pro forma impact on MGL’s capital surplus 
above regulatory minimums as at 31 March 2022 is a reduction of approximately A$2.3 billion, 
largely on account of the increases to regulatory capital buffers. MGL’s capital surplus has 
included a provision for these regulatory changes for some time. 
On July 26, 2022, APRA published “Revisions to the capital framework for authorised deposit-
taking institutions” to implement “Unquestionably Strong” capital ratios and Basel III reforms. 
The revised capital framework seeks to strengthen the financial resilience of the Australian banking 
industry through embedding higher capital buffers to provide greater flexibility for periods of 
stress. Other key improvements include enhanced risk sensitivity through more risk-sensitive risk 
weights, stronger support for competition, increased proportionality and improved transparency 
through the alignment of Australian standards with the internationally agreed Basel III framework. 
Key features of the “Unquestionably Strong” capital framework, which will be effective on 
January 1, 2023, include the following prudential standards: 
• 
APS 110 Capital Adequacy – increases regulatory capital buffers through increases in the 
capital conservation buffer for ADIs using the internal ratings-based (“IRB”) approach 
and a higher default setting in calculating the countercyclical capital buffer; requires IRB 
ADIs to maintain a minimum leverage ratio of 3.5%; and requires that IRB ADIs calculate 
and disclose risk weighted assets under the standardized approach, with anewly 
introduced capital floor at 72.5% of standardized risk weighted assets. 
• 
APS 112 Capital Adequacy: Standardised Approach to Credit Risk – among other 
changes, APRA proposes amending mortgage risk weights to differentiate between 
owner-occupied, principal-and-interest mortgages as compared to other mortgages, 
apply more granular risk weightings for small- and medium-sized enterprise exposures

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
and recognize that collateral (motor vehicles, commercial property and plant, equipment 
and machinery) may mitigate losses in default. 
• 
APS 113 Capital Adequacy: Internal Ratings-based Approach to Credit Risk – amends 
the treatment of residential mortgages, including to more narrowly define the scope of 
residential mortgages and to simplify the method for calculating capital requirements for 
residential mortgages. 
• 
APS 115 Capital Adequacy: Standardised Measurement Approach to Operational Risk – 
includes revisions to replace the Advanced Measurement Approach and reflect the 
requirements of the Standardised Measurement Approach, excluding the loss 
component. 
On October 31, 2022, APRA released consequential amendments to the updated capital 
adequacy and credit risk capital requirements for ADIs. The consequential amendments relate 
mainly to cross-referencing in the ADI prudential framework and ensure consistency of APRA’s 
broader prudential framework with the capital reforms. The changes will take effect from January 
1, 2023, in line with the effective date of the broader capital reforms.    
Liquidity 
APRA’s liquidity standard (APS 210) details the local implementation of the Basel III liquidity 
framework for Australian banks. In addition to a range of qualitative requirements, APS 210 
incorporates the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) and the Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”). 
The LCR and NSFR apply specifically to MBL (the regulated ADI in the Macquarie Group). As an 
APRA authorised and regulated NOHC, MGL is required to manage liquidity in compliance with 
APS 210’s qualitative requirements. The LCR requires unencumbered liquid assets be held to 
cover expected net cash outflows under a combined “idiosyncratic” and market-wide stress 
scenario lasting 30 calendar days.  
Under APS 210, liquid assets include cash, balances held with central banks, Australian dollar 
Commonwealth Government and semi-government securities, any allocation under the RBA’s 
Committed Liquidity Facility ("CLF"), as well as foreign currency High Quality Liquid Assets 
("HQLA") securities. As announced on 1 April 2021, APRA imposed a 15% add-on to the net 
cash outflow component of MBL’s LCR calculation. This add-on increased to 25% from 1 May 
2022 onwards. On September 10, 2021, APRA wrote to all ADIs advising that no ADI should rely 
on the CLF to meet their minimum 100% LCR requirements from the beginning of 2022 and that 
ADIs should reduce their usage of the CLF to zero by the end of 2022, subject to financial market 
conditions. MBL is managing the CLF removal in accordance with APRA’s requirement. MBL 
currently complies with the requirements of the LCR. 
The NSFR is a 12-month structural funding metric, requiring that “available stable funding” be 
sufficient to cover “required stable funding”, where “stable” funding has an actual or assumed 
maturity of greater than 12 months. As announced on 1 April 2021, APRA has imposed a 1% 
decrease to the available stable funding component of MBL’s NSFR calculation. MBL currently 
complies with the requirements of the NSFR. MBL currently complies with the requirements of 
the LCR and NSFR. 
On June 30 2022, APRA released an information paper detailing the findings of the post-
implementation review of Basel III liquidity reforms focusing on the core measures of the LCR and 
NSFR. The review explores the impact of the measures and determines whether a net benefit has 
been achieved. APRA’s overall assessment is that the reforms have been effective in 
strengthening liquidity risk management and the financial resilience of the banking system.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
However, there are opportunities to improve the efficiency of the prudential framework. The 
feedback gained will be used in a broader review of APRA’s liquidity requirements, which will 
culminate in a draft revision to APS 210 in 2023.  
Credit risk management 
On 1 January 2022, APRA Prudential Standard APS 220 Credit Risk Management (“APS 220”) 
replaced the existing APS 220 Credit Quality. The substantial revisions to the prudential standard 
reflect APRA’s increased expectations of credit standards and the ongoing monitoring and 
management of credit portfolios by ADIs. In addition, the revised standard incorporates:  
• 
enhanced Board oversight of credit risk and the need for ADIs to maintain prudential credit 
risk policies, processes, practices and controls over the full credit life-cycle; 
• 
a more consistent classification of credit exposures, by aligning with accounting standards 
on loan provisioning requirements, as well as Basel Committee guidance on asset 
classification and sound credit risk practices; and 
• 
recommendations from the Royal Commission into Misconduct in the Banking, 
Superannuation and Financial Services Industry regarding the valuation of collateral. 
APRA also released a finalised APG 220 guidance standard on 19 August 2021.  
APRA has sought feedback on a proposed new attachment to APS 220, Attachment C – 
Macroprudential policy: credit measures, which embeds credit-based macroprudential standards within 
APS 220. On 14 June 2022, APRA released the finalised amendments to its prudential framework 
to give effect to macroprudential policy measures. The final new APS 220, Attachment C – 
Macroprudential Policy, requires ADIs to: 
• 
be able to limit growth in particular forms of lending (high debt-to-income multiples and 
high loan to value ration); 
• 
moderate higher risk lending during periods of heightened systemic risk or meet particular 
lending standards at levels determined by APRA; and  
• 
ensure adequate reporting to monitor against limits. 
To ensure alignment with Attachment C to APS 220, APRA updated APG 223 Residential 
Mortgage Lending to align with the new serviceability buffer and associated ARS 223 Residential 
Mortgage Lending. The new APS 220, APG 223 and ARS 223 all took effect from 1 September, 
2022. 
 
Financial Contingency Planning and Resolution Planning 
As part of strengthening crisis preparedness and resolution capabilities, APRA commenced 
consultation on two draft prudential standards, CPS 190 Financial Contingency Planning (“CPS 
190”) and CPS 900 Resolution Planning (“CPS 900”) on 2 December 2021. APRA’s proposed 
new requirements aim to ensure that regulated entities are better prepared for situations that may 
threaten their viability. The consultation period closed on 29 April 2022. APRA is in the process 
of finalising the standards, with the final version of CPS 190 expected later in 2022 and the final 
version of CPS 900 in the first half of 2023.  Both prudential standards are expected to come into 
effect from the beginning of 2024.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
On September 6, 2022, APRA released for consultation two draft prudential practice guides (CPG 
190 Financial Contingency Planning and CPG 900 Resolution Planning) to accompany the two 
draft prudential standards. After a three-month consultation period, the prudential practice guides 
are expected to be finalised in the first half of 2023. 
 APRA is in discussions with Macquarie on resolution planning.  
APRA’s proposal for increasing the loss-absorbing capacity of ADIs for resolution purposes  
On 8 November 2018, APRA released a discussion paper announcing proposed changes to the 
application of the capital adequacy framework for ADIs to support orderly resolution in the event 
of failure. The announcement follows the Australian government’s 2014 Financial System Inquiry 
which recommended that APRA implement a framework for minimum loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity in line with emerging international practice. 
The key elements of the proposed approach from this original discussion paper included:  
• 
a new requirement for ADIs to maintain additional loss absorbency for resolution 
purposes. The requirement would be implemented by adjusting the amount of total capital 
that ADIs must maintain (estimated to be an additional 4 to 5% of capital), therefore using 
existing capital instruments rather than introducing new forms of loss-absorbing 
instruments (expected to be in the form of Tier 2 Capital); and 
• 
for ADIs that are not domestic systemically important banks (“D-SIBs”) (such as MBL), the 
need for additional loss absorbency would be considered as part of resolution planning 
on an institution-by-institution basis.  
During the consultation period of the proposed changes, concerns were raised about whether 
there would be sufficient capacity in debt markets to absorb the anticipated additional Tier 2 
capital issuance. As a result, APRA announced on 9 July 2019 that there would be an interim 
requirement for D-SIBs to lift Total Capital by a revised threshold of 3% of risk weighted assets 
by 1 January 2024. On 2 December 2021, APRA released a letter finalising loss-absorbing 
capacity ("LAC") requirements for D-SIBs to increase Total Capital by 4.5% of risk weighted 
assets, which applies from 1 January 2026. APRA has confirmed that MBL will be subject to the 
same requirement. 
Associations with Related Entities  
In August 2019, APRA finalised revisions to Prudential Standard APS 222 – Associations with 
Related Entities aimed at mitigating contagion risk within banking groups. The standard 
incorporates: 
• 
a broader definition of related entities that includes substantial shareholders, related 
individuals (including senior managers of the ADI and individuals on the board of directors) 
and their relatives; 
• 
removes the eligibility of an ADI’s overseas subsidiaries to be regulated under APRA’s 
extended licensed entity ("ELE") framework; 
• 
revised limits on the extent to which ADIs can be exposed to related entities; 
• 
minimum requirements for ADIs to assess contagion risk; and

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
• 
requirements for ADIs to regularly assess and report on their exposure to step-in risk, 
which is the likelihood that they may need to “step-in” to support an entity to which they 
are not directly related.  
APRA had initially intended for the finalised framework to apply from 1 January 2021. However, 
on 16 April 2020, APRA revised the commencement date for the updated APS 222 and 
associated reporting forms to 1 January 2022. 
In November 2021, APRA confirmed it would grant MBL a 12-month transition to 1 January 2023, 
in respect of a number of new APS 222 requirements. The Macquarie Bank Group undertook 
restructuring of certain existing business activities and legal entities as a result of the new 
requirements, with no material impact on results. MBL has been compliant with relevant new APS 
222 requirements applicable to it since 1 January 2022. 
Remuneration 
On 27 August 2021, APRA released a finalised cross-industry Prudential Standard CPS 511 
Remuneration ("CPS 511") which comes into effect for the Macquarie Bank Group on 1 January 
2023. The new standard requires boards to maintain a remuneration framework that promotes 
effective risk management of both financial and non-financial risks including variable downward-
adjustment tools and deferral periods to address poor risk and conduct outcomes.  
On 18 October 2021, APRA released the finalised cross-industry Prudential Guidance CPG 511 
Remuneration ("CPG 511") to support CPS 511 and assist entities in meeting the new 
requirements under CPS 511 which is aligned with the Australian government’s proposed 
Financial Accountability Regime. On 13 December 2021, the Macquarie Bank Group submitted 
a self-assessment of its current remuneration framework against the new requirements and 
submitted a final board-approved Implementation Plan to APRA. 
On 6 July 2022, APRA released for consultation the following proposals to support CPS 511, 
which would require institutions to disclose:  
• 
their remuneration arrangements, and how risk is factored into the remuneration 
outcomes for key executives; and 
• 
how they have placed material weight on non-financial metrics and remuneration 
outcomes for the chief executive officer and other key executives. 
APRA is also proposing to publish centralised statistics to provide greater comparability of 
remuneration outcomes and to have the new standard finalised by the end of the year, allowing 
12 months for ADI’s to implement before the effective date of 1 January 2024. The consultation 
period closed on 7 October 2022.  
 
Work is underway to implement changes required to the Macquarie Bank Group’s remuneration 
framework and the Macquarie Bank Group maintains regular dialogue with APRA on this topic. 
The Board undertook a review of the various components of remuneration to address certain 
aspects of CPS 511 (including the deferral arrangements for senior executives), as well as the 
evolving expectations of the Macquarie Bank Group’s stakeholders. As part of this review, the 
Board considered diverse perspectives, including those of shareholders and regulators, as well 
as global peer group benchmarking and increased global competition for talent in many of the 
Macquarie Bank Group’s areas of activity. These changes will be implemented in a phased 
approach from the 2022 fiscal year.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
Operational Risk 
On 28 July 2022, APRA commenced consultation on a draft cross-industry prudential 
standard CPS 230 – Operational Risk Management (“CPS 230”). CPS 230 intends to set out 
minimum requirements for managing operational risk and uplifts requirements in two existing 
prudential standards (CPS 231 – Outsourcing and CPS 232 – Business Continuity Management). 
Key new or uplifted requirements include:  
• 
maintaining and testing internal controls to ensure they are effective in managing key 
operational risks 
• 
improving business continuity planning to ensure that regulated entities are ready to 
respond to severe business disruptions, maintain critical operations and set clear 
tolerances for the maximum level of disruption to critical operations 
• 
enhancing third party risk management by extending requirements to cover all material 
service providers that the regulated entities rely on for critical operations or that 
expose them to material operational risk (rather than just material activities that have 
been outsourced) 
Consultation responses were due to APRA on 21 October 2022, with the standard to be finalised in early 
2023 and effective from 1 January 2024.Strengthening residential mortgage lending assessments  
In response to APRA’s concerns with heightened household indebtedness as a result of growing 
financial stability risks from ADIs’ residential mortgage lending, on 6 October 2021, APRA 
released a letter to ADIs on loan serviceability expectations to counter rising risks in home lending. 
APRA’s letter set forth the following expectations in relation to serviceability assessments: 
• 
all ADIs are expected to adopt a more prudent setting for the mortgage serviceability 
buffer that is used to test borrowers’ capacity to repay. All ADIs are expected to operate 
with a buffer of at least 3.0 percentage points over the loan interest rate; 
• 
all ADIs are expected to keep the level of the buffer under review to assess whether it 
remains appropriate in relation to the broader risk environment; and 
• 
all ADIs are requested to review their risk appetites for lending at high debt-to-income 
ratios. 
On 1 November 2021, MBL increased its interest rate buffer for home loan serviceability 
assessments from 2.5% per annum to 3.0% per annum over the loan interest rate in accordance 
with APRA’s expectations. APRA also published an information paper on 11 November 2021, 
setting out its framework for the use of macroprudential policy measures to promote the stability 
of the Australian financial system. 
Climate change financial risk 
On 4 November 2021, APRA and the RBA published a joint statement on the actions taken to 
ensure financial institutions and the Australian financial system were prepared to respond to 
climate-related financial risks. APRA considers that climate change would be a driver of change 
in the value of certain assets and income streams, and would therefore pose a risk to financial 
institutions and financial stability. APRA and the RBA have worked closely with the other members 
of the Council of Financial Services (CFR) in developing approaches to understanding and 
managing the financial risks of climate change. 
Following consultation in April 2021, APRA finalised its Prudential Practice Guide CPG 229 on 
Climate Change Financial Risks on 26 November 2021. The guide imposes no new regulatory

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
requirements, but rather assists entities to manage climate-related risks within their existing risk 
management and governance practices. It covers APRA’s view of sound practice in governance, 
risk management, scenario analysis and disclosure of climate related financial risks. MGL has 
included climate change risk within its Risk Appetite Statement and Risk Management Strategy. 
 
In March and April 2022, APRA  conducted a voluntary climate risk self-assessment survey of 
medium-to-large entities across the banking, insurance and superannuation industries. The 
survey was intended to improve APRA’s understanding of the approaches being taken by APRA-
regulated entities to identify, assess and manage climate-related financial risks, using CPG 229 
as a benchmark. On August 4, 2022, APRA published the findings of the survey. The responses 
from 64 medium to large institutions suggest climate risk remains an emerging discipline 
compared to other traditional risk areas, with only a small portion of respondents indicating that 
they have fully embedded climate risk across their risk management framework. 
On 3 September 2021, APRA published an information paper on the Climate Vulnerability 
Assessment (CVA), which outlined the CVA purpose, design and scope. The CVA was designed 
in consultation with the Australian Banking Association (ABA) as well as the members of the CFR, 
to assess the nature and extent of the financial risks that large banks in Australia may face due to 
climate change. At the time APRA’s information paper was released, the CVA was already in 
progress, since June 2021, with Australia’s five major banks, including Macquarie Bank. 
 
The three key objectives of the CVA were to: 
• 
assess potential financial exposure to climate risk;  
• 
understand how banks may adjust business models and implement management 
actions in response to different scenarios; and  
• 
foster improvement in climate risk management capabilities.  
Following the completion and submission of the CVA in May 2022, APRA announced they will be 
publishing a report around November 2022, with the aggregated CVA results from the five major 
banks. 
Review of the prudential framework for groups  
On 24 October 2022, APRA advised it will undertake a review of the prudential framework for 
groups including those that have a NOHC in their structure, such as Macquarie Group. The review 
will commence with a Discussion Paper in the first half of 2023 to seek industry feedback on five 
key topics related to groups: financial resilience, governance, risk management, resolution and 
competition issues. APRA expects to consult on any revisions to the relevant standards over 
2023-2024, with any changes effective from 2025. 
Other developments 
In addition, there have also been a series of industry-led developments, legislative changes and 
other regulatory releases from regulators in the various jurisdictions in which the Macquarie Bank 
Group operates resulting in significant regulatory change for financial institutions, the legal and 
practical implications of which may not yet be fully understood.  
These include:

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
• 
greater regulation of derivatives, particularly over the counter ("OTC”) derivatives, including 
the European Market Infrastructure Regulation and the Dodd-Frank reforms, which have 
resulted in increased reporting and stricter capital and margin requirements, the 
centralised execution and clearing of standardised OTC derivatives and heightened 
supervision and required registration of swap dealers and major swap participants; 
• 
various ASIC developments including: 
(i) 
new powers given to ASIC to intervene in the design and distribution of financial 
products - on 11 December 2020, ASIC released its new Regulatory Guide 274 
Product design and distribution obligations ("RG 274"), placing a greater 
emphasis on the effectiveness of product governance arrangements and 
providing greater clarity on how requirements could be met. The Macquarie Bank 
Group implemented the new design and distribution obligations ("DDO") for the 
commencement date of 5 October 2021 in line with RG 274. On 14 September 
2021, the Australian government announced its intention to make a number of 
legislative amendments to achieve its intended operation of these reforms. ASIC 
Corporations (Design and Distribution Obligations Interim measures) Instrument 
2021/784 implemented these changes and they came into effect on 5 October 
2021 and will last until 5 October 2023. The instrument removes the requirement 
for all distributors to report to issuers whether they have received a complaint, 
including where they have received no complaints, amongst other amendments. 
The Macquarie Bank Group will monitor these changes as they are formally 
announced by the Australian government and any interim relief is provided by 
ASIC; ;  
(ii) 
updates to its Regulatory Guide 209 Credit licensing: Responsible lending 
conduct -  on 25 September 2020, the Australian government announced its 
intention to reform responsible lending obligations in order to reduce barriers to 
credit. Key elements of the reforms include removing the responsible lending 
obligations for most credit contracts, applying parts of APRA’s ADI lending 
standards to non-ADIs and allowing lenders to rely on the information provided by 
consumers in relation to credit applications. The Australian government proposed 
that the reforms commence from 1 March 2021, subject to the passing of 
legislation. However, while the Australian government introduced legislation into 
Federal Parliament on 9 December 2020, it was referred to the Economics 
Legislation Committee for inquiry and report by 12 March 2021. The Economics 
Legislation Committee recommended that the bill be passed, and it is currently in 
the Federal Senate. ASIC’s RG 209 will be reviewed and updated when the 
proposed reforms are finalised. The Macquarie Group is monitoring developments 
and will make appropriate changes to processes and policies following the 
passage of legislation;  
(iii) 
ASIC guidance on fees and costs disclosure - in November 2019, ASIC released 
its updated Regulatory Guide 97 Disclosing fees and costs in PDSs and periodic 
statements ("RG 97") and legislative instrument relating to fees and costs 
disclosure in product disclosure statements ("PDSs") and periodic statements. 
The Macquarie Bank Group is updating relevant disclosure documents to comply 
with the requirements. The new rules apply to periodic and exit statements for

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
reporting periods commencing on or after 1 July 2021. PDSs given from 30 
September 2022 must comply with the new requirements;  
 
(iv) 
ASIC market integrity rules - on 10 March 2022, ASIC announced that it has 
introduced new market integrity rules aimed at promoting the technological and 
operational resilience of securities and futures market operators and participants. 
The new technological and operational resilience rules apply from 10 March 2023, 
clarifying and strengthening existing obligations for market operators and 
participants and providing greater domestic and international alignment in relation 
to issues of management, outsourcing, information security, business continuity 
planning, governance and resourcing and trading controls; 
 
(v) 
dispute resolution requirements - updated dispute resolution requirements to 
reduce the timeframes for responding to retail and small business complaints, 
improve the way complaints are dealt with across the financial system and bring 
about greater transparency in financial firms’ complaint handling procedures; and  
(vi) 
updates to breach reporting requirements - on 7 September 2021, ASIC released 
its new Regulatory Guide 78 Breach reporting by AFS licensees and credit 
licensees (“RG78”) and a new Information Sheet on the new notify, investigate, 
and remediate obligations applicable to AFS licensees who are financial advisers 
and credit licensees who are mortgage brokers. RG 78 sets out ASIC’s 
interpretation of key concepts of the breach reporting obligation, its general 
approach to administering the obligation, and how licensees can demonstrate 
compliance with the breach reporting obligation.  These breach reporting reforms 
for AFS licensees and credit licensees commenced on 1 October 2021. However, 
unlike AFS licensees, credit licensees do not have to report breaches that 
occurred before 1 October 2021, even when identified after the commencement 
date. The Macquarie Group amended policies, processes and systems to comply 
with the new regime from 1 October 2021; 
• 
in February 2018 the Treasury Laws Amendment (Banking Executive Accountability and 
Related Measures) Act 2018 was passed by the Australian Parliament introducing a new 
banking executive accountability regime known as "BEAR".  The Financial Accountability 
Regime ("FAR") will replace BEAR and to extend the responsibility and accountability 
framework established under BEAR to all APRA-regulated entities. In addition to MBL, 
this will extend to Macquarie Group Limited, Macquarie Investment Management Limited 
(“MIML”) and Macquarie Life Limited ("MLL"). The revised Financial Accountability Regime 
Bill was introduced into the Australian Parliament in 2021 and was subsequently referred 
to the Senate Economics Legislation Committee for inquiry and report, however lapsed 
on dissolution of the Federal Parliament in April 2022. On 8 September 2022, FAR was 
re-introduced into Federal Parliament. This Bill, which is yet to be passed by the Federal 
Parliament, provides for the introduction of FAR on similar terms to the initial Bill 
introduced in 2021. It is expected that FAR will commence for MBL and MGL six months 
after the legislation is passed, and for other APRA prudentially regulated entities in the 
Macquarie Group (which include MIML and MLL) a further 12 months later. Treasury 
consulted on draft FAR Rules in September/October 2022.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
• 
on 9 February 2018, the Australian government released a review into open banking 
entitled Open Banking: customers, choice, convenience, confidence, which provides 
guidance on the design and implementation of Australia’s open banking regime. On 1 
August 2019, legislation to establish the Consumer Data Right ("CDR") was passed by 
the Australian parliament. The CDR framework gives consumers control over their 
consumer data, enabling them to (among other things) direct the dataholder to provide 
their data, in a CDR compliant format, to accredited data recipients including other banks, 
fintechs or companies providing comparison services. The CDR Rules, which set out 
details of how the consumer data right works, came into effect on 6 February 2020. The 
Open Banking regime forms the first component of the Australian government’s CDR. All 
Australian deposit taking institutions must comply with Open Banking. Following an 
updated timeline announced by the ACCC, the commencement date for major banks was 
(i) 1 July 1 2020 to provide CDR data on credit and debit card, deposit and transaction 
accounts; (ii) 1 November 2020 for mortgage and personal loan data; and (iii) 1 February 
2021 to provide CDR data on various products including business finance, asset finance 
and trust account products. The commencement date for non major banks (including 
MBL) to share product reference data (such as fees and charges, terms and conditions 
and eligibility criteria) for phase one products (such as TSA, credit cards, CMA and 
business deposit accounts) was 1 October 2020 (previously 1 July 2020) following a three 
month exemption provided by the ACCC due to the COVID-19 pandemic. There are 
several key compliance milestones for non-major banks, but it is expected that by 1 
February 2022, implementation of the Open Banking regime will be completed and full 
data transfer for consumers will become available (excluding joint account holders and 
accounts held by corporate entities which is scheduled for later in 2022). On 6 May 2021, 
the ACCC granted an exemption to MBL deferring the commencement dates of its 
consumer data sharing obligations (all phases) and its direct-to-consumer obligations, for 
specific business banking account products, until 1 November 2022. The exemption also 
provides MBL with permanent exemption for specific grandfathered product portfolios. 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 
The commodities and securities laws in the United States create a comprehensive regulatory 
regime for swaps and other derivatives, subject to the jurisdiction and regulations of the multiple 
U.S. regulatory agencies, including the Federal Reserve System ("FRB"), the CFTC and the SEC. 
The regulatory landscape for derivatives continues to change as new rules are adopted, 
implemented and enforced by the CFTC and SEC. These regulations, which vary by jurisdiction, 
may have a significant impact on the derivatives markets, and entities that participate in those 
markets.  
MBL is provisionally registered as a swap dealer with the CFTC. Macquarie Futures USA LLC 
("MFUSA") is registered as a futures commission merchant with the CFTC. As CFTC registrants, 
MBL and MFUSA are subject to comprehensive regulatory oversight by the CFTC. In addition, 
MBL is registered as a security-based swap dealer with the SEC. The CFTC and SEC continue 
to propose significant new or revised regulatory requirements which, if adopted, may have effects 
across the transaction lifecycle and apply to MBL and its subsidiaries. 
As part of its swap dealer obligations and security-based swap dealer, MBL is subject to the 
FRB’s capital regulations, as well as the FRB’s initial and variation margin requirements for

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
uncleared swaps and security-based swaps. MBL is also subject to additional margin 
requirements imposed by APRA and regulators in the European Union and the United Kingdom. 
MBL’s business has been or will continue to be affected by a variety of regulations under the U.S. 
Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and CFTC regulations, including, but not limited to, 
mandatory trade execution  and clearing requirements for certain classes of derivatives, reporting 
obligations (including amended swap reporting requirements that take effect in May 2022), 
recordkeeping business conduct requirements, prohibitions on market manipulation and 
disruptive trading, prohibitions on the use of certain nonpublic information, treatment of separate 
accounts by futures commission merchants, registration and heightened supervision of MBL as 
swap dealer, and more stringent and extensive position limits and aggregation requirements on 
derivatives on certain physical commodities.  
Pursuant to the CFTC’s Comparability Determinations for Australia, MBL’s compliance with 
provisions and requirements under the applicable Australian regulatory regimes is sufficient to 
meet some CFTC swap dealer requirements to which MBL would otherwise be subject. Together, 
these requirements will impact MBL and MFUSA as a direct market participant that transacts in 
derivatives, in the case of MBL, and as an intermediary that provides access to the derivatives 
markets for others, in the case of MFUSA. The SEC has jurisdiction over transactions in security-
based swaps, which generally include swaps on a single security or a narrow-based index of 
securities or on a single loan and credit default swaps on a single issuer or issuers of securities in 
a narrow-based security index. The SEC has proposed or adopted regulations requiring, among 
other things, registration of security-based swap dealers and compliance with regulations on 
business conduct, trade reporting, recordkeeping, financial reporting and other matters. Security-
based swaps, because they are securities, are subject to the general anti-fraud and anti-
manipulation provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws. MBL is registered as a security-based 
swap dealer with the SEC and is required to comply with the SEC’s regulations governing 
security-based swap dealers and security-based swaps. These registration and compliance 
obligations will likely result in increased costs with respect to MBL’s security-based swaps 
business. 
Further changes may occur driven by policy, prudential or political factors. 
The Macquarie Bank Group reviews these changes and releases, engages with government, 
regulators and industry bodies and amends its systems, processes and operations to align with 
changes and new regulatory requirements as they occur. Further information on the risk 
management and other policies of the Macquarie Bank Group is contained in the documents 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see "Documents incorporated by reference" 
on pages 41 to 44 (inclusive) of this Base Prospectus). 
Seniority of Warrants in the Issuer’s capital structure in insolvency scenarios 
Warrants issued under the Programme constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of Macquarie Bank. Warrants will rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves.  In the event of the winding up of Macquarie Bank, claims against Macquarie Bank 
in respect of the Warrants would rank equally with other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of Macquarie Bank and ahead of subordinated debt and obligations to shareholders 
(in their capacity as such).   
1T1TAustralian insolvency laws 
1T1TIn the event that Macquarie Bank is, is likely to become or becomes insolvent, insolvency 
proceedings are likely to be governed by Australian law or the law of another jurisdiction

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
determined in accordance with Australian law.  Australian insolvency laws are, and the laws of 
that other jurisdiction can be expected to be, different from the insolvency laws of other 
jurisdictions. In particular, the voluntary administration procedure under the Corporations Act 
2001 of Australian and regulations thereunder, which provides for the potential re-organisation of 
an insolvent company, differs significantly from similar provisions under the insolvency laws of 
other jurisdictions.  If Macquarie Bank becomes insolvent, the treatment and ranking of 
Warrantholders and Macquarie Bank’s shareholders under Australian law, and the laws of any 
other jurisdiction determined in accordance with Australian law, may be different from the 
treatment and ranking of Warrantholders and Macquarie Bank’s shareholders if Macquarie Bank 
were subject to the bankruptcy laws or the insolvency laws of other jurisdictions. 
In September 2017, reforms to Australian insolvency laws were passed.  Among other things, the 
legislation provides for a stay on enforcement of certain rights arising under a contract (such as a 
right entitling a creditor to terminate the contract or to accelerate payments or providing for 
automatic acceleration) for a certain period of time (and potentially, indefinitely), if the reason for 
enforcement is the occurrence of certain events relating to specified insolvency proceedings (such 
as the appointment of an administrator, managing controller or an application for a scheme of 
arrangement) or the company’s financial position during those insolvency proceedings (known as 
"ipso facto rights").  
The stay will apply to ipso facto rights arising under contracts, agreements or arrangements 
entered into after 1 July 2018, subject to certain exclusions. Such exclusions include rights 
exercised under a kind of contract, agreement or arrangement prescribed by the regulations. On 
21 June 2018, the Australian federal government introduced regulations setting out the types of 
contracts and contractual rights that will be excluded from the stay (the "Regulations"). 
The Regulations provide, among other things, that any ipso facto rights under a contract, 
agreement or arrangement that is or governs securities, financial products, bonds or promissory 
notes will be exempt from the stay.  The Regulations also provide that a contract, agreement or 
arrangement under which a party is or may be liable to subscribe for, or to procure subscribers 
for, securities, financial products, bonds or promissory notes is also excluded from the stay.  
Furthermore, the Regulations also provide that a contract, agreement or arrangement that is, or 
is directly connected with a derivative, will not be the subject of the stay. Accordingly, the 
Regulations should exclude the Warrants and certain other related arrangements from the stay.  
As the legislation and the Regulations are new to the insolvency regime in Australia, they have not 
been the subject of judicial interpretation.   
Material Contracts 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of Macquarie 
Bank’s business which could result in Macquarie Bank or any entity within the Group being under 
an obligation or entitlement that is material to Macquarie Bank’s ability to meet its obligations to 
holders of Warrants in respect of the Warrants. 
Principal investment activity 
Since 31 March 2022, being the date of Macquarie Bank’s last published audited financial 
statements, and other than as released to the ASX prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Macquarie Bank has not made any principal investments that are material to its ability to meet its 
obligations to Warrantholders in respect of the Warrants. 
Significant change in the Issuer’s financial position and financial performance

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
There has been no significant change in the financial position and in the financial performance of 
Macquarie Bank since the half year ended 30 September 2022 (the date as at which the latest 
unaudited half-year financial statements of Macquarie Bank consolidated with its subsidiaries 
were prepared). 
Directors of Macquarie Bank  
The persons named below are Voting Directors of Macquarie Bank under Macquarie Bank’s 
constitution and exercise the powers of directors for the purposes of the Corporations Act. All 
members of the Board of Voting Directors of Macquarie Bank have the business address of Level 
6, 50 Martin Place, Sydney, NSW, 2000. 
 
Glenn R Stevens AC  
BEc (Hons) (Sydney), MA (Econ) (UWO)  
Independent Chairman since 10 May 2022 
Independent Voting Director since November 2017  
Member of the Board Conflicts Committee  
 
Other current positions 
 
Mr Stevens serves on the Board of NSW Treasury Corporation. He is a Director of the Anika 
Foundation and the Lowy Institute, Deputy Chair of the Temora Aviation Museum and a volunteer 
pilot for Angel Flight. 
 
Stuart D Green 
BA (Hons) (UCL), MBA (CUL Business School), FCA, AMCT 
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer since July 2021 
Member of the Board Conflicts Committee 
 
Other current positions 
 
Mr Green is a Director of the Australian Financial Markets Association, a member of the Macquarie 
Group Foundation Committee, and a member of the Australian Banking Association Council.   
 
 
Shemara R Wikramanayake 
BCom, LLB (UNSW) 
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of MGL 
Executive Voting Director since August 2018  
 
Other current positions 
 
Shemara sits on the World Bank’s Global Commission on Adaptation and was a founding CEO 
of the United Nations Climate Finance Leadership Initiative (CFLI). She currently leads emerging 
markets workstreams for CFLI and the Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero (GFANZ) and is a 
member of the Global Investors for Sustainable Development (GISD) Alliance and the Australian 
Universities Accord Panel of Eminent Australians conducting the Australian Universities Accord 
Review. 
 
 
Jillian R Broadbent AC

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
BA (Maths & Economics) (Sydney) 
Independent Voting Director since November 2018 
Chair of the Board Remuneration Committee  
Other current positions 
Ms Broadbent is a Director of the Sydney Dance Company and the National Portrait Gallery Board 
Foundation. 
 
 
Philip M Coffey 
BEc (Hons) (Adelaide), GAICD, SF Finsia  
Independent Voting Director since August 2018 
Chairman of the Board Risk Committee 
Member of the Board Governance and Compliance Committee 
Other current positions 
 
Mr Coffey is a Non-Executive Director of Lendlease Corporation Limited and Goodstart Early 
Learning Ltd. 
 
 
Michelle A Hinchliffe 
BCom (UQ), FCA, ACA 
Independent Voting Director since March 2022) 
Chair of the Board Audit Committee 
Member of the Board Governance and Compliance Committee 
 
Other current positions 
 
Ms Hinchliffe is a Non-Executive Director of BHP Group Limited. 
 
Michael J Coleman 
MCom (UNSW), FCA, FCPA, FAICD 
Independent Voting Director since November 2012 
Member of the Board Conflicts Committee 
Member of the Board Governance and Compliance Committee 
Member of the Board Risk Committee  
 
Other current positions 
Mr Coleman is Deputy Chair of Planet Ark Environmental Foundation and Chair of its Audit and 
Risk Committee, and an Adjunct Professor at the Australian School of Business at the University 
of New South Wales. Mr Coleman is also a board member of Legal Aid NSW, a member of the 
Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand’s Nominations and Governance Committee, 
a Councillor of the NSW Division of the Australian Institute of Company Directors (AICD) and 
Chairman of the Reporting Committee of the AICD. 
 
 
Rebecca J McGrath 
BTP (Hons) (UNSW), MAppSc (ProjMgt) (RMIT), FAICD  
Independent Voting Director since January 2021 
Member of the Board Governance and Compliance Committee

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
Member of the Board Remuneration Committee 
Member of the Board Risk Committee 
 
Other current positions 
Ms McGrath is Chairman of Oz Minerals Limited, Scania Australia Pty Limited, Investa Wholesale 
Funds Management Limited and Investa Office Management Holdings Pty Limited, and is a Non-
Executive Director of Goodman Group. 
She is the President of the Victorian Council of the Australian Institute of Company Directors and 
a member of the national Board. She is an Ambassador for Menzies School of Health Research 
and the National Association of Women in Operations. She is also a member of the ASIC 
Corporate Governance Consultative Panel and The Australian British Chamber of Commerce 
Advisory Council. 
 
 
Mike Roche 
BSc (UQ), GAICD, FIA (London), FIAA 
Independent Voting Director since January 2021 
Member of the Board Audit Committee 
Member of the Board Remuneration Committee 
Member of the Board Risk Committee 
 
Other current positions 
Mr Roche is a Non-Executive Director of Wesfarmers Limited, Six Park Asset Management Pty 
Ltd, MaxCap Group Pty Ltd and Te Pahau Management Limited and Managing Director of M R 
Advisory Pty Ltd. 
 
He is a member of the ADARA Partners Corporate Advisory Wise Counsel Panel, a small business 
mentor for Many Rivers Microfinance Limited and co-founder, and a Director of, the Sally 
Foundation. 
 
 
Nicola M Wakefield Evans 
BJuris/BLaw (UNSW), FAICD 
Independent Voting Director since February 2014 
Chair of the Board Governance and Compliance Committee  
Member of the Board Audit Committee 
Member of the Board Risk Committee 
 
Other current positions 
Ms Wakefield Evans is a director of Viva Energy Group Limited, MetLife Insurance Limited, 
MetLife General Insurance Limited, Lendlease Corporation Limited and Clean Energy Finance 
Corporation. She is Chair of the Board Audit and Risk Committee of Clean Energy Finance 
Corporation, and Chair of the 30% Club Australia. She is also a member of the Takeovers 
Panel, the National Board of the Australian Institute of Company Directors, the GO Foundation 
Board and The University of New South Wales Foundation Limited Board. 
 
 
Ian M Saines 
BCom (Economics) (UNSW), FAICD  
Independent Voting Director since June 2022  
Chair of the  Board Conflicts Committee 
Member of the  Board Remuneration Committee

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
Member of the  Board Risk Committee 
 
Other current positions 
Mr Saines is a Non-Executive Director of Air Lease Corporation and NSW Treasury Corporation 
and is Deputy Chair of the United States Studies Centre and American Australian Association 
Limited.  
He is a member of the Salvation Army Australia’s Sydney Corporate and Philanthropic Council 
and a member of the Advisory Committee of Catholic Schools of Broken Bay.  
 
 
Board Committees 
MBL has established the following Board Committees: 
• 
Board Risk Committee ("BRiC"); 
• 
Board Audit Committee ("BAC"); 
• 
Board Remuneration Committee ("BRC");  
• 
Board Governance and Compliance Committee ("BGCC"); and 
• 
Board Conflicts Committee (“BCC”). 
 
The BRiC assists the Board by providing oversight of the Macquarie Bank Group’s risk 
management framework and advising the Board on the Macquarie Bank Group’s risk appetite, 
risk culture and risk management strategy.  
The BAC assists the Board with its oversight of the quality and integrity of the accounting, auditing 
and financial reporting of the Macquarie Bank Group. The BAC also reviews the adequacy of the 
Macquarie Bank Group’s control framework for financial regulatory reporting to prudential 
regulators and monitors the internal financial control environment.  
The BRC makes recommendations to the Board that promote appropriate remuneration policies 
and practices for the Macquarie Bank Group that drive remuneration outcomes which align with 
Macquarie Bank’s financial and non-financial risk outcomes, promote the Macquarie Group’s 
Code of Conduct and accountability of staff for the business and customer outcomes they deliver 
by encouraging a long-term perspective.  
The BGCC assists the Board by monitoring corporate governance, regulatory, legal, compliance 
and financial crime risk matters for the Macquarie Bank Group, including reviewing and monitoring 
compliance with the Macquarie Bank Group’s Conduct Risk Management Framework and its 
implementation (other than a member of the Macquarie Bank Group) and those matters or 
decisions are material to the Macquarie Bank Group. 
 
Director Independence  
The MBL Board Charter requires that the Chair of MBL and a majority of the Board must be 
independent Directors. The Board believes that independence is evidenced by an ability to 
constructively challenge and independently contribute to the work of the Board. It is also the 
policy of the Board of MBL that a majority of the members of each MBL Board Committee should

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
be independent Directors, that the BAC will comprise only of independent Directors and that each 
MBL Board Committee be chaired by an independent Director. 
A Voting Director ("Director") will be considered independent if they are free of any interests, 
positions or relationships that could materially interfere with the Director’s capacity to bring 
independent judgment on matters before the Board and act in the best interests of MBL.  
The independence of each Non-Executive Director ("NED") is considered prior to appointment 
and then considered annually by the BGCC and confirmed by the Board of MBL. As part of the 
review process, each NED is provided with a copy of the Macquarie Bank Policy on Director 
Independence and asked to declare whether they have any interests, positions or relationships 
that could materially interfere with the Director’s capacity to act in the best interests of MBL 
("Declaration"). Each NED is also asked to provide information regarding relationships with 
Macquarie, including relationships of close personal ties with MBL, for review by the BGCC.  
In considering the independence of Directors, the BGCC and the Board will have regard to 
whether or not the Director: 
1. 
is, or has been employed in an executive capacity by MGL or another member of the 
Macquarie Group and there has not been a period of at least three years between ceasing 
such employment and serving on the Board; 
2. 
receives performance-based remuneration (including options or performance rights) from, 
or participates in an employee incentive scheme of, MGL or MBL; 
3. 
is, or has been within the last three years, in a material business or contractual relationship 
(e.g. as a supplier, professional adviser, consultant or customer), other than as a Director, 
with MGL or another member of the Macquarie Group, or is an officer of, or otherwise 
associated with, someone with such a relationship; 
4. 
is, represents, or is or has been within the last three years an officer or employee of, or 
professional adviser to, a substantial shareholder of MGL; 
5. 
is, or has within the last three years, been affiliated with or employed by a present or 
former external auditor of MGL, MBL or another member of the Macquarie Group; 
6. 
has close personal ties with any person who falls within any of the categories described 
above; or 
7. 
has been a Director of MBL for such a period that their independence from management 
and substantial holders may have been compromised. 
In each case, the materiality of the interest, position or relationship needs to be assessed by the 
MBL Board to determine whether it might interfere, or might reasonably be seen to interfere, with 
the Director’s capacity to bring an independent judgment to bear on issues before the Board and 
to act in the best interests of MBL as a whole rather than in the interests of an individual security 
holder or other party. 
MBL's nine NEDs, being Jillian R Broadbent, Philip M Coffey, Michael J Coleman, Michelle A 
Hinchliffe, Mike Roche, Rebecca J McGrath, Ian M Saines, Glenn R Stevens and Nicola M 
Wakefield Evans, are each considered to be independent.  
Dealing with potential conflicts of interest

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
MBL recognises that conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest may arise from time to 
time for its Directors from disclosed business relationships or interests. These are managed in 
accordance with the Board’s protocols for declaring and dealing with potential conflicts of interest.  
The Board has protocols for its members for declaring and dealing with potential conflicts of 
interest that include:  
• 
Board members declaring their interests required under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), 
the ASX Listing Rules and general law requirements;  
• 
Board members with a material personal interest in a matter before the Board not 
receiving the relevant Board paper and not being present at the Board meeting during the 
consideration of the matter and subsequent vote, unless the Board (excluding the relevant 
Board member) resolves otherwise; and 
• 
as a general rule, Board members with other conflicts not involving a material personal 
interest in a matter before the Board should not receive the relevant Board paper and not 
be present at the Board meeting during discussion of the matter. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, and having regard to the above criteria, requirements and 
procedures utilised by MBL to detect and manage conflicts of interest and to restrict participation 
where a conflict arises, there are: 
• 
no actual conflicts of interest; and  
• 
no potential conflicts of interest, other than in respect of any dealings between MBL and 
any of the companies listed above under "Principal Outside Activities" which may arise in 
the future and will be managed in accordance with the above requirements and 
procedures, 
between duties owed to MBL and dischargeable by members of its Board of Voting Directors 
listed above and their private interests and/or other duties. 
As noted above, all Directors are required to disclose any conflict or potential conflict of interest 
on an ongoing basis. In respect of conflicts or potential conflicts of interest that may arise in the 
future, MBL will manage those conflicts in accordance with the Corporations Act, any other 
applicable law and the other requirements and procedures referred to above.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
Offering and Sale 
No action has been or will be taken by the Issuer that would permit a public offering of any 
Warrants or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation to any Warrants in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  No offers, sales, re-offers, re-sales or 
deliveries of any Warrants, or distribution of any this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms, circular, 
advertisement or other offering material relating to any Warrants, may be made in or from any 
country or jurisdiction except in circumstances which will result in compliance with any applicable 
laws and regulations and which will not impose any obligation on the Issuer and/or any Manager 
or Purchaser. 
1 
General 
This Base Prospectus has not been, and will not be, lodged with ASIC and is not a 
‘prospectus’ or other ‘disclosure document’ for the purposes of the Corporations Act.  
Except for registration of this Base Prospectus by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, no 
action has been taken in any country or jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of 
any of the Warrants, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus, any Final 
Terms, circular, advertisement or other offering material relating to any Warrants, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer to 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in which 
they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Warrants or have in their possession or distribute such 
offering material and to obtain any consent, approval or permission required by them for 
the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by them of any Warrants under the law and regulations 
in force in any country or jurisdiction to which they are subject or in which they make such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries, in all cases at their own expense, and neither the 
Issuer nor any Manager shall have responsibility therefor.  In accordance with the above, 
any Warrants purchased by any person which it wishes to offer for sale or resale may not 
be offered in any country or jurisdiction in circumstances which would result in the Issuer 
being obliged to register any further prospectus or corresponding document relating to 
the Warrants in such country or jurisdiction. 
In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer 
or sale of Warrants in Australia, the United States of America, the European Economic 
Area, the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan, Korea, India, Canada, 
People’s Republic of China, Malaysia and Taiwan as set out below. 
No money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months will be 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market under this Base 
Prospectus. 
2 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act) in 
relation to the Programme or any Warrant has been, or will be, lodged with ASIC.  Each 
Manager of an issue of Warrants, and each further Manager appointed under the 
Programme, will be required to represent and agree, and will be deemed to have 
represented and agreed, that, unless the relevant Final Terms otherwise provides, it:

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
(a) 
has not offered or invited applications, and will not offer or invite applications, for 
the issue, sale or purchase of any Warrants in Australia (including an offer or 
invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, the Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material or advertisement relating to any Warrants 
in Australia, 
unless (i) the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies and, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the 
offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to 
investors in accordance with Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations Act, (ii) such action 
complies with all applicable laws and regulations in Australia (including, without limitation, 
the licensing requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Corporations Act), (iii) the offer or 
invitation is not made to a person who is a “retail client” for the purpose of section 761G 
of the Corporations Act, and (iv) such action does not require any document to be lodged 
with ASIC. 
3 
United States 
No Warrants of any series have been, or will be, registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (“Securities Act”).  Trading in the Warrants has not 
been, and will not be, approved on an exchange or board of trade or otherwise by the 
United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the United States 
Commodity Exchange Act.  No Warrants of any series, or interests therein, may at any 
time be offered, sold, resold, traded or delivered, directly or indirectly, in or into the United 
States of America (including the states and the District of Columbia), its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction (“United States”) or directly or 
indirectly offered, sold, resold, traded or delivered to, or for the account or benefit of, any 
person (“U.S. person”) who is (i) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United 
States, (ii) a corporation, partnership or other entity organised in or under the laws of the 
United States or any political subdivision thereof or which has its principal place of 
business in the United States, (iii) any estate or trust, the income of which is subject to 
United States federal income taxation regardless of the source of its income, (iv) any trust 
if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the 
administration of the trust and if one or more United States trustees have the authority to 
control all substantial decisions of the trust, (v) a pension plan for the employees, officers 
or principals of a corporation, partnership or other entity described in (ii) above, or (vi) any 
other “U.S. person” as such term may be defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act (“Regulation S”) or, to the extent applicable, in regulations adopted under the United 
States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936.  Consequently, any offer, sale, re-sale, trade 
or delivery made, directly or indirectly, into the United States or to, for the account or 
benefit of, a U.S. person will not be recognised, except for (a) an offering of the Warrant 
pursuant to an exemption from, or a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act, then within the United States, to “accredited investors” 
as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D or “qualified institutional buyers” as defined in 
Rule 144A, each under the Securities Act, or otherwise pursuant to any other exemption, 
and (b) in countries outside the United States to persons that are not, and are not acting 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons in offshore transactions in accordance with 
Regulation S. 
Each Manager of an issue of Warrants, and each further Manager appointed under the 
Programme, will be required to represent and agree, and will be deemed to have 
represented and agreed, that it will not at any time offer, sell, resell, trade or deliver, directly

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
or indirectly, Warrants of such series in the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, any U.S. person or to others for offer, sale, resale, trade or delivery, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any such U.S. person.  
Any person purchasing Warrants of any series must represent and agree with a Manager 
of such series or the seller of such Warrants that (i) it will not at any time offer, sell, resell, 
trade or deliver, directly or indirectly, any Warrants of such series so purchased in or into 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person or to others for 
offer, sale, resale, trade or delivery, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person, (ii) it is not purchasing any Warrants of 
such series for the account or benefit of any U.S. person and (iii) it will not make offers, 
sales, re-sales, trades or deliveries of any Warrants of such series (otherwise acquired), 
directly or indirectly, in or into the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any 
U.S. person.   
Each Manager of an issue of Warrants, and each further Manager appointed under the 
Programme, will also be required to represent and agree and will be deemed to have 
represented and agreed, and any person purchasing Warrants of such series must 
represent and agree, to send each person who purchases any Warrants of such series 
from it a written confirmation (which shall include the definitions of “United States” and 
“U.S. persons” set forth herein) by acceptance of such confirmation stating that the 
Warrants have not been registered under the Securities Act, and stating that, such 
purchaser agrees that it will not at any time offer, sell, resell, trade or deliver Warrants, 
directly or indirectly, in or into the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any 
U.S. person.  Any person exercising a Warrant will be required to represent that it is not 
a U.S. person nor is it acting for the account or benefit of any U.S person.  See “Terms 
and Conditions of the Warrants, Condition 5 - Exercise Procedure”. 
4 
European Economic Area 
Each Manager of an issue of Warrants has represented and agreed, and each further 
Manager appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, and 
will be deemed to have represented and agreed, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Warrants which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation for offering 
or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
European Economic Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Warrants 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.   
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended and superseded); and

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Warrants to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Warrants. 
This European Economic Area selling restriction is in addition to any other selling 
restrictions set out in this Base Prospectus. 
5 
United Kingdom 
Each Manager of an issue of Warrants, and each further Manager appointed under the 
Programme, will be required to represent and agree, and will be deemed to have 
represented and agreed, that: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants having a maturity of less than one year: (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and (ii) it has 
not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Warrants other than to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where 
the issue of the Warrants would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 
19 of the FSMA by us; 
 
(b) 
it has complied with, and will comply with, all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
in respect of anything done in relation to any Warrants in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom; and  
 
(c) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated, and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated, an invitation or inducement to 
engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) in 
connection with the issue or sale of any Warrants in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does or where applicable would not, if the Issuer was 
not an authorised person, not apply to the Issuer.  
Each Manager of an issue of Warrants has represented and agreed, and each further 
Manager appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, and 
will be deemed to have represented and agreed, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Warrants which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor to any retail investor in the UK. 
Consequently, no key information document required by the UK PRIIPs Regulation for 
offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.   
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of the EUWA; or

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Warrants to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Warrants. 
6 
Hong Kong 
Each Manager of an issue of Warrants acknowledges and agrees that the Warrants have 
not been authorised by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission.  Each 
Manager of an issue of Warrants, and each further Manager appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, and will be deemed to have 
represented and agreed, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any 
document, any Warrants other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") and any 
rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") 
or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not 
issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong 
or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Warrants, 
which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, 
the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of 
Hong Kong) other than with respect to Warrants which are or are intended to be 
disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" 
as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
7 
Singapore 
The Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore.  Each Manager or Purchaser of an issue of Warrants, and each 
further Manager appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant 
and agree, and will be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed, that the 
Warrants may not be offered or sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase nor may the Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase of any Warrants 
be circulated or distributed, whether directly or indirectly, to the public or any member of 
the public in Singapore other than:  
(a) 
to an institutional investor pursuant to Section 274 of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001, as amended (“SFA”);

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
(b) 
to a relevant person (as defined in section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
275(1) of the SFA or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or 
(c) 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Each Manager or Purchaser of an issue of Warrants, and each further Manager appointed 
under the Programme, will be required to further represent, warrant and agree, and will 
be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed to notify (whether through the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with 
the offer or sale or invitation for subscription or purchase of any Warrants or otherwise) 
each of the following relevant persons specified in Section 275 of the SFA which has 
subscribed or purchased Warrants from and through that Manager, namely a person 
who is: 
(1) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital 
of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited 
investor; or 
(2) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to 
hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an 
accredited investor, 
that securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 
2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever 
described) in that trust shall not be transferred within 6 months after that corporation or 
that trust has acquired the Warrants pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the 
SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor, or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from 
an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore. 
8 
Japan 
No Warrants of any Series have been or will be registered under the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the “Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act”) and, accordingly, each Manager of an issue of Warrants, and each 
further Manager appointed under the Programme, will be required to represent and agree 
that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Warrants, directly or indirectly 
in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein 
means any person resident in Japan including any corporation or other entity organised 
under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or re-sale directly or indirectly, in

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan. 
9 
Korea 
No Warrants of any Series have been or will be registered under the Financial Investment 
Services and Capital Markets Act of the Republic of Korea (“Korea”). 
Each Manager of an issue of Warrants, and each further Manager appointed under the 
Programme, will be required to represent and agree, and will be deemed to have 
represented and agreed, that Warrants have not been and will not be offered, delivered 
or sold directly or indirectly or offered, delivered or sold to any person for re-offering or 
resale directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident of Korea except as otherwise 
permitted under applicable Korean laws and regulations. Each Manager of an issue of 
Warrants has undertaken, and each further Manager appointed under the Programme 
will be required to undertake to ensure that any purchaser of the Warrants that is in Korea 
or is a resident of Korea that it is purchasing such Warrants as principal and pursuant to 
the applicable laws and regulations of Korea. 
10 
India 
Each Manager of an issue of Warrants acknowledges and agrees that Security Warrants 
where the underlying constitutes twenty percentage or more Indian securities will not be 
offered. The Warrants are not being offered to the Indian public for sale or subscription 
but are being privately placed with a limited number of sophisticated private and 
institutional investors. The Warrants are not registered and/or approved by the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India, The Reserve Bank of India or any other 
governmental/regulatory authority in India. This prospectus is not and should not be 
deemed to be a ‘prospectus’ as defined under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
(18 of 2013) and the same shall not be filed with any regulatory authority in India. Pursuant 
to the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the regulations issued there under, 
any investor resident in India may be required to obtain prior special permission of the 
Reserve Bank of India before making investments outside of India, including any 
investments mentioned in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer has neither obtained any 
approval from the Reserve Bank of India or any other regulatory authority in India nor does 
it intend to do so and hence any eligible investor who is resident of India will be entirely 
responsible for determining its eligibility to invest in the Warrants. 
11 
Canada 
The Warrants are not and will not be qualified for sale by a prospectus under the securities 
laws of any province or territory of Canada.  This Base Prospectus is not, and under no 
circumstances is to be construed as, an advertisement or a public offering of the Warrants 
in Canada. Any offer or sale of the Warrants in any province or territory of Canada will only 
be made on a private placement basis, under an exemption from the requirement to 
prepare and file a prospectus with the relevant securities regulatory authorities. The 
Warrants will be subject to statutory hold periods in most Canadian jurisdictions. Any 
resale of the notes in Canada is restricted and must be made under applicable securities 
laws, which may vary depending on the relevant jurisdiction, and which may require 
resales to be made under available statutory exemptions or under a discretionary 
exemption granted by the applicable Canadian securities regulatory authority. No 
securities regulatory authority has expressed an opinion about these securities and it is

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
an offence to claim otherwise. Each purchaser of the Warrants, Manager of an issue of 
Warrants, and each further Manager appointed under the Programme, will be required to 
represent and agree, and will be deemed to have represented and agreed, that:  
(a)  
the Warrants have not been qualified for distribution by a prospectus under the 
securities laws of any province or territory of Canada;  
(b)  
it has not offered, sold, delivered, resold or transferred and will not offer, sell, 
deliver, resell or transfer any Warrants, directly or indirectly, in any province or 
territory of Canada or to or for the benefit of any resident of Canada, other than in 
compliance with the applicable securities laws of any province or territory of 
Canada; and  
(c)  
it has not and will not distribute or deliver the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms, 
advertisement or other offering material relating to the Warrants in Canada, other 
than in compliance with the applicable securities laws of any province or territory 
of Canada. 
12 
People’s Republic of China 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to 
buy, any Warrants in the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and 
Taiwan) (“PRC”) to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in 
the PRC. 
The Warrants may not be offered, sold or delivered, or offered, sold or delivered to any 
person for reoffering or resale or redelivery, in any such case directly or indirectly (i) by 
means of any advertisement, invitation, document or activity which is directed at, or the 
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in the PRC, or (ii) to any 
person within the PRC other than in full compliance with the relevant laws and regulations 
of the PRC, including but not limited to the PRC Securities Law, the Company Law and/or 
The Provisional Administrative Measures on Derivatives Business of Financial Institutions 
(as amended). Neither this Base Prospectus nor any material or information contained or 
incorporated by reference herein relating to the Programme or any advertisement or other 
offering material, in each case which have not been and will not be submitted to or 
approved/verified by or registered with the China Securities Regulatory Commission or 
other relevant governmental authorities in the PRC, may be supplied to the public in the 
PRC or used in connection with any offer for the subscription, purchase or sale of the 
Warrants other than in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations in the PRC.  
PRC investors are responsible for obtaining all relevant government regulatory 
approvals/licences, verification and/or registrations themselves, including, but not limited 
to, those which may be required by the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the 
State Administration of Foreign Exchange and/or the China Banking Regulatory 
Commission, and complying with all relevant PRC laws and regulations, including, but not 
limited to, all relevant foreign exchange regulations and/or securities investment 
regulations. 
The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or 
that Warrants may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in PRC, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitation any such distribution of offering.  In particular no action 
has been taken by the Issuer which would permit a public offering of any Warrants or

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
distribution of this document in the PRC.  Accordingly, the Warrants are not being offered 
or sold within the PRC by means of this Base Prospectus or any other document. 
 
13 
Malaysia 
No proposal has been made, or will be made, to the Securities Commission of Malaysia 
for the approval of the issue or sale of the Warrants in Malaysia.  Accordingly, each 
purchaser or subscriber of the Warrants will be deemed to represent and agree that it 
has not offered, sold, transferred or disposed, and will not offer, sell, transfer or dispose 
of, any Warrants, nor has it made, or will it make, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material the subject of an offer or invitation for subscription or purchase of 
any Warrants, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Malaysia other than pursuant 
to an offer or invitation as specified in Schedule 6 of the Capital Markets and Services Act 
2007 or as prescribed by the Minister of Finance under paragraph 229 (1) of the Capital 
Markets and Services Act 2007 and subject to the observance of all applicable laws and 
regulations in any jurisdiction (including Malaysia). 
 
14 
Taiwan 
The Warrants have not been, and will not be, registered with the Financial Supervisory 
Commission of Taiwan, the Republic of China (“Taiwan”) pursuant to applicable securities 
laws and regulations.  No person or entity in Taiwan is authorised to distribute or 
otherwise intermediate the offering of the Warrants or the provision of information relating 
to the Programme, including, but not limited to, this Base Prospectus.  The Warrants may 
be made available for purchase outside Taiwan by investors residing in Taiwan (either 
directly or through properly licensed Taiwan intermediaries acting on behalf of such 
investors), but may not be issued, offered or sold in Taiwan. 
 
15 
Changes to these selling restrictions  
These selling restrictions may be changed by the Issuer including following a change, in 
or clarification of, a relevant law, regulation, directive, request or guideline having the force 
of law or compliance with which is in accordance with the practice of responsible financial 
institutions in the country or jurisdiction concerned or any change in or introduction of any 
of them or in their interpretation or administration.  Any change will be set out in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Persons in whose hands this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and the 
Managers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction 
in which they purchase, offer, sell, transfer or deliver Warrants or have in their possession 
or distribute such offering material and to obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by them for the purchase, offer, sale, transfer or delivery by them of any Warrants 
under the law and regulations in force in any country or jurisdiction to which they are 
subject or in which they make such purchases, offers, sales, transfers or deliveries, in all 
cases at their own expense, and neither the Issuer Bank nor any Manager shall have 
responsibility therefore.  In accordance with the above, any Warrant purchased by any 
person which it wishes to offer for sale or resale may not be offered in any country or 
jurisdiction in circumstances which would result in either Issuer being obliged to register 
this Base Prospectus or any further prospectus or corresponding document relating to 
the Warrants in such country or jurisdiction.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
Taxation 
General 
Purchasers of Warrants may be required to pay stamp taxes and other charges in accordance 
with the laws and practices of the country of purchase in addition to the issue price of each 
Warrant. 
TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING WARRANTS MAY HAVE TAX CONSEQUENCES FOR POTENTIAL 
PURCHASERS WHICH MAY DEPEND, AMONGST OTHER THINGS, UPON THE STATUS OF 
THE POTENTIAL PURCHASER AND LAWS RELATING TO TRANSFER AND REGISTRATION 
TAXES.  POTENTIAL PURCHASERS WHO ARE IN ANY DOUBT ABOUT THE TAX POSITION OF 
ANY ASPECT OF TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING WARRANTS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN 
TAX ADVISERS. 
Condition 11 (“Expenses and Taxation”) on page 69 of this Base Prospectus should be 
considered carefully by all potential purchasers of any Warrants. 
Australian withholding taxes 
Prospective Warrantholders should be aware that the final terms of issue of any Series of Warrants 
will affect the Australian tax treatment of that Series of Warrants. 
This summary is a general guide and should be treated with appropriate caution.  Prospective 
Warrantholders should consult their professional advisers on the tax implications of an investment 
in the Warrants for their particular circumstances. 
The Warrants may be issued by the Issuer acting through its Head Office in Sydney (“MBL Head 
Office”) or through any of its branches outside of Australia as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or as agreed with the relevant Manager (“MBL Foreign Branch”).  There may be different Australian 
withholding tax consequences depending upon whether the Warrants are issued by MBL Head 
Office or by an MBL Foreign Branch. 
(i) 
Introduction 
The following is a summary of the Australian withholding taxes that could be relevant in 
relation to the issue, transfer and settlement of the Warrants. This summary is not 
exhaustive and does not deal with: 
• 
any other Australian tax aspects of acquiring, holding or disposing of the Warrants 
(including Australian income taxes); 
• 
the position of certain classes of Warrantholders; or 
• 
the Australian tax aspects of acquiring, holding or disposing of the relevant 
Reference Assets if the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants. 
The Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 of Australia (“Australian Tax Act”) characterises 
securities as either "debt interests" (for all entities) or "equity interests" (for companies) 
including for the purposes of Australian interest withholding tax imposed under Division 
11A of Part III of the Australian Tax Act ("IWT") and dividend withholding tax ("DWT"). IWT 
is payable at a rate of 10 per cent. of the gross amount of interest paid by MBL to a non-
resident of Australia (other than a non-resident acting at or through a permanent 
establishment in Australia) or an Australian resident acting at or through a permanent

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
establishment outside Australia unless an exemption is available or the payments of 
interest on the Warrants are wholly incurred by MBL in carrying on a business in a country 
outside Australia through a permanent establishment of MBL in that country. For these 
purposes, interest is defined in section 128A(1AB) of the Australian Tax Act to include 
amounts in the nature of, or in substitution for, interest and certain other amounts. 
 
(ii) 
Australian interest withholding tax 
Payments made in respect of Warrants issued by MBL Head Office which are not 
“interest” for the purposes Division 11A of Part III to the Australian Tax Act, may be made 
without any withholding or deduction for or on account of Australian IWT.  For these 
purposes, “interest” includes any amount in the nature of, or in substitution for, interest 
and certain other amounts. 
Unless an exemption applies or the payments of interest on the Warrants are wholly 
incurred by MBL in carrying on a business in a country outside Australia through a 
permanent establishment of MBL in that country, “interest” paid by MBL in relation to the 
Warrants to a non-resident of Australia (other than a non-resident acting at or through a 
permanent establishment in Australia) or a resident acting at or through a permanent 
establishment outside Australia will be subject to IWT.  
 
An exemption from Australian IWT is available in respect of Warrants issued by MBL if 
those Warrants are characterised as "debentures" and are not characterised as "equity 
interests" for the purposes of the Australian Tax Act and the requirements of section 128F 
of the Australian Tax Act are satisfied. Where “interest” is payable, MBL intends to issue 
Warrants which will be characterised as "debentures" and are not "equity interests" for 
these purposes and which will satisfy the requirements of section 128F of the Australian 
Tax Act.  
 
The requirements that must be satisfied for an exemption from IWT in section 128F to 
apply in respect of the Warrants are as follows:  
 
(i)  
MBL is a company as defined in section 128F(9) of the Australian Tax Act and is 
a resident of Australia when it issues those Warrants and when interest is paid;  
(ii)  
those Warrants are issued in a manner which satisfies the public offer test. There 
are five principal methods of satisfying the public offer test, the purpose of which 
is to ensure that lenders in capital markets are aware that MBL is offering those 
Warrants for issue. In summary, the five methods are:  
 
(a)  
offers to 10 or more unrelated financiers or securities dealers or entities 
that carry on the business of investing in securities;  
(b)  
offers to 100 or more investors of a certain type;  
(c)  
offers of listed Warrants;  
(d)  
offers as a result of negotiations initiated via publicly available information 
sources; and  
(e)  
offers to a dealer, manager or underwriter who offers to sell those 
Warrants within 30 days by one of the preceding methods;

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
(iii)  
MBL does not know, or have reasonable grounds to suspect, at the time of issue, 
that those Warrants or interests in those Warrants were being, or would later be, 
acquired, directly or indirectly, by an "associate" of MBL, except as permitted by 
section 128F(5) of the Australian Tax Act; and  
(iv)  
at the time of the payment of interest, MBL does not know, or have reasonable 
grounds to suspect, that the payee is an "associate" of MBL, except as permitted 
by section 128F(6) of the Australian Tax Act.  
 
Interest withholding tax exemptions under certain double tax conventions  
 
The Australian government has signed double tax conventions ("Double Tax Treaties") 
with a number of countries (each a "Specified Country"), under which an exemption from 
IWT is available in certain circumstances. In broad terms, the Double Tax Treaties 
effectively prevent IWT applying to interest derived by:  
 
▪ 
the government of the relevant Specified Country and certain governmental 
authorities and agencies in the Specified Country; and  
▪ 
a "financial institution" which is a resident of a "Specified Country" and which is 
unrelated to and dealing wholly independently with MBL. The term "financial 
institution" refers to either a bank or any other form of enterprise which 
substantially derives its profits by carrying on a business of raising and providing 
finance. (However, interest paid under a back-to-back loan or an economically 
equivalent arrangement will not qualify for this exemption.)  
 
The availability of relief under a Double Tax Treaty may be limited by Australia’s adoption 
of the Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax Treaty Related Measures to Prevent Base 
Erosion and Profit Shifting in circumstances where a holder of a Warrant has an insufficient 
connection with the relevant jurisdiction. Prospective holders of Warrants should obtain 
their own independent tax advice as to whether any of the exemptions under the relevant 
Double Tax Treaties may apply to their particular circumstances. 
(iii) 
Australian dividend withholding tax  
Australia may impose DWT at a rate of up to 30% on unfranked distributions (which may 
be reduced under an applicable double tax convention) paid in respect of equity interests 
held in an Australian company.  However, to the extent that a Warrantholder does not 
hold an equity interest (and, therefore, receive any distributions), there should be no DWT 
imposed on any amounts received in respect of the Warrants. 
(iv) 
Tax File Number (“TFN”) and Australian Business Number (“ABN”) 
The Warrants should not be characterised as an “investment” to which Part VA of the 
Australian Tax Act applies.  Therefore, the Warrants should be unaffected by the TFN 
quotation rules and there is no need for an investor to quote their TFN in connection with 
the acquisition of the Warrants. 
However, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants where a Warrantholder takes delivery 
of a Reference Asset at Settlement, an investor may be requested by the relevant investee 
company or entity for the provision of their TFN (or, in certain circumstances, their ABN).  
Whilst an investor is not required to provide their TFN (or ABN) to the relevant investee 
company or entity, investors that do not provide their TFN, or, in certain circumstances,

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
their ABN, or other exemption details, may have tax withheld from dividends, interest and 
other income payments at the highest marginal tax rate in Australia plus the Medicare 
Levy (in aggregate, currently 47%).  
(v) 
Supply withholding taxes 
The Warrants should not be subject to any “supply withholding tax” imposed under 
section 12-190 of Schedule 1 to the Taxation Administration Act 1953 (Cth) of Australia 
(“Taxation Administration Act”). 
(vi) 
Goods and services tax (“GST”) 
None of the issue or receipt of the Warrants, the payments on the Warrants by Macquarie 
nor the redemption of Warrants will give rise to any GST liability in Australia. In the event 
that there is physical delivery of securities on redemption, no GST liability will arise in 
Australia. 
(vii) 
Stamp duty 
No stamp duty will be payable in Australia on the issue, transfer or redemption of the 
Warrants. In relation to physically settled Warrants, a stamp duty liability could arise in 
Australia, but no such duty should arise if the securities being transferred on physical 
settlement are listed on the Australian Stock Exchange or other exchange that is a 
member of the World Federation of Exchanges, and the securities being transferred do 
not represent a shareholding or unit-holding of 90% or more in the entity whose securities 
are being transferred. 
(viii) 
Additional withholdings from certain payments to non-Australian residents 
The Governor-General may make regulations requiring withholding from certain payments 
to non-Australian residents (other than payments of interest or other amounts which are 
already subject to the current IWT rules or specifically exempt from those rules). 
Regulations may only be made if the responsible Minister is satisfied the specified 
payments are of a kind that could reasonably relate to assessable income of foreign 
residents. The possible application of any future regulations to the proceeds of any sale 
of the Warrants will need to be monitored. 
(ix) 
Garnishee directions by the Commissioner of Taxation (“Commissioner”) 
The Commissioner may give a direction under section 255 of the Australian Tax Act or 
section 260-5 of Schedule 1 of the Taxation Administration Act (or any other analogous 
provision under another statute) requiring the Issuer to deduct from any payment to any 
other entity (including any Warrantholder) any amount in respect of tax payable by that 
other entity.  If the Issuer is served with such a direction in respect of a Warrantholder, 
then the Issuer will comply with that direction and, accordingly, will make any deduction 
or withholding in connection with that direction. 
For example, in broad terms, if an amount was owing by the Issuer to a Warrantholder 
and that Warrantholder had an outstanding Australian tax-related liability owing to the 
Commissioner, the Commissioner may issue a notice to the Issuer requiring the Issuer to 
pay the Commissioner instead the amount owing to the Warrantholder. 
(x) 
Issuer required to make a withholding or deduction on account of taxes

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
As set out in more detail in Condition 11 of this Base Prospectus, all payments made by 
the Issuer in respect of the Warrants will be made net of any withholding or deduction on 
account of taxes. 
Whether or not the relevant withholding or deduction will be required to be made by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or another entity on behalf of the Issuer (for example, the Paying 
Agent) will depend on the nature of the particular withholding or deduction, the character 
of the relevant payment and the Final Terms for that Series of Warrants. 
United Kingdom Taxation 
The following is a summary of the Issuer's understanding of certain aspects of the United 
Kingdom withholding tax, stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax positions relating to the 
Warrants and is based on current law and published HM Revenue and Customs practice.  Some 
aspects do not apply to certain classes of person (such as dealers and persons connected with 
the Issuer) to whom special rules may apply.  The United Kingdom tax treatment of prospective 
Warrantholders depends on their individual circumstances and on the precise terms of any given 
Warrants and may be subject to change in the future.  Prospective Warrantholders who may be 
subject to tax in a jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom or who may be unsure as to their 
tax position should seek their own professional advice.   
(i) 
Withholding taxes 
1. 
Annual payments 
 
Payments made on the Warrants by way of coupon which are treated as annual 
payments may be made without deduction of or withholding on account of United 
Kingdom income tax if those payments do not have a United Kingdom source. 
If any such payments have a United Kingdom source then an amount may be 
required to be withheld on account of United Kingdom income tax at the basic 
rate (currently 20%). 
2. 
Manufactured payments 
 
An amount may be required to be withheld from payments on the Warrants which 
are “manufactured payments” and are made by the Issuer in the course of a trade 
carried on through a branch or agency in the United Kingdom. 
To be a “manufactured payment” the payment must be made under arrangements 
which relate to the transfer of securities (for example, Warrants which provide for 
Physical Delivery) and the payment must be representative of a dividend or of 
interest payable on those securities.  A “manufactured payment” will only be 
subject to withholding if: those securities are issued by a company UK real estate 
investment trust or by the principal company of a group UK real estate investment 
trust or the payment is representative of interest on securities issued by the 
government, a local authority or any other public authority of the United Kingdom 
or on securities (other than shares) issued by a company or other body which is 
resident in the United Kingdom. 
3. 
Interest 
 
For the purposes of this paragraph, references to “interest” are to payments which 
constitute interest for United Kingdom tax purposes and this may differ from any

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
other meaning given to that term under any other law or under the terms and 
conditions of the Warrants.  It is possible, depending on the precise terms of the 
Warrant in question, that payments made on a Warrant by way of coupon or on 
exercise could constitute interest for these purposes. 
Payments on the Warrants which constitute interest may be made without 
deduction of or withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax if those 
payments do not have a United Kingdom source. 
If any payments on the Warrants constitute interest and have a United Kingdom 
source, the Issuer, provided that it continues to be a bank within the meaning of 
section 991 of the Income Tax Act 2007, and provided that any such payments 
are made in the ordinary course of its business within the meaning of section 878 
of that Act, will be entitled to make such payments without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax.   
Payments on the Warrants which constitute United Kingdom source interest may 
also be made without deduction of or withholding on account of United Kingdom 
income tax provided that the Warrants are and continue to be listed on a 
"recognised stock exchange" within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income 
Tax Act 2007.  The Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a recognised stock exchange.  
The Warrants will satisfy this requirement if they are officially listed in Luxembourg 
in accordance with provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in EEA 
states and are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
Provided, therefore, that the Warrants are and remain so listed, interest on the 
Warrants which has a United Kingdom source will be payable without withholding 
or deduction on account of United Kingdom tax.  
In other cases, an amount must generally be withheld from payments of interest 
on the Warrants that has a United Kingdom source on account of United Kingdom 
income tax at the basic rate (currently 20%).    
4. 
Derivative contracts 
 
All payments on a Warrant may be made without deduction of or withholding on 
account of United Kingdom income tax (and so paragraphs 1 to 3 above do not 
apply to such payments) if the Warrant is issued by the Issuer as part of a trade 
to the extent carried on in the United Kingdom through a United Kingdom 
permanent establishment, and the profits and losses arising from the Warrant are 
calculated in accordance with Part 7 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009 (“derivative 
contracts”). 
5. 
Other matters 
 
 
Where an applicable double tax treaty provides for a lower rate of withholding tax 
(or for no tax to be withheld) in relation to a Warrantholder, HMRC can issue a 
notice to the Issuer to pay interest to the Warrantholder without deduction of tax 
(or for payments to be made with tax deducted at the rate provided for in the 
relevant double tax treaty).

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
6. 
Further United Kingdom Income Tax Issues  
 
Payments on the Warrants that constitute United Kingdom source income for tax 
purposes may, as such, be subject to income tax by direct assessment even 
where paid without withholding. 
However, payments which are either interest or annual payments (but not 
miscellaneous income) with a United Kingdom source received without deduction 
or withholding on account of United Kingdom tax will not be chargeable to United 
Kingdom tax in the hands of a Warrantholder (other than certain trustees) who is 
not resident for tax purposes in the United Kingdom unless that Warrantholder 
carries on a trade, profession or vocation in the United Kingdom.  There are 
exemptions for payments received by certain categories of agent (such as some 
brokers and investment managers). The provisions of an applicable double 
taxation treaty may also be relevant for such Warrantholders. 
(ii) 
Stamp Duty and Stamp Duty Reserve Tax (SDRT) 
1. 
Issue 
In relation to Warrants which provide for Physical Delivery and which for SDRT 
purposes constitute agreements to transfer an Entitlement, a charge may arise on 
issue unless the Entitlement to be delivered on settlement is not or are not 
“chargeable securities”.  In general terms, Entitlements which: 
(a) 
are not interests in unit trust schemes; 
 
 
(b) 
are issued by a body corporate incorporated outside of the United 
Kingdom; 
 
(c) 
are not registered in a register kept in the United Kingdom; and 
 
(d) 
do not give its holder the right to subscribe for, or otherwise acquire, a 
security (or an interest in, or right arising out of, a security) registered in a 
register kept in the United Kingdom, 
 
are not “chargeable securities”. 
 
 
A Global Warrant or any instrument granting a Global Warrant may be subject to 
United Kingdom stamp duty if it is executed in the United Kingdom or if it relates 
to any property situate, or to any matter or thing done or to be done, in the United 
Kingdom.  Prospective purchasers of Warrants may wish to note, however, that, 
in the context of retail covered warrants listed on the London Stock Exchange, 
HM Revenue & Customs has indicated that no charge to stamp duty will arise on 
the grant of such warrants if cash-settled.  It is not clear whether or not HMRC 
would be prepared to take such a view in relation to Warrants generally and in 
particular in relation to Warrants which provide for Physical Delivery.  Even if an 
instrument is subject to United Kingdom stamp duty, there may be no practical 
necessity to pay that stamp duty, as United Kingdom stamp duty is not an 
assessable tax.  However, an instrument which is not duly stamped cannot be 
used for certain purposes in the United Kingdom; for example it will be 
inadmissible in evidence in civil proceedings in a United Kingdom court. 
 
2.  
Transfer

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
Stamp duty is chargeable on written instruments, and if transfers of Warrants are 
effected through a clearing system otherwise than by way of written instrument 
then generally no stamp duty should arise in respect of such a transfer.  If a written 
instrument is used in respect of a transfer by way of sale, then any such instrument 
which is executed in the United Kingdom or which (if not executed in the United 
Kingdom) relates to any matter or thing done or to be done in the United Kingdom 
may be subject to stamp duty.  Stamp duty would be charged at 0.5 per cent. of 
the sale consideration.  If the consideration paid for a transfer of such Warrants is 
£1,000 or less and the instrument transferring the Warrants includes an 
appropriate certificate the stamp duty payable will be reduced to nil. 
 
SDRT at 0.5% may be payable in relation to any agreement to transfer Warrants 
that provide for Physical Delivery either mandatorily or at the option of the 
Warrantholder, or otherwise give the Warrantholder the right to acquire stock, 
shares or loan capital (or interests in or rights arising out of stock, shares or loan 
capital) which stock, shares or loan capital: 
 
(a) 
are registered in a register kept in the United Kingdom by or on behalf of 
the body corporate by which they are issued or raised, unless they are 
"exempt loan capital" (that is they are exempt under section 79 of the 
Finance Act 1986); or 
 
(b) 
in the case of shares, are paired with shares issued by a body corporate 
incorporated in the United Kingdom. 
3.  
Exercise and redemption 
Stamp duty and SDRT may also be payable on a settlement of the Warrants that 
involves the delivery of an asset other than cash. 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following information is of a general nature only and purports to set out certain material 
Luxembourg tax consequences of purchasing, owning and disposing of the Warrants. It does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all possible tax situations that may be relevant to a decision 
to purchase, own or dispose of the Warrants. It is included herein solely for preliminary information 
purposes. It is not intended to be, nor should it construed to be, legal or tax advice. Prospective 
purchasers of the Warrants should consult their own tax advisers as to the applicable tax 
consequences of the ownership of the Warrants, based on their particular circumstances. This 
information does not allow any conclusions to be drawn with respect to issues not specifically 
addressed. The following description of Luxembourg tax law is based upon the Luxembourg law 
and regulations as in effect and as interpreted by the Luxembourg tax authorities on the date of 
this Base Prospectus and is subject to any amendments in law (or in interpretation) later 
introduced, whether or not on a retroactive basis. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies 
for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to 
a tax, duty, levy impost or other charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg 
tax law and/or concepts only. Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax 
encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax 
(impôt commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge (contribution au fonds pour l’emploi), as well 
as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. Investors may further be subject to net 
wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, 
municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most corporate

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
taxpayers resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject to 
personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an 
individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business 
undertaking, municipal business tax may apply as well.  
In general, Luxembourg based investors must note that Luxembourg tax legislation may have an 
impact on the income received from the Warrants.  
Withholding Tax  
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Warrants 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax upon 
exercise, settlement or disposal of the Warrants. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Warrants 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 
December 2005, as amended (the Relibi Law), there is no withholding tax upon exercise, 
settlement or disposal of the Warrants. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of 
Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20%. Such withholding tax will be in 
full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of 
the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will 
be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments under the Warrants coming 
within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20%.  
United States Taxation 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Legislation commonly referred to as “FATCA” generally imposes withholding tax of 30 percent on 
payments to certain non-U.S. entities (including financial intermediaries) with respect to certain 
financial instruments, unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements 
have been satisfied. An intergovernmental agreement between the United States and the non–
U.S. entities’ jurisdiction may modify these requirements.  
 
Pursuant to U.S. Treasury Regulations, this legislation generally will apply to (1) Warrants that pay 
U.S. source interest or other U.S source “fixed or determinable annual or periodic” (“FDAP”); 
income and (2) Warrants issued from 2018 through 2024 that are “delta-one” and could be 
treated as paying dividend equivalents pursuant to Section 871 (m) of the Internal Revenue Code 
(see detailed discussions below). Withholding (if applicable) will apply to payments of interest and 
FDAP income. 
 
Macquarie Bank is classified as a “foreign financial institution” (“FFI”) and expects that compliance 
with FATCA will require substantial investment in documentation and reporting framework. In the 
absence of compliance with FATCA, Macquarie Bank could be exposed to a withholding tax 
which would reduce the cash available to be paid by Macquarie Bank. In addition, under FATCA, 
Macquarie Bank or other financial institutions through which payments on the Warrants are made 
or through which an investor owns its Warrants may be required to withhold amounts on the 
Warrants if (i) there is a "non-participating" non-U.S. financial institution in the payment chain or 
(ii) the Warrants are treated as "financial accounts" for purposes of FATCA and the investor does 
not provide certain information, which may include the name, address and taxpayer identification 
number with respect to direct and certain indirect U.S. investors.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
The Australian and the U.S. Governments signed an IGA ("IGA") in respect of FATCA on 28 April 
2014. Under the IGA, Australian FFIs will generally be able to be treated as "deemed compliant" 
with FATCA. Depending on the nature of the relevant FFI, FATCA Withholding may not be required 
from payments made with respect to the Warrants other than in certain prescribed 
circumstances. However, under the IGA, an FFI may be required to provide the Australian 
Taxation Office with information on financial accounts (for example, the Warrants) held by U.S. 
persons or persons who should otherwise be treated as holding a “United States Account” of 
Macquarie Bank and on payments made to non-participating FFIs. Consequently, Warrantholders 
may be requested to provide certain information and certifications to Macquarie Bank and to any 
other financial institution through which payments on the Warrants are made in order for 
Macquarie Bank and other such financial institutions to comply with their FATCA obligations. 
 
Macquarie Bank expects to be treated as a Reporting FI pursuant to the IGA and does not 
anticipate being obliged to deduct any withholding on account of FATCA (“FATCA Withholding”) 
on payments it makes. Macquarie Bank also expects that any branch through which it issues 
Warrants will be treated as a Reporting FI pursuant to an IGA. There can be no assurance, 
however, that Macquarie Bank, or any branch through which it issues Warrants, will be treated 
as a Reporting FI or that it would in the future not be required to deduct FATCA Withholding from 
payments it makes. 
 
If withholding applies to the Warrants, Macquarie Bank will not be required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to amounts withheld. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax 
advisers regarding FATCA, including the availability of certain refunds or credits. 
 
Whilst the Warrants are in global form and held within the clearing systems, in all but the most 
remote circumstances, it is not expected that FATCA will affect the amount of any payment 
received by the clearing systems. However, FATCA may affect payments made to custodians or 
intermediaries in the subsequent payment chain leading to the ultimate investor if any such 
custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. It 
also may affect payment to any ultimate investor that is a financial institution that is not entitled to 
receive payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate investor that fails to provide its 
broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with any information, 
forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for the payments to be made 
free of FATCA withholding. Investors should choose the custodians or intermediaries with care 
(to ensure each is compliant with FATCA or other laws or agreements related to FATCA), provide 
each custodian or intermediary with any information, forms, other documentation or consents 
that may be necessary for such custodian or intermediary to make a payment free of FATCA 
withholding. Investors should consult their own tax adviser to obtain a more detailed explanation 
of FATCA and how FATCA may affect them. The Issuer’s obligations under the Warrants are 
discharged once it has paid the common depositary or common safekeeper for the clearing 
systems (as bearer or registered holder of the Warrants) and the Issuer has therefore no 
responsibility for any amount thereafter transmitted through hands of the clearing systems and 
custodians or intermediaries. 
 
If an amount in respect of FATCA Withholding were to be deducted or withheld any payments 
made in respect of the Warrants, neither Macquarie Bank nor any paying agent nor any other 
person would, pursuant to the conditions of the Warrants, be required to pay additional amounts 
as a result of the deduction or withholding. As a result, investors may receive less payments than 
expected.  
 
Section 871(m): "U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding"

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
Section 871(m) of the Internal Revenue Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder (Section 
871(m)) impose a 30 per cent. (or lower treaty rate) withholding tax on "dividend equivalents" paid 
or deemed paid to non U.S. Warrantholders with respect to certain financial instruments linked 
to U.S. equities (“U.S. Underlying Equities”) or indices that include U.S. Underlying Equities. 
Section 871(m) generally applies to “specified equity instruments” (“Specified ELIs”), which are 
financial instruments that substantially replicate the economic performance of one or more U.S. 
Underlying Equities, as determined based on tests set forth in the applicable Treasury Regulations 
and discussed further below. Section 871(m) provides certain exceptions to this withholding 
regime, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices that meet requirements 
set forth in the applicable Treasury Regulations (“Qualified Indices”) as well as securities that track 
such indices (“Qualified Index Securities”). Although the Section 871(m) regime was effective as 
of 2017, the regulations and IRS Notice 2022-37 phase in the application of Section 871(m) as 
follows: For financial instruments issued from 2018 through 2024, Section 871(m) will generally 
apply only to financial instruments that have a "delta" of one. 
 
After 2024, Section 871(m) will apply, if, either (i) the "delta" of the relevant financial instrument is 
at least 0.80, if it is a "simple" contract, or (ii) the financial instrument meets a "substantial 
equivalence" test, if it is a "complex" contract.   
 
Delta is generally defined as the ratio of the change in the fair market value of a financial instrument 
to a small change in the fair market value of the number of shares of the U.S. Underlying Equity.  
The "substantial equivalence" test measures whether a complex contract tracks its "initial hedge" 
(shares of the U.S. Underlying Equity that would fully hedge the contract) more closely than would 
a "benchmark" simple contract with a delta of 0.80. 
 
The calculations are generally made at the “calculation date,” which is the earlier of (i) the time of 
pricing of the Warrant, i.e., when all material terms have been agreed on, and (ii) the issuance of 
the Warrant. However, if the time of pricing is more than 14 calendar days before the issuance of 
the Warrant, the calculation date is the date of the issuance of the Warrant. Under these rules, 
information regarding the Issuer’s final determinations for purposes of Section 871(m) may be 
available only after a non-U.S. Warrantholder agrees to acquire a Warrant. As a result, a non-U.S. 
Warrantholder should acquire such a Warrant only if it is willing to accept the risk that the Warrant 
is treated as a Specified ELI subject to withholding under Section 871(m).  
 
If the terms of a Warrant are subject to a "significant modification" (for example, upon an Issuer 
substitution) the Warrant generally will be treated as reissued for this purpose at the time of the 
significant modification, in which case the Warrants could become Specified ELIs at that time.  
 
If a Warrant is a Specified ELI, withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will, depending on 
the applicable withholding agent’s circumstances, generally be required either (i) on the underlying 
dividend payment date or (ii) when cash payments are made on the Warrant or upon the date of 
maturity, lapse or other disposition by the non-U.S. Warrantholder of the Warrant, or possibly 
upon certain other events. Depending on the circumstances, the applicable withholding agent 
may withhold the required amounts from coupon or other payments on the Warrant, from 
proceeds of the retirement or other disposition of the Warrant, or from other cash or property of 
the non-U.S. Warrantholder held by the withholding agent. 
 
The application of Section 871(m) to a Warrant may be affected if a non-U.S. Warrantholder enters 
into another transaction in connection with the acquisition of the Warrant. For example, if a non-
U.S. Warrantholder enters into other transactions relating to a U.S. Underlying Equity, the non-
U.S. Warrantholder could be subject to withholding tax or income tax liability under Section 
871(m) even if the relevant Warrants are not Specified ELIs subject to Section 871(m) as a general

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
matter. Non-U.S. Warrantholders should consult their tax advisers regarding the application of 
Section 871(m) in their particular circumstances. 
 
The U.S. federal income tax discussion set forth above is included for general information only 
and may not be applicable depending upon a Warrantholder's particular situation. Warrantholders 
should consult their tax advisers with respect to the tax consequences to them of the ownership 
and disposition of the Warrants, including the tax consequences under state, local, non-U.S. and 
other tax laws and the possible effects of changes in federal or other tax. 
 
Common Reporting Standard 
 
The OECD Common Reporting Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account 
Information (“CRS”) requires certain financial institutions to report information regarding certain 
accounts (which may include the Warrants) to their local tax authority and follow related due 
diligence procedures.  Warrantholders may be requested to provide certain information and 
certifications to ensure compliance with the CRS.  A jurisdiction that has signed a CRS 
Competent Authority Agreement may provide this information to other jurisdictions that have 
signed the CRS Competent Authority Agreement.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds realised from the issuance of Warrants under the Programme will be used by 
Macquarie Bank for the Group’s general corporate purposes.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
General Information 
Authorisation 
 
1 
Macquarie has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Australia 
in connection with the issue and performance of the Warrants. The establishment of the 
Programme and the issue of Warrants under it were duly authorised by Macquarie Bank 
on 22 February 2000 and the update of the Programme has been duly authorised by board 
delegated committees of Macquarie, most recently on 11 November 2022.  
 
Credit Ratings 
2 
As at the date of this document, Macquarie has long-term credit ratings as shown in the 
table below. Current credit ratings may be obtained at www.macquarie.com.  
 
 
Long-Term rating 
Fitch Ratings 
A 
Source: www.macquarie.com as at date of this document. 
 
Fitch Ratings Limited is registered as credit rating agencies in accordance with Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 
on credit rating agencies (as amended); as such it is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with 
such Regulation. 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 
3 
In accordance with Articles 25 and 26 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
this Base Prospectus has been prepared using the following Annexes as provided in the 
List of Annexes set out in Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980: 
 
• 
Annex 7: Registration document for wholesale non-equity securities; 
• 
Annex 15: Securities note for wholesale non-equity securities;  
• 
Annex 17: Securities giving rise to payment or delivery obligations linked to an 
underlying asset; and 
• 
Annex 28: List of additional information in final terms 
Auditor  
4 
The auditor of Macquarie Bank in Australia is PricewaterhouseCoopers.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
Other issuance under the Programme 
5 
If Macquarie Bank wishes to issue Warrants to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange in a form not contemplated by this Base Prospectus, it will issue a replacement 
Base Prospectus describing the form (and terms and conditions) of such Warrants. 
 
Documents available 
6 
For so long as any Warrants shall be outstanding or the Programme remains in effect, 
copies of the following documents may be inspected during normal business hours at, and 
copies of documents (c), (d) and (e) are available free of charge from, the specified office 
of the Principal Warrant Agent in London and the Warrant Agent for the time being in 
Luxembourg and/or from the principal administrative office of Macquarie Bank: 
 
(a) 
the constitution of Macquarie Bank (which is also available on the internet site: 
https://www.macquarie.com/au/en/investors/other-securities/macquarie-bank-
limited-warrant-programme.html); 
(b) 
the Warrant Agreement (which contains the form of the Global Warrant); 
(c) 
the 2021 annual report and the 2022 annual report of Macquarie Bank which 
include the audited annual financial statements of Macquarie Bank consolidated 
with its subsidiaries for the financial years ended 31 March 2021 and 31 March 
2022 and the auditor’s reports in respect of such financial statements; 
(d) 
the 2023 Interim Financial Report of Macquarie Bank which includes the 
unaudited financial statements of Macquarie Bank consolidated with its 
subsidiaries for the half year ended 30 September 2022 and the auditor’s review 
report in respect of such financial statements; 
(e) 
each Final Terms for Warrants that are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange; 
(f) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to the Base 
Prospectus;  
(g) 
in the case of a syndicated issue of listed Warrants, the syndication agreement (or 
equivalent document); and 
(h) 
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and 
statements by any expert any part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
This Base Prospectus, the Final Terms issued for each issue of Warrants to be listed on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the other documents incorporated by reference as 
set out in this Base Prospectus (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on pages 41 
to 44 inclusive of this Base Prospectus) will be published on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s internet site www.bourse.lu. 
 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the content of the websites referenced in this Base Prospectus 
does not form a part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
by the CSSF, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus. 
 
Clearing 
7 
The Warrants have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear.  The appropriate Common Code and International Securities Identification 
Number for each issue of Warrants allocated by Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If the Warrants of any series are to clear 
through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Australian approvals 
8 
No approvals are currently required under Australian law for or in connection with the issue 
of Warrants by Macquarie Bank or for, or in connection with, the performance and 
enforceability of such Warrants.  However, the Banking (Foreign Exchange) Regulations 
and other regulations in Australia prohibit payments, transactions and dealings with assets 
or named individuals or entities subject to international sanctions or associated with 
terrorism. 
 
Post issuance information 
9 
Macquarie Bank does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to 
any assets underlying an issue of Warrants constituting derivative securities. 
 
Yield 
10 
In relation to any Warrant, an indication of the yield in respect of such Warrant, if applicable, 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated as at the Issue Date 
of the Warrant on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated 
as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Warrant and will not be an indication of 
future yield.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
Directory 
ISSUER 
 
Macquarie Bank Limited 
50 Martin Place 
Sydney   NSW   2000 
Australia 
Telephone:  +61 2 8232 3573 
Facsimile:  +61 2 8232 6882 
Attention:  Head of Legal (Commodities and Global Markets) 
 
 
PRINCIPAL WARRANT AGENT 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
Telephone:  +44 (020) 7545 8000 
Facsimile:  +44 (020) 7547 5782 
Attention:  Trust & Securities Services 
 
 
LUXEMBOURG WARRANT AGENT 
 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
 
REGISTRAR 
 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 
Luxembourg 
 
AUDITORS to the Issuer 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
One International Towers Sydney 
Watermans Quay 
Barangaroo NSW 2000 
Australia