--- Page 1 ---
Macquarie Bank Limited, London Branch
Macquarie Bank Europe Designated Activity Company
MACQUARIE BANK LIMITED, LONDON BRANCH
(ACN 008 583 542)
(incorporated with limited liability in the Commonwealth of Australia)
INDEX-LINKED NOTE AND CERTIFICATE PROGRAMME
Under this Index-linked Note and Certificate Programme (the “Programme”), Macquarie Bank Limited, 
London Branch (the “Issuer”) may from time to time issue direct, unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unconditional notes (“Notes”) or certificates (“Certificates” and, together with Notes, “Instruments”). 
Instruments relating to a specified index or basket of indices (“Index-linked Instruments”) may be issued on 
the terms set out in this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms prepared in connection with such 
Tranche (the “Final Terms”). Instruments may also be issued under the Programme on terms set out in a 
pricing supplement or a prospectus, incorporating by reference the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus 
(a “Pricing Supplement” or a “Series Prospectus”, respectively) (or by any other similar document, which 
together with a Pricing Supplement and a Series Prospectus, are the “Alternative Drawdown Documents” 
and each an “Alternative Drawdown Document”). Alternative Drawdown Documents will only be used to 
issue Instruments pursuant to an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of 
securities under the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”).
Each issue of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein which are relevant to such Notes under “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes” on pages 41 to 85 of this Base Prospectus (the “Note Conditions”). Each issue 
of Certificates will be issued on the terms set out herein which are relevant to such Certificates under “Terms 
and Conditions of the Certificates” on pages 98 to 108 of this Base Prospectus (the “Certificate Conditions” 
and together with the Note Conditions, the “Base Conditions”). Index-linked Instruments may be issued 
under the Programme. The reference indices may include without limitation commodity indices and 
proprietary indices. Index-linked Instruments will be issued on the basis of the relevant Base Conditions, as 
supplemented by applicable product specific conditions. The product specific conditions applicable to 
Commodity Index-linked Instruments are contained in the Commodity Index-linked Conditions, on pages 117
to 122 of this Base Prospectus. Additional product specific conditions will be provided for other reference 
indices, including proprietary indices (including indices provided by or on behalf of the Issuer), and will be set 
out in an Alternative Drawdown Document. Instruments linked to proprietary indices (including indices 
provided by or on behalf of the Issuer) will only be issued on terms set out in an Alternative Drawdown 
Document.
Macquarie Bank Limited, London Branch does not constitute a separate legal entity from Macquarie Bank 
Limited (“Macquarie Bank”) and the obligations incurred by Macquarie Bank in issuing Instruments through 
a branch outside Australia are obligations of Macquarie Bank only, and investors claims under such 
Instruments will be against Macquarie Bank. Specifically, and for the avoidance of any doubt, the London 
Branch of Macquarie Bank is not a subsidiary of Macquarie Bank.
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme 
will not exceed U.S.$500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).
An investment in Instruments issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion 
of these risks see “Risk Factors” on pages 7 to 34 of this Base Prospectus. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Instruments issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a 
regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU, 
as amended). Instruments issued under the Programme may also be admitted to trading or listed on the Euro 
MTF exchange regulated market operated by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, or another or further stock 
exchange(s), multilateral trading facility(ies) or market(s). Unlisted Instruments may also be issued. The 
applicable Final Terms or Alternative Drawdown Document (the “Issue Terms”) will state whether or not the

--- Page 2 ---
ii
relevant Instruments are to be admitted to trading and/or listed and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) and/or 
multilateral trading facility(ies) and/or market(s).
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus as contemplated by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). The Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF, as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and the 
Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Law”). Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the relevant 
Instruments that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the relevant Instruments.
By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic or financial 
opportuneness of the transaction or the quality of the relevant Instruments or solvency of the Issuer in line 
with the provisions of article 6(4) of the Prospectus Law. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the relevant Instruments. The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent 
authorities in additional Member States within the European Economic Area with a notification attesting that 
this base prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Act 2019.
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date, until 7 March 2024, in relation to Instruments which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States. Consequently, the Instruments may not be offered, sold, resold, delivered or transferred 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, "U.S. persons" (as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws and the 
Instruments forming part of a may not be offered, sold, resold, delivered or transferred within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any person who is (i) a “U.S. person” (as defined in Regulation 
S), (ii) a “U.S. person” as defined in the Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance 
with Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
(the "CFTC"), as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, under the Commodity Exchange 
Act, as amended (the "CEA"), (iii) a person other than a “Non-United States person” as defined in CFTC Rule 
4.7, or (iv) a “United States person” as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. 
Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, in each case, as such definition may be amended, modified or 
supplemented from time to time (each such person, a "U.S. Person").
See “Form of the Notes”, “Form of Certificates”, as applicable, for a description of the manner in which 
Instruments will be issued. Instruments are subject to certain restrictions on resale and transfer, see 
“Subscription and Sale”.
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference” on pages 35 to 37 of this Base Prospectus) will be published on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s internet site www.luxse.com
and available on the internet site
https://www.macquarie.com/au/en/investors/other-securities.html.
The date of this Base Prospectus is 7 March 2023.

--- Page 3 ---
iii
IMPORTANT NOTICES
This Base Prospectus has not been, nor will be, lodged with the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission (“ASIC”) and is not a ‘prospectus’ or other ‘disclosure document’, nor a 
‘product disclosure statement’ for the purposes of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia 
(“Corporations Act”).
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and is provided for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer and its subsidiaries 
which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Instruments, is necessary to enable investors 
to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and 
prospects of the Issuer and the risks associated with an investment in the Instruments.
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(“Securities Act”) and will not be approved by the CFTC under the United States Commodity Exchange Act 
of 1936, as amended (the “CEA”)., and may include Instruments in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax 
law requirements. The Issuer has not registered and will not register under the United States Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended. Consequently, the Instruments may not be offered, sold, resold, 
delivered or transferred at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
(as such term is defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act). 
Instruments in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder.
Macquarie Bank Limited is an indirect subsidiary of Macquarie Group Limited (ACN 122 169 279) (“MGL”) 
and in this Base Prospectus references to the “Macquarie Group” are references to MGL and its controlled 
entities and references to the “Macquarie Bank Group” are references to Macquarie B.H. Pty Ltd (the direct 
parent of Macquarie Bank) and its controlled entities (including Macquarie Bank).
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY INSTRUMENTS FROM AN OFFEROR 
WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF THE INSTRUMENTS TO AN INVESTOR BY AN OFFEROR 
WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE 
BETWEEN SUCH OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS AND 
SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH 
ARRANGEMENTS WITH INVESTORS (OTHER THAN THE DEALERS) IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
OFFER OR SALE OF THE INSTRUMENTS AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY 
FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE 
OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION. THE 
ISSUER HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION.
Responsibility
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.
Documents incorporated by reference
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on pages 35 to 37 of this Base Prospectus). 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and 
form part of this Base Prospectus.
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference" on pages 35 to 37 of this Base Prospectus), the information on the websites to 
which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the CSSF. Investors should review, amongst other things, the documents deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference when deciding whether or not to purchase any Instruments.

--- Page 4 ---
iv
No independent verification or advice
The Dealers
have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in 
this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. The 
Dealers accept no liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme.
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Instruments is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Instruments should purchase any Instruments. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Instruments should make (and shall be deemed to have made) 
its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer. No advice is given in respect of the tax treatment of investors in connection 
with any investment in any Instruments and each investor is advised to consult its own professional adviser.
Currency of information
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Instruments shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.
No review of affairs of Macquarie Bank or the Macquarie Bank Group
The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life 
of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Instruments of any information coming to their attention.
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the 
terms of the Instruments being offered, including the merits and risks involved. None of the Dealers
or the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Instruments regarding the legality of its 
investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Instruments should be able to bear the 
economic risk of an investment in the Instruments for an indefinite period of time.
The Instruments may not be a suitable investment for all investors
Investors should have (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) sufficient knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters to meaningfully evaluate the merits and risks of investing in a 
particular issue of Instruments and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or the applicable Issue Terms as well as access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools 
to evaluate such merits and risks in the context of their particular circumstances.
In addition, an investment in Instruments linked to indices exposes investors to significant risks not associated 
with investments in more conventional debt or equity securities such as debt or equity securities, including, 
but not limited to, the risks set out below.
Some Instruments are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Instruments which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how such 
Instruments will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of those Instruments 
and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Certain issues of Instruments involve a high degree of risk and potential investors should be prepared to 
sustain a loss of all or part of their investment.
No authorisation
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Issuer, 
the Programme or the Instruments and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or the Dealers.

--- Page 5 ---
v
Distribution
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Instruments in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Instruments may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, 
or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been 
taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Instruments or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, 
no Instruments may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have
represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms.
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Instruments may come must inform themselves 
about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and 
sale of Instruments. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offer or sale of Instruments in The Commonwealth of Australia, the United States of America, the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”) and the United Kingdom. See section entitled “Subscription and Sale” on pages 
143 to 146 inclusive of this Base Prospectus.
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below 
may apply, any offer of Instruments in any Member State of the EEA (each a “Relevant State”) will be made 
pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for 
offers of Securities. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Relevant State of 
Instruments which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final 
Terms in relation to the offer of those Instruments may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation 
arises for the Issuer or the Dealers to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been approved by the competent authority in 
that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent 
authority in that Relevant State and (in either case) published, all in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by Final Terms which 
specify that offers may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that 
Relevant State and such offer is made in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified for such 
purpose in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable. Except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may 
apply, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of 
Instruments in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealers to publish or 
supplement a prospectus for such offer.
No offer
This Base Prospectus and any Final Terms is not intended to, nor does it, constitute an offer or invitation by 
or on behalf of Macquarie Bank or any Dealer to any person to subscribe for, or purchase any Instruments 
nor does it constitute, and it may not be used for the purposes of, an offer or invitation by anyone in any 
jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make 
such offer or solicitation, and no action is being taken to permit an offering of the Instruments or the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms in any jurisdiction where such action is required.
Australian Banking Legislation
Macquarie Bank is an “authorised deposit-taking institution” (“ADI”) under the Banking Act 1959 of Australia 
(the “Banking Act”).
The Banking Act provides that, in the event an ADI becomes unable to meet its obligations or suspends 
payment, the ADI's assets in Australia are available to meet specified liabilities of the ADI in priority to all 
other liabilities of the ADI (including, in the case of the Issuer, the Instruments). These specified liabilities 
include certain obligations of the ADI to the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority (“APRA”) in respect of 
amounts payable by APRA to holders of protected accounts, other liabilities of the ADI in Australia in relation 
to protected accounts, debts to the Reserve Bank of Australia (“RBA”) and certain other debts to APRA. A 
“protected account” is either (a) an account where the ADI is required to pay the account-holder, on demand 
or at an agreed time, the net credit balance of the account, or (b) another account or financial product 
prescribed by regulation. Changes to applicable law may extend the liabilities required to be preferred by law.

--- Page 6 ---
vi
The Banking Act also provides that certain other debts of an ADI due to APRA shall in a winding-up of an 
ADI have, subject to section 13A(3) of the Banking Act, priority over all other unsecured debts of that ADI. 
Further, section 86 of the Reserve Bank Act 1959 of Australia provides that in a winding-up of an ADI, debts 
due by an ADI to the RBA shall, subject to section 13A(3) of the Banking Act, have priority over all other debts 
of the ADI.
The Instruments do not constitute a protected account of, or (unless expressly provided in the applicable 
Issue Terms) a deposit with, the Issuer. The liabilities which are preferred by law to the claim of a holder in 
respect of an Instrument may be substantial and the Base Conditions do not limit the amount of such liabilities 
which may be incurred or assumed by the Issuer from time to time.
The Instruments are not protected by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme
The Instruments to be issued under the Programme are not protected by the United Kingdom’s Financial 
Services Compensation Scheme (“FSCS”). As a result, neither the FSCS nor anyone else will pay 
compensation upon the failure of the Issuer. If the Issuer goes out of business or becomes insolvent, investors 
may lose all or part of their investment in the Instruments.
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms (or Alternative Drawdown Document, 
as the case may be) in respect of any Instruments includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors”, the Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive EU 
2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPS Regulation.
UK PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Alternative Drawdown 
Document, as the case may be) in respect of any Instruments includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors”, the Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms (or Alternative Drawdown 
Document, as the case may be) in respect of any Instruments may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments and which 
channels for distribution of the Instruments are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Instruments (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Instruments is a manufacturer in respect of such Instruments but otherwise none 
of the Dealers nor any of its respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules.

--- Page 7 ---
vii
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms (or Alternative Drawdown 
Document, as the case may be) in respect of any Instruments may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments and which 
channels for distribution of the Instruments are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Instruments (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of Instruments (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Instruments is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Instruments, but otherwise none of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.
References to currencies
In this Base Prospectus, references to “U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$” and “$” refer to United States dollars, references 
to “GBP” and “£” are to Pounds Sterling, references to “AUD” and “A$” are to Australian Dollars and all 
references to “euro”, “EUR” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.
Forward-Looking Statements about Macquarie Bank
This Base Prospectus contains and incorporates by reference statements that constitute forward-looking 
statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this Base Prospectus, 
including, without limitation, those regarding Macquarie Bank’s financial position, business strategy, plans 
and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Examples of these 
forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to (i) statements regarding Macquarie Bank’s future 
results of operations and financial condition, (ii) statements of plans, objectives or goals, including those 
related to Macquarie Bank’s products or services, and (iii) statements of assumptions underlying those 
statements. Words such as “may,” “will,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “believe,” 
“continue”, “probability,” “risk,” and other similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, 
but are not the exclusive means of identifying those statements. Such forward looking statements involve 
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance 
or achievements of Macquarie Bank, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, 
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-
looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the present and future business strategies 
of Macquarie Bank and the environment in which it will operate in the future. These forward-looking 
statements speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Macquarie Bank expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement 
contained in this Base Prospectus, or incorporated herein by reference, to reflect any change in the 
expectations of Macquarie Bank with regard to such forward-looking statements or any change in events, 
conditions or circumstances on which any such forward-looking statement is based. 
Except to the extent required by laws and regulations, Macquarie Bank does not intend, and does not assume 
any obligation, to update this Base Prospectus in light of the impact of any judicial decision or change to law 
or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus.
Benchmark Regulations
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Instruments may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmark Regulation”) and/or the Financial Conduct Authority’s (the “FCA”) 
register of administrators under Article 36 of Regulations (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of the EUWA 
(the “UK Benchmark Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Issue 
Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks under Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or the FCA’s register 
of administrators under Article 36 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as required by applicable law. 
Transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmark Regulation (as amended by the EU delegated 
regulation 2021/168) and the UK Financial Services and Markets Bill may have the result that the 
administrator of a particular third country benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Issue Terms. The registration status of any administrator under

--- Page 8 ---
viii
the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save 
where required by applicable law, Macquarie Bank does not intend to update the Issue Terms to reflect any 
change in the registration status of the administrator.
Credit Ratings
There are references in this Base Prospectus to credit ratings. A credit rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold any Instruments and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the 
relevant rating agency.
The credit ratings assigned to Macquarie Bank have been issued by S&P Global Ratings, Inc. (“S&P”),
Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”) and Fitch Australia Pty Ltd (“Fitch”), none of which is 
established in the European Union or has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011) (the “CRA Regulation”) or under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law by virtue of EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”).
In general, and subject to certain exceptions (including the exception outlined below), EEA regulated 
investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using a credit rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA if such a credit rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the 
relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Investors regulated in the UK 
are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. The rating by S&P has been 
endorsed by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, the rating by Moody’s has been endorsed by 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and the rating by Fitch has been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited, each in accordance with the CRA Regulation, and have not been withdrawn. S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited, Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited are 
established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation. S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited are included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation The rating by S&P has been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, the rating by 
Moody’s has been endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd, and the rating by Fitch has been 
endorsed by Fitch Ratings Limited, in each case in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have 
not been withdrawn. There can be no assurance that such endorsement of the credit ratings of S&P, 
Moody’s and Fitch will continue.
The credit rating of certain Series of Instruments to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the 
Final Terms or the Issue Terms.

--- Page 9 ---
ix
CONTENTS
IMPORTANT NOTICES ................................................................................................................................. iii
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME...................................................................................... 1
RISK FACTORS.............................................................................................................................................. 7
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.................................................................................... 35
FORM OF INSTRUMENTS ........................................................................................................................... 38
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES.............................................................................................. 41
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................. 86
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES................................................................................ 98
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE CERTIFICATES ................................................................................. 109
ANNEX TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS: ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 
COMMODITY INDEX-LINKED INSTRUMENTS ........................................................................................ 117
MACQUARIE BANK LIMITED.................................................................................................................... 123
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ...................................................................................................................... 143
TAXATION .................................................................................................................................................. 147
USE OF PROCEEDS .................................................................................................................................. 153
GENERAL INFORMATION......................................................................................................................... 154

--- Page 10 ---
1
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
The following description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and 
is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and 
conditions of any particular Series of Instruments and the Issue Terms (and, in addition, in respect 
of the Certificates only, the Summary).
The Issuer and the Dealers (if any) may agree that Instruments shall be issued in a form other than 
that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, a new Base Prospectus or a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus, if required, will be made available which will describe the effect 
of the agreement reached in relation to such Instruments.
This description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1)(b) of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (the “Delegated Prospectus Regulation”).
Words or expressions defined or used in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the “Note Conditions”) or 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates (the “Certificate Conditions”), (together, the “Base 
Conditions”), as the case may be, shall, unless the contrary intention appears, have the same meaning in 
this description.
Programme Parties 
Issuer:
Macquarie Bank Limited (ACN 008 583 542) (“Macquarie Bank” 
or “MBL”), a corporation constituted with limited liability under the 
laws of the Commonwealth of Australia and authorised to carry on 
banking business in the Commonwealth of Australia and the United 
Kingdom, acting through its London Branch.
Macquarie Bank is a global provider of asset management and 
finance, banking, advisory and risk and capital solutions across 
debt, equity and commodities. MBL acts primarily as an investment 
intermediary for institutional, corporate, government and retail 
clients and counterparties around the world, generating income by 
providing a diversified range of products and services to clients. 
Description:
Index-linked Note and Certificate Programme. 
Principal Paying Agent:
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch
Principal Certificate Agent:
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch
Calculation Agent:
Macquarie Bank Limited, London Branch
Dealers:
Macquarie Bank Limited, London Branch
Macquarie Bank Europe Designated Activity Company
Luxembourg Paying Agent:
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.
Luxembourg Certificate Agent:
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.
Transfer Agent:
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.
Registrar:
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
No trustee or other organisation has been appointed to represent 
investors in Instruments issued under the Programme.
Notes
Issue Price:
The Issuer may issue Notes at any issue price which is at par or a 
discount to, or a premium over, par as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms or (in other cases) as agreed between the Issuer and 
the Dealers (if applicable).

--- Page 11 ---
2
Terms of Notes:
Notes may be denominated in Sterling, Euro or U.S. dollars with 
any maturity, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory restrictions.
Notes may bear interest at one or more fixed or floating rates, or 
may not bear interest.
Notes may redeem at a fixed redemption amount or at a 
redemption amount that is linked to the performance of one or more 
indices.
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms (for 
instance, that the relevant Notes will be redeemable at the option 
of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders), such Notes may not be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity other than in the following 
circumstances: (i) in specified instalments (if specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms), (ii) for taxation reasons (if stated in the 
applicable Issue Terms), (iii) following an Event of Default and 
acceleration of the Notes or (iv) if as a result of a change in law or 
regulation or a judgment, order or directive of any governmental, 
administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes or any arrangements made to hedge 
the Issuer's obligations under the Notes has or will become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited. 
Issue Terms:
Notes may be issued under the Programme on terms set out in a 
document that constitutes Final Terms for the purposes of Article 8 
of the Prospectus Regulation (“Final Terms”).
Notes may also be issued on terms set out in a pricing supplement, 
series prospectus or similar document relating to the Notes, 
incorporating by reference the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus, which does not constitute Final Terms for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation (an “Alternative 
Drawdown Document”).
The Final Terms or Alternative Drawdown Document issued by the 
Issuer in relation to any Notes constitutes the “Issue Terms” with 
respect to such Notes.
Form of Notes:
The Notes of each Series will be issued in bearer form (such Notes 
being “Bearer Notes”) or in registered form (such Notes being 
“Registered Notes”) as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice 
versa.
Definitive Bearer Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) will be 
issued with Coupons attached.
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes, Receipts and 
Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the Registered Notes will 
pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer and any Agent will 
(except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of 
any Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon and the registered holder of 
any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not 
overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing 
thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all 
purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to 
the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph.
For so long as any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note 
held by a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear Bank

--- Page 12 ---
3
S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”) 
and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each person (other than Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in 
the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes shall be 
treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal 
amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant 
Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Global 
Registered Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as 
the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable 
only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be.
Settlement of Notes:
Settlement of Notes shall be by way of cash payment.
Denomination of the Notes:
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the Dealers (if any) and as indicated in the 
applicable Issue Terms, save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency).
Events of Default:
The terms of the Notes contain, among others, events of default 
covering non-payment or non-delivery and relating to the 
insolvency of the Issuer (as described in Note Condition 11).
Taxation:
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that taxation gross-up is 
applicable, all payments in respect of the Notes will be made 
without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed 
by the Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Note Condition 9 unless any 
such deduction is required by law. In the event that any such 
deduction is required by law, payment will be made after such 
amounts have been deducted and the Issuer will, subject to certain 
limitations and exceptions, pay such additional amounts as may be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Noteholders after the deduction shall equal the respective amounts 
which would have been receivable in the absence of such 
deduction.
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that taxation gross-up is not 
applicable, all payments in respect of the Notes will be made 
subject to withholding taxes imposed by the Tax Jurisdiction as 
provided in Note Condition 9 and the Issuer will not be obliged to 
gross up any payments or otherwise pay any additional amount in 
respect of the Notes and shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged 
to pay any tax, duty, withholding, deduction or other payment which 
may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, presentation and 
surrender for payment, or enforcement of any Note and all 
payments made by the Issuer shall be made subject to any such 
tax, duty, withholding, deduction or other payment which may be 
required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. The Issuer may, 
but is under no obligation to, take steps to mitigate the burden of 
such tax, duty or withholding applied to the Notes (as deemed 
appropriate by the Issuer in its sole discretion).

--- Page 13 ---
4
Certificates
Issue Price:
The Issuer may issue Certificates at such price as shall be 
determined by the Issuer and specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (if any) or (in other cases) as agreed between Issuer and 
the Dealers (if applicable). 
Terms of Certificates:
Certificates may be linked to one or more indices on such terms 
and as may be determined by the Issuer and specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. Certificates may be denominated in 
Sterling, Euro or U.S. dollars with any term, subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory restrictions.
Issue Terms:
Certificates may be issued under the Programme on terms set out 
in a document that constitutes Final Terms for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation (“Final Terms”).
Certificates may also be issued on terms set out in a pricing 
supplement, series prospectus or similar document relating to the 
Certificates, incorporating by reference the whole or any part of this 
Base Prospectus, which does not constitute Final Terms for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation (an “Alternative 
Drawdown Document”).
The Final Terms or Alternative Drawdown Document issued by the 
Issuer in relation to any Certificates constitutes the “Issue Terms” 
with respect to such Certificates.
Form of Certificates:
Certificates will be issued in registered form. Each issue of 
Certificates will be constituted and represented by a Global 
Registered Certificate executed as a deed poll in favour of the 
holders of those Certificates from time to time and which will be 
issued and deposited with a common depositary on behalf of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear on the date of issue of 
the relevant Certificates. Definitive Certificates will not be issued. 
Each person who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or of Euroclear as the holder of a 
particular amount of Certificates (in which regard any certificate or 
other document issued by Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear 
as to the amount of Certificates standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the 
case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the 
Certificate Agents as the holder of such amount of Certificates for 
all purposes.
Certificates will be issued outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S.
Settlement of Certificates:
Settlement of Certificates shall be by way of cash payment. 
Minimum Purchase Amount:
The terms and conditions of the Certificates require an investor to 
subscribe a number of Certificates at least equal to the Minimum 
Purchase Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms (which 
shall be subject to a minimum of EUR 100,000). 
Minimum Trading Amount:
The terms and conditions of the Certificates only allow an investor 
to trade, in any single transaction, a number of Certificates at least 
equal to the Minimum Trading Amount specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (which shall be subject to a minimum of EUR 
100,000).
Exercise of Certificates:
Certificates will be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date.

--- Page 14 ---
5
Issuer Call or Put:
The applicable Issue Terms will specify if the expiration date 
Certificates can be accelerated as a result of an Issuer Call and/or 
a Holder Put. 
Expenses and Taxation:
A holder of a Certificate must pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses, 
including any applicable depository charges, transaction or 
exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, 
registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties arising 
in connection with the exercise of the Certificate. 
The Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any 
tax, duty, withholding, deduction or other payment which may arise 
as a result of the ownership, transfer, exercise or enforcement of 
any Certificate and all payments made by the Issuer shall be made 
subject to any such tax, duty, withholding, deduction or other 
payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or 
deducted.
Index-linked Instruments
Index-linked Instruments may be issued under the Programme. 
The reference indices may include without limitation commodity or 
proprietary indices. Amounts payable in respect of Index-linked 
Instruments will be calculated by reference to a single index or a 
basket of indices. Assuming all other factors being equal, as the 
level of the index or indices referenced by the Certificates 
increases, the value of the Certificates will increase, and as the 
level of the index or indices referenced by the Certificates 
decreases, the value of the Certificates will decrease.
If certain disruption events occur with respect to valuation of an 
index reference by any Index-linked Instruments, such valuation 
may be postponed and/or may be made by the Calculation Agent. 
Index-linked Instruments linked to an index may be subject to 
adjustment if such index is modified or cancelled and there is no 
successor acceptable to the Issuer or if the Index Administrator 
fails to calculate and announce the index. The conditions for Index-
linked Instruments will comprise the Terms and Conditions of the 
Instruments, any product specific conditions and the Issue Terms.
Instruments linked to proprietary indices (including indices 
provided by or on behalf of the Issuer) will only be issued on terms 
set out in an Alternative Drawdown Document.
General
Currencies:
U.S. dollars, Sterling or Euro.
Status of the Instruments:
The Instruments will be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and 
without prejudice among themselves. Claims against the Issuer in 
respect of Instruments rank at least equally with the claims of its 
unsecured and unsubordinated creditors (except creditors 
mandatorily preferred by law).
Governing Law:
The Instruments and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with them will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, the laws of England.
Approval, listing and admission to 
trading:
Application has been made by the Issuer to the CSSF as 
competent authority under and in accordance with Prospectus Act 
2019 to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application 
will also be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for 
Instruments issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading

--- Page 15 ---
6
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
The applicable Issue Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Instruments are to be admitted to trading and/or listed and, if so, 
on which stock exchange(s) and/or multilateral trading facility(ies) 
and/or markets.
Unlisted Instruments may also be issued as shall be specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms.
No assurance can be given that such listing can be obtained and/or 
maintained.
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any additional 
or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent from time to time and notified to 
Instrumentholders.
Selling and Transfer Restrictions:
The offering, sale, delivery and transfer of Instruments and the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and other materials in relation 
to any Instruments are subject to restrictions including, in 
particular, restrictions in Australia, the United States of America, 
the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom. See 
“Subscription and Sale” on pages 143 to 146, inclusive, of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 16 ---
7
RISK FACTORS
This section describes the risks the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the risks 
associated with Instruments and the market for Instruments. The Issuer may be unable to fulfil its payment 
or other obligations under or in connection with the Instruments due to a factor which the Issuer did not 
consider to be a material risk based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be 
able to anticipate.
Any investment in Instruments issued under the Programme will involve risks including those described in 
this section. All principal or material risks that have been identified by the Issuer are included in this section. 
The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones that the Issuer may face. Additional risks 
and uncertainties that the Issuer is unaware of, or that it currently deems to be immaterial, may also become 
important risk factors that affect the Issuer.
In each category of factors set out below, the Issuer believes that each factor included in each category of 
factors is material, with the most material in each category (based on the Issuer's assessment of the 
probability of its occurrence and the expected magnitude of its negative impact) being described first in each 
category.
Noting the points set out above by the Issuer with respect to its assessment of the level, order of materiality 
and potential of occurrence of the risks set out below, prospective investors should carefully consider the 
following discussion of the risk factors and the other information in this Base Prospectus and consult their 
own financial and legal advisers about the risks associated with the Instruments before deciding whether an 
investment in any of the Instruments is suitable for them.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer believes that the following risk factors may affect the 
Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations or ability to perform its obligations, under or in respect of the Instruments 
and could be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with any of the Instruments.
If any of the listed or unlisted risks actually occur, the Issuer’s business operations, financial condition or 
reputation could be materially adversely affected, with the result that the trading price of the Instruments of 
the Issuer could decline, and an investor could lose all or part of its investment. Prospective investors should 
also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior 
to making any investment decision.
Terms used but not otherwise defined in this section have the meanings given to them in the relevant Base 
Prospectus.
1.
Risks related to the Issuer
Macro-economic risks
Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s business and results of operation have been and 
may, in the future, be adversely affected by financial markets, global credit and other economic 
conditions generally.
The Macquarie Bank Group’s businesses operate in or depend on the operation of global markets, including 
through exposures in securities, loans, derivatives and other activities. In particular, uncertainty and volatility 
in global credit markets, liquidity constraints, increased funding costs, the level and volatility of interest rates, 
constrained access to funding, fluctuations or other significant changes in both equity and capital market 
activity, supply chain disruptions and labour shortages have adversely affected and may again affect 
transaction flow in a range of industry sectors.
Additionally, global markets may be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of climate change,
extreme weather events or natural disasters, the emergence or continuation of widespread health 
emergencies or pandemics, cyberattacks or campaigns, military conduct, including escalating military tension 
between Russian and Ukraine, terrorism or other geopolitical events. The dynamic and rapidly evolving 
sanctions environment, including the volume and nature of sanctions during the Russia-Ukraine conflict, 
Western sanction programs against China and Chinese reaction and sanctions in relation to human rights 
issues, continues to drive heightened sanctions compliance risk and complexity in applying control 
frameworks across the market. Moreover, actions by Russia, and any further measures taken by the U.S. or 
its allies, could have negative impacts on regional and financial markets and economic conditions. The 
actions of market participants in response to the Russia-Ukraine conflict have also resulted in substantial 
volatility in the global commodity markets. Growing concerns about energy availability have pushed prices

--- Page 17 ---
8
higher across a range of commodities. Given that global energy security poses a threat to financial stability, 
a disorderly transition from Russian oil and gas supplies may magnify risks to the financial system.
Actions taken by central banks, including changes to official interest rate targets, balance sheet management 
and government-sponsored lending facilities are beyond the Macquarie Bank Group’s control and difficult to 
predict. Sudden changes in monetary policy, for example in response to high inflation, could lead to financial 
market volatility and are likely to affect market interest rates and the value of financial instruments and other 
assets and liabilities, and can impact the Macquarie Bank Group’s customers.
The Macquarie Bank Group’s trading income may be adversely affected during times of subdued market 
conditions and client activity and increased market risk can lead to trading losses or cause the Macquarie 
Bank Group to reduce the size of its trading businesses in order to limit its risk exposure. Market conditions, 
as well as declines in asset values, may cause the Macquarie Bank Group’s clients to transfer their assets 
out of the Macquarie Bank Group’s funds or other products or their brokerage accounts and result in reduced 
net revenues.
The Macquarie Bank Group’s returns from asset sales may also decrease if economic conditions deteriorate. 
In addition, if financial markets decline, revenues from the Macquarie Bank Group’s products are likely to 
decrease. In addition, increases in volatility increase the level of the Macquarie Bank Group’s risk weighted 
assets and increase the Macquarie Bank Group’s capital requirements. Increased capital requirements may 
require the Macquarie Bank Group to raise additional capital at a time, and on terms, which may be less 
favourable than the Macquarie Bank Group would otherwise achieve during stable market conditions.
Sudden declines and significant volatility in the prices of assets may substantially curtail or eliminate the 
trading markets for certain assets, which may make it very difficult to sell, hedge or value such assets. The 
inability to sell or effectively hedge assets reduces the Macquarie Bank Group's ability to limit losses in such 
positions and difficulty in valuing assets may negatively affect the Macquarie Bank Group's capital, liquidity 
or leverage ratios, increase funding costs and generally require the Macquarie Bank Group to maintain 
additional capital.
The commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely interrelated as a result of credit, 
trading, clearing or other relationships among financial institutions. Concerns about, or a default by, one or 
more institutions or by a sovereign could lead to market-wide liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other 
institutions, financial instruments losing their value and liquidity, and interruptions to capital markets that may 
further affect the Macquarie Bank Group. This is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and may adversely 
affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms, hedge 
funds and exchanges that Macquarie Bank interacts with on a daily basis. If any of the Macquarie Bank 
Group’s counterpart financial institutions fail, the Macquarie Bank Group’s financial exposures to that 
institution may lose some or all of their value. Any of these events would have a serious adverse effect on 
the Macquarie Bank Group’s liquidity, profitability and value.
Changes and increased volatility in currency exchange rates may adversely impact Macquarie Bank’s 
financial results and its financial and regulatory capital positions
While the Financial Statements (as defined below) are presented in Australian Dollars, a significant portion 
of the Macquarie Bank Group’s operating income is derived, and operating expenses are incurred, from its 
offshore business activities, which are conducted in a broad range of currencies. Changes in the rate at which 
the Australian Dollar is translated from other currencies can impact the Macquarie Bank Group’s financial 
statements and the economics of its business.
Although the Macquarie Bank Group seeks to carefully manage its exposure to foreign currencies, in part 
through matching of assets and liabilities in local currencies and through the use of foreign exchange forward 
contracts to hedge its exposure, the Macquarie Bank Group is still exposed to exchange risk. Insofar as the 
Macquarie Bank Group is unable to hedge or has not completely hedged its exposure to currencies other 
than the Australian Dollar, the Macquarie Bank Group’s reported profit and foreign currency translation 
reserve would be affected.
In addition, because the Macquarie Bank Group’s regulatory capital position is assessed in Australian Dollars, 
its capital ratios may be adversely impacted by a depreciating Australian Dollar, which increases the capital 
requirement for assets denominated in currencies other than Australian Dollars.
Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s businesses are subject to the risk of loss 
associated with price volatility in the equity and other markets in which they operate

--- Page 18 ---
9
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group are exposed to changes in the value of financial instruments 
and other financial assets that are carried at fair market value, as well as changes to the level of their advisory 
and other fees, due to changes in interest rates, exchange rates, equity and commodity prices and credit 
spreads and other market risks. These changes may result from changes in economic conditions, monetary
and fiscal policies, market liquidity, availability and cost of capital, international and regional political events, 
acts of war or terrorism, corporate, political or other scandals that reduce investor confidence in capital 
markets, natural disasters or pandemics or a combination of these or other factors.
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group trade in foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity, bullion, 
energy, securities and other markets and are an active price maker in the derivatives market. Certain financial 
instruments that Macquarie Bank and/or the Macquarie Bank Group hold and contracts to which they are a 
party are complex and these complex structured products often do not have readily available markets to 
access in times of liquidity stress. Additionally, a number of these markets, and in particular the energy 
markets, have experienced increased levels of volatility as a result of uncertainty related to ongoing recent 
developments, including the COVID-19 pandemic and the Russia-Ukraine conflict. Macquarie Bank and the 
Macquarie Bank Group may incur losses as a result of volatility in market prices for products Macquarie Bank 
trades, which decreases the valuation of its trading and investment positions, including its interest rate and 
credit products, currency, commodity and equity positions. In addition, reductions in equity market prices or 
increases in interest rates may reduce the value of their clients’ portfolios, which in turn may reduce the fees 
Macquarie Bank earns for managing assets in certain parts of their business. Increases in interest rates or 
attractive prices for other investments could cause Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s clients 
to transfer their assets out of its funds or other products.
Interest rate benchmarks around the world (for example, the discontinuation of the London Inter-Bank Offered 
Rate (“LIBOR”)) have been subject to regulatory scrutiny and are subject to change. See also “Risk Factors 
– Risks related to the Issuer – Macquarie Bank Group may not manage risks associated with the replacement 
of benchmark indices effectively”.
Interest rate risk arises from a variety of sources including mismatches between the repricing periods of 
assets and liabilities. As a result of these mismatches, movements in interest rates can affect earnings or the 
value of the Macquarie Bank Group. 
Funding constraints of investors may impact Macquarie Bank’s and/or the Macquarie Bank Group’s 
income
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group generate a portion of their income from the sale of assets. 
If buyers are unable to obtain financing to purchase assets that Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank 
Group currently hold or purchase with the intention to sell in the future, Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie 
Bank Group may be required to hold investment assets for a longer period than they intended or sell these 
assets at lower prices than they historically would have expected to achieve, which may lower their rate of 
return on these investments and require funding for periods longer than they have anticipated.
Failure of Macquarie Bank or the Macquarie Bank Group to maintain their credit ratings and those of 
their subsidiaries could adversely affect their cost of funds, liquidity, competitive position and access 
to capital markets
The credit ratings assigned to Macquarie Bank or the Macquarie Bank Group and certain of their subsidiaries 
by rating agencies are based on an evaluation of a number of factors, including the Macquarie Bank Group’s 
ability to maintain a stable and diverse earnings stream, strong capital ratios, strong credit quality and risk 
management controls, funding stability and security, disciplined liquidity management and its key operating 
environments, including the availability of systemic support in Australia. In addition, a credit rating downgrade 
could be driven by the occurrence of one or more of the other risks identified in this section or by other events 
that are not related to the Macquarie Bank Group. 
If these Macquarie Bank Group entities fail to maintain their current credit ratings, this could (i) adversely 
affect Macquarie Bank’s or the Macquarie Bank Group’s cost of funds and related margins, liquidity, 
competitive position, the willingness of counterparties to transact with the Macquarie Bank Group and its 
ability to access capital markets or (ii) trigger Macquarie Bank’s or the Macquarie Bank Group’s obligations 
under certain bilateral provisions in some of their trading and collateralised financing contracts. Under these 
provisions, counterparties could be permitted to terminate contracts with the Macquarie Bank Group or 
require it to post additional collateral. Termination of Macquarie Bank’s or a Macquarie Bank Group entity’s 
trading and collateralised financing contracts could cause them to sustain losses and impair their liquidity by 
requiring them to find other sources of financing or to make significant cash payments or securities 
movements.

--- Page 19 ---
10
The Macquarie Bank Group is subject to global economic, market and business risks with respect to
the COVID-19 pandemic
The COVID-19 pandemic caused, and will likely continue to cause, severe impacts on global, regional and 
national economies and disruption to international trade and business activity. Governments worldwide, 
including in Australia, enacted emergency measures to combat the spread of the virus, including wide ranging 
restrictions on, suspensions of, or advice against, regional and international travel, gatherings of groups of 
people, as well as prolonged closures of workplaces and many other normal activities, all of which have had, 
and may continue to have, a substantial negative impact on economic and business activity due to a range 
of factors. While financial markets have rebounded from the significant declines that occurred early in the 
pandemic, certain circumstances that arose or became more pronounced after the onset of the COVID-19 
pandemic have persisted, including (i) relatively weak consumer confidence; (ii) elevated levels of market 
volatility; (iii) yields on government bonds which, at times, were near zero; (iv) ongoing heightened credit risk 
with regard to industries that have been most severely impacted by the pandemic; and (v) higher cyber 
security, information security and operational risks as a result of hybrid work arrangements; and (vi) 
interruptions in the supply chain that have adversely affected many businesses and have contributed to higher 
rates of inflation. This may in turn reduce the level of activity in sectors in which certain of the Macquarie 
Bank Group’s businesses operate and thus have a negative impact on such businesses' ability to generate 
revenues or profits. 
Governments and central banks around the world have taken increased measures to stabilise the financial 
markets and support economic growth. If the COVID-19 pandemic is prolonged and/or actions of 
governments and central banks are unsuccessful in mitigating the economic disruption, the negative impact 
on global growth and global financial markets could be amplified, and may lead to recessions in national, 
regional or global economies. 
The Macquarie Bank Group continues to closely monitor the pandemic and related risks as they evolve 
globally and domestically. The impact of COVID-19 on the economy and the Macquarie Bank Group’s 
personnel and operations is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted and will depend on the magnitude and 
duration of the pandemic, the emergence and spread of variants of COVID-19, the prevalence of escalating 
rates of infection in various jurisdictions, the availability, adoption and efficacy of treatments and vaccines, 
future actions taken by government authorities, central banks and other third parties in response to the 
pandemic. All these factors may lead to further reduced client activity and demand for the Macquarie Bank
Group’s products and services, higher credit and valuation losses in Macquarie Bank Group loan and 
investment portfolios, impairments of financial assets, trading losses and other negative impacts on the 
Macquarie Bank Group’s financial position, including possible constraints on capital and liquidity, as well as 
higher costs of capital, and possible changes or downgrades to Macquarie Bank’s credit ratings. If conditions 
deteriorate or remain uncertain for a prolonged period, the Macquarie Bank Group’s funding costs may 
increase and its ability to replace maturing liabilities may be limited, which could adversely affect the 
Macquarie Bank Group’s ability to fund and grow its business. This may adversely impact the Macquarie 
Bank Group’s results of operations and financial condition. Please refer to the 2022 audited consolidated 
annual financial statements in the 2022 Annual Report of Macquarie Bank and 2023 interim financial 
statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, for further information on the financial 
statement impact of COVID-19.
The Macquarie Bank Group could suffer losses due to climate change
The Macquarie Bank Group's businesses could also suffer losses due to climate change. Climate change is 
systemic in nature and is a significant long-term driver of both financial and non-financial risks. Climate 
change related impacts include physical risks from changing climatic conditions which could result from 
increased frequency and/or severity of adverse weather events. Such disasters could disrupt the Macquarie 
Group’s operations or the operations of customers or third parties on which the Macquarie Bank Group rely. 
Additionally, climate change could result in transition risks such as changes to laws and regulations, 
technology development and disruptions and changes in consumer and market preferences towards low 
carbon goods and services. These factors could restrict the scope of the Macquarie Bank Group’s existing 
businesses, limit the Macquarie Bank Group’s ability to pursue certain business activities and offer certain 
products and services, amplify credit and market risks, negatively impact asset values and/or otherwise 
adversely impact the Macquarie Bank Group, its business or its customers. 
As part of the Macquarie Bank Group’s commodities business, the Macquarie Bank Group purchases and 
sells certain physical commodities, arrange for their storage and transport, and engage in market making of 
commodities. These activities subject the Macquarie Bank Group and/or the entities in which it invests to 
extensive and evolving federal, state and local energy, environmental, and other governmental laws and

--- Page 20 ---
11
regulations worldwide. Additionally, rising climate change concerns have led to additional regulation that 
could increase the operating costs and adversely affect the profitability of certain of the Macquarie Bank 
Group’s investments. Commodities involved in the Macquarie Bank Group’s intermediation activities and 
investments may also be subject to the risk of unforeseen or catastrophic events, which are likely to be 
outside of the Macquarie Bank Group’s control. The occurrence of any of such events may prevent the 
Macquarie Bank Group from performing under its agreements with clients, may impair its operations or 
financial results and may result in litigation, regulatory scrutiny and/or action, negative publicity or other 
reputational harm.
The Macquarie Bank Group’s response to climate change, its climate strategies, policies and disclosure, 
and/or its ability to achieve its climate-related goals and commitments (which are subject to risks and 
uncertainties, many of which are outside of its control) may affect the Macquarie Bank Group's performance 
and could have wide-ranging impacts for the Macquarie Bank Group. These include, but are not limited to, 
impacts on the probability of default and losses arising from defaults, asset valuations and collateral, may 
result in litigation, regulatory scrutiny and/or action, negative publicity or other reputational harm, reduced 
investor and stakeholder confidence or could prompt the Macquarie Bank Group to exit certain businesses 
altogether. Failure to effectively manage these risks could adversely affect the Macquarie Bank Group's 
business, prospects, reputation, financial performance or financial condition.
Legal and regulatory risks
Many of Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s businesses are highly regulated and they 
could be adversely affected by temporary and permanent changes in law, regulations and regulatory 
policy.
The Macquarie Bank Group operates various kinds of businesses across multiple jurisdictions or sectors 
which are regulated by more than one regulator. Additionally, some members of the Macquarie Bank Group 
own or manage assets and businesses that are regulated. The Macquarie Bank Group’s businesses include 
an “authorised deposit-taking institution” (“ADI”) in Australia (regulated by the Australian Prudential 
Regulation Authority (“APRA”)), a credit institution in Ireland, a bank branch in the United Kingdom, the Dubai 
International Finance Centre and Singapore and representative offices in the United States, New Zealand, 
South Africa, Brazil and Switzerland. The regulations vary from country to country but generally are designed 
to protect depositors and the banking system as a whole, not holders of Macquarie Bank’s securities or 
creditors. In addition, as a diversified financial institution, many of the Macquarie Bank Group’s businesses 
are subject to financial services regulation other than prudential banking regulation, as well as laws, 
regulations and oversight specific to the industries applicable to the Macquarie Bank Group’s businesses and 
assets. 
Regulatory agencies and governments frequently review and revise banking and financial services laws, 
security and competition laws, fiscal laws and other laws, regulations and policies, including fiscal policies. 
Changes to laws, regulations or policies, including changes in interpretation or implementation of laws, 
regulations or policies, could substantially affect Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group or their 
businesses, the products and services Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group offer or the value of 
their assets, or have unintended consequences or impacts across Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank 
Group’s business. These may include changing required levels of liquidity and capital adequacy, increasing 
tax burdens generally or on financial institutions or transactions, limiting the types of financial services and 
products that can be offered and/or increasing the ability of other providers to offer competing financial 
services and products, as well as changes to prudential regulatory requirements. Global economic conditions 
and increased scrutiny of the culture in the banking sector have led to increased supervision and regulation, 
as well as changes in regulation in the markets in which Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group 
operate and may lead to further significant changes of this kind. Health, safety and environmental laws and 
regulations can also change rapidly and significantly. The occurrence of any adverse health, safety or 
environmental event, or any changes, additions to, or more rigorous enforcement of, health, safety and 
environmental standards could have a significant impact on operations and/or result in material expenditures.
In some countries in which the Macquarie Bank Group does business or may in the future do business, in 
particular in emerging markets, the laws and regulations applicable to the financial services industry are 
uncertain and evolving, and it may be difficult for the Macquarie Bank Group to determine the requirements 
of local laws in every market. The Macquarie Bank Group’s inability to remain in compliance with local laws 
in a particular market could have a significant and negative effect not only on its businesses in that market 
but also on its reputation generally.
In addition, regulation is becoming increasingly extensive and complex and some areas of regulatory change 
involve multiple jurisdictions seeking to adopt a coordinated approach or certain jurisdictions seeking to

--- Page 21 ---
12
expand the territorial reach of their regulation. The nature and impact of future changes are unpredictable, 
beyond Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s control and may result in potentially conflicting 
requirements, resulting in additional legal and compliance expenses and changes to their business practices 
that adversely affect their profitability. 
APRA may introduce new prudential regulations or modify existing regulations, including those that apply to 
Macquarie Bank as an ADI. Any such event could result in changes to the organisational structure of the 
Macquarie Bank Group and/or the Macquarie Group and adversely affect the Macquarie Bank Group. See 
“Regulatory oversight and recent developments” for more information on the regulatory developments 
affecting Macquarie Bank.
The Macquarie Bank Group is subject to the risk of loss as a result of not complying with laws 
governing financial crime, including sanctions.
The Macquarie Bank Group is subject in its operations worldwide to laws and regulations relating to corrupt 
and illegal payments, counter-terrorism financing, anti-bribery and corruption and adherence to anti-money 
laundering obligations, as well as laws, sanctions and economic trade restrictions relating to doing business 
with certain individuals, groups and countries (“AML/CTF Laws”). The geographical diversity of its operations, 
employees, clients and customers, as well as the vendors and other third parties that it deals with, increases 
the risk that it may be found in violation of AML/CTF Laws. Emerging financial crime risk typologies could 
also limit the Macquarie Bank Group’s ability to track the movement of funds thereby heightening the risk of 
the Macquarie Bank Group breaching AML/CTF Laws. Additionally, as a result of the ongoing Russia-Ukraine 
conflict, the current sanctions environment remains dynamic and rapidly evolving. Sanctions and export 
controls could adversely affect the Macquarie Bank Group’s business activities and investments in sanctioned 
jurisdictions, as well as expose the Macquarie Bank Group to compliance risk and reputational harm. The 
Macquarie Bank Group’s ability to comply with AML/CTF Laws is dependent on its detection and reporting 
capabilities, control processes and oversight accountability. 
Any violation of AML/CTF Laws could subject the Macquarie Bank Group to significant penalties, revocation, 
suspension, restriction or variation of conditions of operating licences, adverse reputational consequences, 
litigation by third parties (including potentially class actions) or limitations on its ability to do business.
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group may be adversely affected by increased 
governmental and regulatory scrutiny or negative publicity.
Governmental scrutiny from regulators, legislative bodies and law enforcement agencies with respect to 
matters relating to the financial services sector generally, and Macquarie Bank’s business operations, capital, 
liquidity, financial and non-financial risk management and other matters, has increased dramatically in recent 
years. The political and public sentiment regarding financial institutions has resulted in a significant amount 
of adverse press coverage, as well as adverse statements or charges by regulators or other government 
officials, and in some cases, to increased regulatory scrutiny, enforcement actions and litigation. Responding 
to and addressing such matters, regardless of the ultimate outcome, is time-consuming, expensive, can 
adversely affect investor confidence and can divert the time and effort of the Macquarie Bank Group’s staff 
(including senior management) from their business. 
Investigations, inquiries, penalties and fines sought by regulatory authorities have increased substantially 
over the last several years, with regulators exercising their enhanced enforcement powers in commencing 
enforcement actions or with advancing or supporting legislation targeted at the financial services industry. If 
the Macquarie Bank Group is subject to adverse regulatory findings, the financial penalties could have a 
material adverse effect on its results of operations. Adverse publicity, governmental scrutiny and legal and 
enforcement proceedings can also have a negative impact on the Macquarie Bank Group’s reputation with 
clients and on the morale and performance of its employees.
Litigation and regulatory actions may adversely impact Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank 
Group’s results of operations.
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group may, from time to time, be subject to material litigation and 
regulatory actions, for example, as a result of inappropriate documentation of contractual relationships, class 
actions or regulatory breaches, which, if they crystallise, may adversely impact upon their results of 
operations and financial condition in future periods or their reputation. Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie 
Bank Group entities regularly obtain legal advice and make provisions, as deemed necessary. There is a risk 
that any losses may be larger than anticipated or provided for or that additional litigation, regulatory actions 
or other contingent liabilities may arise. Furthermore, even where monetary damages may be relatively small,

--- Page 22 ---
13
an adverse finding in a regulatory or litigation matter could harm Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank 
Group’s reputation or brand, thereby adversely affecting their business.
Macquarie Bank Group may not manage risks associated with the replacement of benchmark indices 
effectively.
LIBOR and other interest rate benchmarks (collectively, the “IBORs”) have been the subject of ongoing 
national and international regulatory scrutiny and reform. The LIBOR administrator ceased publication of non-
USD LIBOR and one-week and two-months USD LIBOR on a representative basis on 31 December 2021 
with plans to cease publication of all other USD LIBOR tenors on 30 June 2023. The transition away from 
and the discontinuance of LIBOR or any other benchmark rate and the adoption of “alternative reference” 
rates (“ARR”) by the market introduce a number of risks for the Macquarie Bank Group, its clients, and the 
financial services industry more widely. These include, but are not limited to:

Conduct risks – where, by undertaking actions to transition away from using the IBORs, the Macquarie 
Bank Group faces conduct risks which may lead to client complaints, regulatory sanctions or 
reputational impact if the Macquarie Bank Group is (i) considered to be undertaking market activities 
that are manipulative or create a false or misleading impression; (ii) misusing sensitive information or 
not identifying or appropriately managing or mitigating conflicts of interest; (iii) not taking an appropriate 
or consistent response to remediation activity or customer complaints; or (iv) providing regulators with 
inaccurate regulatory reporting.

Legal and execution risks – relating to documentation changes required for new ARR products and for 
the transition of legacy contracts to ARRs, which transition will, in turn, depend, to a certain extent, on 
the availability of ARR products and on the participation of customers and third-party market 
participants in the transition process; legal proceedings or other actions regarding the interpretation 
and enforceability of provisions in IBOR-based contracts; and regulatory investigations or reviews in 
respect of the Macquarie Bank Group’s preparation and readiness for the replacement of IBOR with 
alternative reference rates.

Financial risks and pricing risks – arising from:
o
any changes in the pricing mechanisms of financial instruments linked to IBOR or ARRs which 
could impact the valuations of these instruments; and
o
the implementation of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association’s protocol for the 
transition of derivatives contracts, and similar guidance for cash products which could cause 
earnings volatility depending on the nature of contract modifications and changes in hedge 
accounting.

Operational risks – due to the potential need for the Macquarie Bank Group, its clients and the market 
to adapt information technology systems, operational processes and controls to accommodate one or 
more ARRs for a large volume of trades.
Any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Macquarie Bank Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects.
Counterparty credit risk
Failure of third parties to honour their commitments in connection with Macquarie Bank’s and the 
Macquarie Bank Group’s trading, lending and other activities may adversely impact their business.
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group are exposed to the potential for credit related losses as a 
result of an individual, counterparty or issuer being unable or unwilling to honour its contractual obligations. 
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group are also exposed to potential concentration risk arising from 
large individual exposures or groups of exposures. Like any financial services organisation, Macquarie Bank 
and the Macquarie Bank Group assume counterparty risk in connection with their lending, trading, derivatives 
and other businesses where they rely on the ability of third parties to satisfy their financial obligations to them 
on a timely basis. Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s recovery of the value of the resulting 
credit exposure may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including declines in the financial condition 
of the counterparty, the value of property they hold as collateral and the market value of the counterparty 
instruments and obligations they hold. See Note 33 to the 2022 audited consolidated annual financial 
statements of Macquarie Bank which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus for details on 
the concentration of credit risk by significant geographical locations and counterparty types. Credit losses

--- Page 23 ---
14
can and have resulted in financial services organisations realising significant losses and in some cases failing 
altogether. Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group are also subject to the risk that their rights against 
third parties may not be enforceable in all circumstances. Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s 
inability to enforce their rights may result in losses.
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group may experience impairments in their loans, 
investments and other assets.
Macquarie Bank and its controlled entities recorded A$67 million of credit and other impairment charges for 
the half year ended 30 September 2022, including A$68 million for net credit impairment charges, and A$1
million for net other impairment reversals. Further credit and other impairments may be required in future 
periods if the market value of assets similar to those held were to decline. Credit and other impairment 
charges may also vary following a change to the inputs or forward looking information used in the 
determination of expected credit losses. Please refer to Note 10 of the 2023 unaudited consolidated interim 
financial statements of Macquarie Bank incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus for further 
information on the determination of expected credit losses.
Sudden declines and significant volatility in the prices of assets may substantially curtail or eliminate the 
trading markets for certain assets, which may make it very difficult to sell, hedge or value such assets. The 
inability to sell or effectively hedge assets reduces Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s ability 
to limit losses in such positions and the difficulty in valuing assets may negatively affect their capital, liquidity 
or leverage ratios, increase their funding costs and generally require them to maintain additional capital.
Operational risks
Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s ability to retain and attract qualified employees 
is critical to the success of their business and the failure to do so may materially adversely affect 
their performance.
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group’s employees are their most important resource, and their 
performance largely depends on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Macquarie Bank’s and 
the Macquarie Bank Group’s continued ability to compete effectively in their businesses and to expand into 
new business areas and geographic regions depends on their ability to retain and motivate their existing 
employees and attract new employees. Competition from within the financial services industry and from 
businesses outside the financial services industry, such as professional service firms, hedge funds, private 
equity funds and venture capital funds, for qualified employees has historically been intense. Recent 
employment conditions associated with the pandemic have made the competition to hire and retain qualified 
employees significantly more challenging.
In order to attract and retain qualified employees, Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group must 
compensate such employees at or above market levels. Typically, those levels have caused employee 
remuneration to be the Macquarie Bank Group’s greatest expense as its performance-based remuneration 
has historically been cash and equity based and highly variable. Recent market events have resulted in 
increased regulatory and public scrutiny of corporate remuneration policies and the establishment of criteria 
against which industry remuneration policies may be assessed. As a regulated entity, Macquarie Bank may 
be subject to limitations on remuneration practices (which may or may not affect its competitors). These 
limitations may require Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group to further alter their remuneration 
practices in ways that could adversely affect their ability to attract and retain qualified and talented employees.
Current and future laws (including laws relating to immigration and outsourcing) may restrict Macquarie 
Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s ability to move responsibilities or personnel from one jurisdiction to 
another. This may impact Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s ability to take advantage of 
business and growth opportunities or potential efficiencies.
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group may incur financial loss, adverse regulatory 
consequences or reputational damage due to inadequate or failure in internal or external operational 
systems and infrastructures, people and processes.
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group’s businesses depend on their ability to process and monitor, 
on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex, across numerous 
and diverse markets in many currencies. While Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group employ a 
range of risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany 
their application cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome or the specifics and timing of such 
outcomes. As such, Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group may, in the course of their activities,

--- Page 24 ---
15
incur losses. There can be no assurance that the risk management processes and strategies that Macquarie 
Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group have developed will adequately anticipate or be effective in addressing 
market stress or unforeseen circumstances. For a further discussion of Macquarie Bank's and the Macquarie 
Bank Group's risk management policies and procedures, see Note 33 to the 2022 audited consolidated 
annual financial statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group also face the risk of operational failure, termination or 
capacity constraints of any of the counterparties, clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses or other 
financial intermediaries Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group use to facilitate their securities or 
derivatives transactions, and as Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s interconnectivity with 
their clients and counterparties grows, the risk to Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group of failures 
in their clients’ and counterparties’ systems also grows.  Any such failure, termination or constraint could 
adversely affect Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s ability to effect or settle transactions, 
service their clients, manage their exposure to risk, meet their obligations to counterparties or expand their 
businesses or result in financial loss or liability to their clients and counterparties, impairment of their liquidity, 
disruption of their businesses, regulatory intervention or reputational damage.
As Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s client base, business activities and geographical 
reach expands, developing and maintaining their operational systems and infrastructure becomes 
increasingly challenging. Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group must continuously update these 
systems to support their operations and growth, which may entail significant costs and risks of successful 
integration. Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s financial, accounting, data processing or 
other operating systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events 
that are wholly or partially beyond their control, such as a spike in transaction volume or disruption in internet 
services provided by third parties.
The Macquarie Bank Group’s businesses manage a large volume of sensitive data and rely on the secure 
processing, transmission, storage and retrieval of confidential, proprietary and other information in their data 
management systems and technology, and in those managed, processed and stored by third parties on 
behalf of the Macquarie Bank Group. Inadequate data management and data quality, which include the 
capture, processing, distribution, retention and disposal of data, could lead to poor decision making in the 
provision of credit as well as affecting its data management regulatory obligations, all of which may cause 
the Macquarie Bank Group to incur losses or lead to regulatory actions. Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie 
Bank Group are subject to laws, rules and regulations in a number of jurisdictions regarding compliance with 
their privacy policies and the disclosure, collection, use, sharing and safeguarding of personally identifiable 
information of certain parties, such as their employees, customers, suppliers, counterparties and other third 
parties, the violation of which could result in litigation, regulatory fines and enforcement actions. Furthermore, 
a breach, failure or other disruption of Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s data management 
systems and technology, or those of their third-party service providers, could lead to the unauthorised or 
unintended release, misuse, loss or destruction of personal or confidential data about their customers, 
employees or other third parties in their possession. A purported or actual unauthorised access or 
unauthorised disclosure of personal or confidential data could materially damage Macquarie Bank’s and the 
Macquarie Bank Group’s reputation and expose Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group to liability 
for violations of privacy and data protection laws.
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group are exposed to the risk of loss resulting from the failure of 
their internal or external processes and systems, such as from the disruption or failure of their IT systems, or 
from external suppliers and service providers including cloud-based outsourced technology platforms, or 
external events. Such operational risks may include theft and fraud, failure to effectively implement 
employment practices and inadequate workplace safety, improper business practices, mishandling of client 
moneys or assets, client suitability and servicing risks, product complexity and pricing, and valuation risk or 
improper recording, evaluating or accounting for transactions or breaches of their internal policies and 
regulations. There is increasing regulatory and public scrutiny concerning outsourced and offshore activities 
and their associated risks, including, for example, the appropriate management and control of confidential 
data. If Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group fail to manage these risks appropriately, they may 
incur financial losses and/or regulatory intervention and penalties, and their reputation and ability to retain 
and attract clients may be adversely affected.
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group are also exposed to the risk of loss resulting from the actions, 
inactions of their employees, contractors and external service providers. Conduct risks can arise from human 
errors, lack of reasonable care and diligence exercised or intentional malfeasance and other misconduct, 
including the misuse of client information in connection with insider trading or for other purposes, even if

--- Page 25 ---
16
promptly discovered and remediated, can result in reputational damage and material losses and liabilities for 
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group. 
There have been a number of highly publicised cases around the world involving actual or alleged fraud or 
other misconduct by employees in the financial services industry in recent years. It is not always possible to 
deter or prevent employee misconduct and the precautions Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group 
take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases, which could result in financial losses, 
regulatory intervention and reputational damage. 
Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s operations rely on their ability to maintain 
appropriately staffed workforces, and on the competence, trustworthiness, health and safety of 
employees.
Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s ability to operate their businesses efficiently and 
profitably, to offer products and services that meet the expectations of their clients and customers, and to 
maintain an effective risk management framework is highly dependent on their ability to staff their operations 
appropriately and on the competence, integrity, health and safety of their employees.
Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s operations could be impaired if the measures they take 
to ensure the health and safety of their employees are ineffective, or if any external party on which they rely 
fails to take appropriate and effective actions to protect the health and safety of their employees.
A cyber-attack, information or security breach, or a technology failure of Macquarie Bank or the 
Macquarie Bank Group or of a third party could adversely affect their ability to conduct their business, 
manage their exposure to risk or expand their businesses, result in the disclosure or misuse of 
confidential or proprietary information and increase their costs to maintain and update their 
operational and security controls and infrastructure.
The Macquarie Bank Group’s businesses depend on the security and efficacy of its data management 
systems and technology, as well as those of third parties with whom it interacts or on whom it relies. 
To access the Macquarie Bank Group’s network, products and services, its customers and other third parties 
may use personal mobile devices or computing devices that are outside of its network environment and are 
subject to their own cyber security risks. While the Macquarie Bank Group seeks to operate in a control 
environment that limits the likelihood of a cyber and information security incident, and to ensure that the 
impact of a cyber and information security incident can be minimised by information security capability and 
incident response, there can be no assurances that the Macquarie Bank Group’s security controls will provide 
absolute security against a changing external threat environment. 
Cyber and information security risks for financial institutions have increased in recent years, in part because 
of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of internet and telecommunications technology and the 
increased sophistication and activities of attackers (including hackers, organised criminals, terrorist 
organisations, hostile foreign governments, disgruntled employees or vendors, activists and other external 
parties, including those involved in corporate espionage). Targeted social engineering attacks are becoming 
more sophisticated and are extremely difficult to prevent. The techniques used by hackers change frequently, 
may not be recognised until launched and may not be recognised until well after a breach has occurred. 
Additionally, the existence of cyber-attacks or security breaches at third parties with access to Macquarie 
Bank Group’s data, such as vendors, may not be disclosed to it in a timely manner. 
Despite efforts to protect the integrity of the Macquarie Bank Group’s systems through the implementation of 
controls, processes, policies and other protective measures, it may not be able to prevent all security 
breaches. 
As a result of increasing consolidation, interdependence and complexity of financial entities and technology 
systems, a technology failure, cyber attack or other information or security breach that significantly degrades, 
deletes or compromises the systems or data of one or more financial entities could have a material impact 
on counterparties or other market participants, including the Macquarie Bank Group. This consolidation 
interconnectivity and complexity increases the risk of operational failure, on both individual and industry-wide 
bases, as disparate systems need to be integrated, often on an accelerated basis. Any third-party technology 
failure, cyber-attack or other information or security breach, termination or constraint could, among other 
things, adversely affect the Macquarie Bank Group’s ability to effect transactions, service its clients, manage 
its exposure to risk or expand its businesses.

--- Page 26 ---
17
The Macquarie Bank Group anticipates cyber-attacks will continue to occur because perpetrators are well 
resourced, deploying highly sophisticated techniques that can evolve rapidly. This challenges its ability to 
implement effective controls to prevent or minimise damage that may be caused by all information security 
threats. Cyber-attacks or other information or security breaches, whether directed at the Macquarie Bank 
Group or third parties, may result in a material loss or have adverse consequences for the Macquarie Bank 
Group including operational disruption, financial losses, reputational damage, theft of intellectual property 
and customer data, violations of applicable privacy laws and other laws, litigation exposure, regulatory fines, 
penalties or intervention, loss of confidence in its security measures and additional compliance costs, all of 
which could have a material adverse impact on the Macquarie Bank Group. 
The Macquarie Bank Group’s businesses could suffer losses due to hostile, catastrophic or 
unforeseen events, including due to environmental and social factors.
The Macquarie Bank Group is subject to the risk of unforeseen, hostile or catastrophic events, many of which 
are outside of its control, including natural disasters, extreme weather events (such as persistent winter 
storms or protracted droughts), leaks, spills, explosions, release of toxic substances, fires, accidents on land 
or at sea, terrorist attacks, military conflicts including the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine, or 
other hostile or catastrophic events. Any significant environmental change or external event (including 
increased frequency and severity of storms, floods and other catastrophic events such as earthquake, 
pandemic (such as COVID-19), other widespread health emergencies, civil unrest, geopolitical or terrorism 
events) has the potential to disrupt business activities, impact the Macquarie Bank Group’s operations or 
reputation, increase credit risk and other credit exposures, damage property and otherwise affect the value 
of assets held in the affected locations and the Macquarie Bank Group’s ability to recover amounts owing to 
it. 
The occurrence of any such events may prevent the Macquarie Bank Group from performing under its 
agreements with clients, may impair its operations or financial results, and may result in litigation, regulatory 
action, negative publicity or other reputational harm. The Macquarie Bank Group may also not be able to 
obtain insurance to cover some of these risks and the insurance that it has may be inadequate to cover its 
losses.
Any such long-term, adverse environmental or social consequences could prompt the Macquarie Bank Group 
to exit certain businesses altogether. In addition, such an event or environmental change (as the case may 
be) could have an adverse impact on economic activity, consumer and investor confidence, or the levels of 
volatility in financial markets.
The Macquarie Bank Group also faces increasing public scrutiny, laws and regulations related to 
environmental and social factors. The Macquarie Bank Group risks damage to its brand and reputation if it 
fails to act responsibly in a number of areas, such as diversity and inclusion, environmental stewardship, 
support for local communities, corporate governance and transparency and considering environmental and 
social factors (including human rights breaches such as modern slavery) in its investment and procurement 
processes. Failure to effectively manage these risks may result in breaches of Macquarie Bank Group’s 
statutory obligations, and could adversely affect the Macquarie Bank Group’s business, prospects, reputation, 
financial performance or financial condition.
Failure of the Macquarie Bank Group’s insurance carriers or its failure to maintain adequate insurance 
cover could adversely impact its results of operations.
The Macquarie Bank Group maintains insurance that it considers to be prudent for the scope and scale of its 
activities. If the Macquarie Bank Group’s insurance carriers fail to perform their obligations to the Macquarie 
Bank Group and/or its third-party cover is insufficient for a particular matter or group of related matters, its 
net loss exposure could adversely impact its results of operations. 
The Macquarie Bank Group is subject to risks in using custodians.
Certain products the Macquarie Bank Group manages depend on the services of custodians to carry out 
certain securities transactions. In the event of the insolvency of a custodian, the Macquarie Bank Group might 
not be able to recover equivalent assets in full as they will rank among the custodian’s unsecured creditors. 
In addition, the cash held with a custodian in connection with these products will not be segregated from the 
custodian’s own cash, and the creditors of these products will therefore rank as unsecured creditors in relation 
to the cash they have deposited.
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group have no control over the management, operations or 
business of entities in the Macquarie Group that are not part of the Macquarie Bank Group.

--- Page 27 ---
18
Entities in the Macquarie Group that are not part of the Macquarie Bank Group may establish or operate 
businesses that are different from or compete with the businesses of the Macquarie Bank Group and those 
other entities are not obligated to support the businesses of the Macquarie Bank Group other than as required 
by APRA prudential standards. Other than APRA prudential standards and capital adequacy requirements 
described in “Regulatory oversight and recent developments”, there are no regulations or agreements 
governing the allocation of future business between the Macquarie Bank Group, including Macquarie Bank 
and the Non-Banking Group.
Strategic risks
Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s business may be adversely affected by their 
failure to adequately manage the risks associated with strategic opportunities and new businesses, 
including acquisitions, and the exiting or restructuring of existing businesses.
Macquarie Bank and other entities in the Macquarie Bank Group are continually evaluating strategic 
opportunities and undertaking acquisitions of businesses, some of which may be material to their operations. 
Macquarie Bank’s and/or the Macquarie Bank Group’s completed and prospective acquisitions and growth 
initiatives may cause them to become subject to unknown liabilities of the acquired or new business and 
additional or different regulations.
Future growth, including through acquisitions, mergers and other corporate transactions, may place 
significant demands on the Macquarie Bank Group’s legal, accounting, IT, risk management and operational 
infrastructure and result in increased expenses. A number of the Macquarie Bank Group’s recent and planned 
business initiatives and further expansions of existing businesses are likely to bring it into contact with new 
clients, new asset classes and other new products or new markets. These business activities expose the 
Macquarie Bank Group to new and enhanced risks, including reputational concerns arising from dealing with 
a range of new counterparties and investors, actual or perceived conflicts of interest, regulatory scrutiny of 
these activities, potential political pressure, increased credit related and operational risks, including risks 
arising from IT systems and reputational concerns with the manner in which these businesses are being 
operated or conducted. 
Any time Macquarie Bank and such other Macquarie Bank Group entities make an acquisition, they may 
over-value the acquisition, they may not achieve expected synergies, they may achieve lower than expected 
cost savings or otherwise incur losses, they may lose customers and market share, they may face disruptions 
to their operations resulting from integrating the systems, processes and personnel (including in respect of 
risk management) of the acquired business into the Macquarie Bank Group or their management’s time may 
be diverted to facilitate the integration of the acquired business into Macquarie Bank or the relevant 
Macquarie Bank Group entity. Macquarie Bank and other entities in the Macquarie Bank Group may also 
underestimate the costs associated with outsourcing, exiting or restructuring existing businesses. Where 
Macquarie Bank’s and/or the Macquarie Bank Group’s acquisitions are in foreign jurisdictions, or are in 
emerging or growth economies in particular, they may be exposed to heightened levels of regulatory scrutiny 
and political, social or economic disruption and sovereign risk in emerging and growth markets.
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group’s businesses depend on the Macquarie Group’s 
brand and reputation
The Macquarie Bank Group believes its reputation in the financial services markets and the recognition of 
the Macquarie brand by its customers are important contributors to its business. Many companies in the 
Macquarie Group and many of the funds managed by entities owned, in whole or in part, by Macquarie Group 
use the Macquarie name. The Macquarie Bank Group does not control those entities that are not in the 
Macquarie Bank Group, but their actions may reflect directly on its reputation.
The Macquarie Bank Group’s business may be adversely affected by the negative publicity or poor financial 
performance in relation to any of the entities using the Macquarie name, including any Macquarie-managed 
fund or funds that Macquarie has promoted or is associated with. Investors and lenders may associate such 
entities and funds with the name, brand and reputation of the Macquarie Bank Group and the Macquarie 
Group and other Macquarie-managed funds. If funds that use the Macquarie name or are otherwise 
associated with Macquarie-managed infrastructure assets, such as roads, airports, utilities and water 
distribution facilities that people view as community assets, are perceived to be managed inappropriately, 
those managing entities could be subject to criticism and negative publicity, harming the Macquarie Bank’s 
and the Macquarie Bank Group’s reputation and the reputation of other entities that use the Macquarie name.
Competitive pressure, both in the financial services industry, as well as in the other industries in 
which Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group operate, could adversely impact its business.

--- Page 28 ---
19
Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group face significant competition from local and international 
competitors, which compete vigorously in the markets and sectors across which the Macquarie Bank Group 
operates. Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group compete, both in Australia and internationally, 
with asset managers, retail and commercial banks, private banking firms, investment banking firms, 
brokerage firms, internet-based firms, commodity trading firms and other investment and service firms as well 
as businesses in adjacent industries in connection with the various funds and assets they manage and 
services they provide. This includes specialist competitors that may not be subject to the same capital and 
regulatory requirements and therefore may be able to operate more efficiently. In addition, digital technologies 
and business models are changing consumer behaviour and the competitive environment. The use of digital 
channels by customers to conduct their banking continues to rise and emerging competitors are increasingly 
utilising new technologies and seeking to disrupt existing business models, including in relation to digital 
payment services and open data banking, that challenge, and could potentially disrupt, traditional financial 
services. Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group face competition from established providers of 
financial services as well as from businesses developed by non-financial services companies. Macquarie 
Bank and the Macquarie Bank Group believe that they will continue to experience pricing pressures in the 
future as some of their competitors seek to obtain or increase market share.
The widespread adoption and rapid evolution of new technologies, including analytic capabilities, self-service 
digital trading platforms, internet services, distributed ledgers, such as the blockchain system, 
cryptocurrencies, Central Bank Digital Currencies (“CBDC”) and payment systems, could have a substantial 
impact on the financial services industry. As CBDC initiatives evolve and mature, the Macquarie Bank Group’s 
businesses and results of operations could therefore be adversely impacted.
Any consolidation in the global financial services industry may create stronger competitors with broader 
ranges of product and service offerings, increased access to capital, and greater efficiency and pricing power 
which may enhance the competitive position of the Macquarie Bank Group's competitors. The effect of 
competitive market conditions, especially in the Macquarie Bank Group's main markets, products and 
services, may lead to an erosion in its market share or margins.
Conflicts of interest could limit the Macquarie Bank Group’s current and future business 
opportunities.
As the Macquarie Bank Group expands its businesses and its client base, it increasingly has to address 
potential or perceived conflicts of interest, including situations where its services to a particular client conflict 
with, or are perceived to conflict with, its own proprietary investments or other interests or with the interests 
of another client, as well as situations where one or more of its businesses have access to material non public 
information that may not be shared with other businesses within the Macquarie Group. While the Macquarie 
Bank Group believes it has adequate procedures and controls in place to address conflicts of interest, 
including those designed to prevent the improper sharing of information among its businesses, appropriately 
dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult, and its reputation could be damaged and the 
willingness of clients or counterparties to enter into transactions may be adversely affected if Macquarie Bank 
fails, or appears to fail, to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest. In addition, potential or perceived 
conflicts could give rise to claims by and liabilities to clients, litigation or enforcement actions.
Tax
Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s business operations expose them to potential tax 
liabilities that could have an adverse impact on their results of operation and reputation.
Macquarie Bank and Macquarie Bank Group are exposed to risks arising from the manner in which the 
Australian and international tax regimes may be applied and enforced, both in terms of their own tax 
compliance and the tax aspects of transactions on which they work with clients and other third parties. 
Macquarie Bank’s and the Macquarie Bank Group’s international, multi-jurisdictional platform increases their 
tax risks. Any actual or alleged failure to comply with or any change in the interpretation, application or 
enforcement of applicable tax laws and regulations could adversely affect its reputation and affected business 
areas, significantly increase its own tax liability and expose it to legal, regulatory and other actions.
Accounting standards
Changes in accounting standard, policies, interpretations, estimates, assumptions and judgments 
that could have a material impact on the financial results of Macquarie Bank and the Macquarie Bank 
Group.

--- Page 29 ---
20
Macquarie Bank's and the Macquarie Bank Group's accounting policies are fundamental to how they record 
and report their financial position and results of operations. These policies require the use of estimates, 
assumptions and judgements that affect the reported value of Macquarie Bank's and the Macquarie Bank 
Group's assets or liabilities and results of operations. Management is required to determine estimates and 
apply subjective and complex assumptions and judgements about matters that are inherently uncertain. 
Changes in those estimates, assumptions and judgements are accounted for prospectively as a change in 
accounting estimate unless it is determined that either (i) the determination thereof was in error or (ii) the 
accounting policy which sets out the application of those estimates, assumptions and judgements has 
changed, in which case the previous reported financial information is represented. 
Accounting standard setting bodies issue new accounting standards and interpretations in response to 
outreach activities, evolving interpretations, application of accounting principles as well as changes in market 
developments. In addition, changes in interpretations by accounting standard setting bodies; regulators; and 
Macquarie Bank's and the Macquarie Bank Group's independent external auditor may also arise from time 
to time. These changes may be difficult to predict in terms of the nature of such changes and the timing 
thereof. The application of new requirements and interpretations may impact how Macquarie Bank and the 
Macquarie Bank Group prepares and reports their financial statements. In some cases, Macquarie Bank and 
the Macquarie Bank Group may be required to apply a new or revised standard or change in interpretation 
retrospectively, resulting in a requirement to represent their previously reported financial information.
2.
Risks related to the Instruments 
General risks related to the Instruments
Australian insolvency laws
In the event that Macquarie Bank is, is likely to become or becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings are 
likely to be governed by Australian law or the law of another jurisdiction determined in accordance with 
Australian law. Australian insolvency laws are, and the laws of that other jurisdiction can be expected to be, 
different from the insolvency laws of other jurisdictions. In particular, the voluntary administration procedure 
under the Corporations Act, which provides for the potential re-organisation of an insolvent company, differs 
significantly from similar provisions under the insolvency laws of other jurisdictions. If Macquarie Bank 
becomes insolvent, the treatment and ranking of Instrumentholders and Macquarie Bank’s shareholders 
under Australian law, and the laws of any other jurisdiction determined in accordance with Australian law, 
may be different from the treatment and ranking of Instrumentholders and Macquarie Bank’s shareholders if 
Macquarie Bank were subject to the bankruptcy laws or the insolvency laws of other jurisdictions.
In September 2017, reforms to Australian insolvency laws were passed. Among other things, the legislation 
provides for a stay on enforcement of certain rights arising under a contract (such as a right entitling a creditor 
to terminate the contract or to accelerate payments or providing for automatic acceleration) for a certain 
period of time (and potentially, indefinitely), if the reason for enforcement is the occurrence of certain events 
relating to specified insolvency proceedings (such as the appointment of an administrator, managing 
controller or an application for a scheme of arrangement) or the company’s financial position during those 
insolvency proceedings (known as “ipso facto rights”).
The stay will apply to ipso facto rights arising under contracts, agreements or arrangements entered into after 
1 July 2018, subject to certain exclusions. Such exclusions include rights exercised under a kind of contract, 
agreement or arrangement prescribed by the regulations. On 21 June 2018, the Australian federal 
government introduced regulations setting out the types of contracts and contractual rights which will be 
excluded from the stay (the “Regulations”).
The Regulations provide, among other things, that any ipso facto rights under a contract, agreement or 
arrangement that is or governs securities, financial products, bonds or promissory notes will be exempt from 
the stay. Furthermore, a contract, agreement or arrangement under which a party is or may be liable to 
subscribe for, or to procure subscribers for, securities, financial products, bonds or promissory notes is also 
excluded from the stay. Accordingly, the regulations should exclude the Instruments and certain other related 
arrangements from the stay. As the legislation and the regulations are new to the insolvency regime in 
Australia, they have not been the subject of judicial interpretation. 
The Instruments are not protected by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme
Unlike a bank deposit, the Instruments are not protected by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme 
(“FSCS”). As a result, neither the FSCS nor anyone else will pay compensation upon the failure of Macquarie

--- Page 30 ---
21
Bank. If Macquarie Bank goes out of business or becomes insolvent, investors may lose all or part of their 
investment in the Instruments.
The Instruments do not have the benefit of any third party guarantees or security
Investors should be aware that no guarantee is given in relation to the Instruments by the shareholders of 
Macquarie Bank or any other person. The Instruments are not guaranteed by the government of Australia. 
Accordingly, in the event that Macquarie Bank is unable to fulfil its obligations under the Instruments, such 
obligations would not necessarily be assumed by any other person.
Investors should also be aware that the Instruments and related Coupons will be unsecured obligations of 
Macquarie Bank. To the extent Macquarie Bank incurs secured obligations, the Instruments will rank behind 
those secured obligations to the extent of the value of the property granted to secure those obligations. 
Consequently, any such secured obligations will rank senior in the right of payment to an investor of 
Instruments to the extent of the value of the assets granted to secure those obligations.
Potential conflicts of interest
None of the Issuer, the Dealers (if any) nor the Calculation Agent are acting in a fiduciary capacity vis-a-vis 
the Instrumentholders nor are they providing any advice to the Instrumentholders under this Base Prospectus. 
As such, the general law duties that fiduciaries have to their clients do not govern the relationships between 
the Issuer, the Dealers (if any) and the Calculation Agent on the one hand and the Instrumentholders on the 
other hand. 
The Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents may engage in activities that may result in conflicts of interests 
between their own financial interests and those of their respective Affiliates or agents on the one hand and 
the interests of the Instrumentholders on the other hand. The Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents may 
also engage in trading activities (including hedging activities) related to the index or indices underlying any 
Instruments and other instruments or derivative products based on or related to the index or indices 
underlying any Instruments or any commodities referenced in any index for their proprietary accounts or for 
other accounts under their management. The Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents may also issue other 
derivative instruments in respect of the index or indices underlying Instruments. Neither the Issuer, its 
Affiliates, nor any of its agents are obliged to disclose any non-public information they may possess in respect 
of such commodities, index or indices. 
The Calculation Agent is Macquarie Bank Limited, London Branch (or any successors, assigns, 
replacements, additional or substitute calculation agent appointed to the Programme from time to time) which, 
when acting in such capacity, will make certain determinations and calculate amounts payable to 
Instrumentholders. Under certain circumstances, the Issuer (or an affiliate) acting as the Calculation Agent 
could give rise to potential conflicts of interest between the Calculation Agent and the Instrumentholders.
Instrumentholders have no claim in respect of any underlying asset(s) or index
An Index-linked Instrument will not represent a claim or direct interest in any asset(s) underlying any index 
referenced by it and, in the event of any loss, a Holder will not have recourse under an Instrument to any 
such underlying asset(s).
Instruments subject to optional early redemption or cancellation by the Issuer
If the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under the Instruments or that any 
arrangements made to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the Instruments has or will become illegal in 
whole or in part for any reason, the Issuer may redeem or cancel the Instruments, as applicable.
In addition if, after giving effect to any applicable fallback provisions or events specified in the Conditions, 
any applicable product specific condition (including Commodity Index-linked Conditions) or the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Issuer is prevented from performing its obligations to make a payment in respect of the 
Instruments as a result of any force majeure, act of state, strike, blockade or similar circumstance or, if the 
Issuer determines in good faith that it has become impossible or impractical for it to perform such obligations 
as a result of any change in national or international financial, political or economic conditions or currency 
exchange rates or exchange controls, the Issuer may redeem or cancel the Instruments, as applicable. 
In respect of a Series of Notes for which tax gross-up is applicable, the Issuer will have the right to redeem 
the Notes early in the event that it is required to gross-up payments as a result of the imposition of certain 
taxes.

--- Page 31 ---
22
If the Issuer redeems or cancels the Instruments in the circumstances described above, then the Issuer will, 
in the case of Notes, redeem each Note at the Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption, or cancel each Certificate at the Early Cancellation Amount 
(for the avoidance of doubt, in each case less Associated Costs). This may result in the holder of the 
Instruments receiving an amount less than the principal amount of the Notes or the purchase price of the 
Certificates, as applicable, and in certain circumstances such amount may be zero.
Exercise of discretion by Macquarie Bank or the Calculation Agent
Any determination by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) to be exercised in their discretion 
shall (save in the case of manifest error) be conclusive and binding on all persons (including, without 
limitation, the Instrumentholders). Both the Issuer and the Calculation Agent have numerous discretions 
under the terms and conditions of the Instruments – in particular: (i) the discretion to modify the terms and 
conditions of the Instruments without the consent of the Instrumentholders in limited circumstances; (ii) the 
discretion to determine whether or not a Market Disruption Event has occurred; and (iii) the discretion to 
determine the costs, fees, expenses and other amounts payable in connection with the redemption or 
cancellation of the Instruments. The exercise of any such discretion by the either the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent could adversely affect the value of the relevant Instruments.
The Issuer may make certain modifications to the Instruments without the consent of the 
Instrumentholders
The relevant Base Conditions provide that the relevant Agent and the Issuer may, without the consent of 
Instrumentholders, agree to (i) any modification (subject to certain specific exceptions) of the Instruments or 
the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Instrumentholders or (ii) any modification 
of the Instruments or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to 
correct a manifest error or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law. These provisions may 
result in a decision being made or action taken that is not consented to or sanctioned by any or all the 
Instrumentholders.
Issue price and optional redemption risks
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Instruments. During any period when 
Macquarie Bank may elect to redeem the Instruments, the market value of those Instruments generally will 
not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any 
redemption period. Macquarie Bank may be expected to redeem Instruments when its cost of borrowing is 
lower than the interest rate on the Instruments. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Instruments 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.
Modifications and waivers
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Instrumentholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Instrumentholders including 
Instrumentholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Instrumentholders who voted in 
a manner contrary to the majority.
Change of Law
The Conditions are based on the relevant law in effect as at the date of the issue of the relevant Instruments. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision, change to law or administrative 
practice after the date of issue of the relevant Instruments, including developments which may require 
withholding or deduction to be made by Macquarie Bank from payments of amounts due in respect of 
Instruments (see “Taxation – United States Taxation Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” on page 151-
152). Such changes in law may include changes in statutory, tax and regulatory regimes during the life of the 
Instruments, which may have an adverse effect on an investment in the Instruments.
Risks related to the market for the Instruments
The secondary market generally
Instruments may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Instruments easily or at

--- Page 32 ---
23
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Instruments that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or 
market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet 
the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Instruments generally would 
have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. A decrease 
in liquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of the Instruments. No assurance of a 
secondary market or a market price for the Instruments is provided by Macquarie Bank.
In addition, Instrumentholders should be aware of the risk that global credit market conditions may result in 
a general lack of liquidity in the secondary market for instruments similar to the Instruments. Such lack of 
liquidity may result in investors suffering losses on the Instruments in secondary resales even if there is no 
decline in the performance of the assets of Macquarie Bank. 
Listing
An application will be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Instruments issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. No assurance can be given that if and once listed, the 
Instruments will at all times remain listed on the Official List or remain admitted for trading on the Market and 
it may not be possible to list the Instruments on any other stock or securities exchange. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls
Macquarie Bank will pay principal and interest (if applicable) in the case of Notes or a Cash Settlement 
Amount in the case of Certificates in the relevant specified currency (“Specified Currency”). This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally 
in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Instruments, (ii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Instruments, and 
(iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Instruments.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal.
In addition, events may occur that, from a legal or practical perspective, make it impossible or not reasonably 
practicable to convert one currency into another currency, as may be required in order to make a 
determination or payment in respect of the Instruments. The occurrence of such an inconvertibility event may 
result in payment under the Instruments being delayed and/or an investor receiving payment in a currency 
other than the Specified Currency.
Interest rate risks
Investment in fixed rate Instruments involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the fixed rate Instruments.
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for interest-bearing securities 
issued at par value. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to interest-bearing securities issued at par value with comparable maturities.
Instrumentholders may suffer unforeseen losses due to fluctuations in interest rates. Generally, a rise in 
interest rates may cause a fall in bond prices. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Instruments. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Instruments. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, cancellation, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 33 ---
24
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. 
Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency 
(and certain other conditions are satisfied) or the relevant third country credit rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and certain other conditions are satisfied) and such endorsement 
action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. If the status of the rating agency rating the Instruments 
changes, European regulated investors may no longer be able to use the relevant rating for regulatory 
purposes and the Instruments may be subject to a different regulatory treatment. This may result in European 
(including UK) regulated investors selling the Instruments, which may have an impact on the value of the 
Instruments in any secondary market. The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the 
ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the 
relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures 
being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. Certain information 
with respect to the Issuer's ratings and the credit rating agencies which have assigned such ratings is set out 
under the heading “Important Notices” at the beginning of this Base Prospectus. Where an issue of 
Instruments is rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms and may not necessarily be the 
same as the rating assigned to Macquarie Bank.
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain 
limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of 
existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.
If the status of the rating agency rating the Instruments changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Instruments may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Instruments and their liquidity in the secondary market.
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Instruments linked to 
or referencing such “benchmarks”
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks (including, amongst others, LIBOR, SONIA, 
SOFR, EURIBOR, BBSW and BKBM, each as defined below) are the subject of recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms, such as the 
discontinuation of LIBOR are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may 
cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on 
any Instruments linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”. 
In Australia, examples of reforms that are already effective include changes to the methodology for calculation 
of the Australian Bank Bill Swap Rate (“BBSW”), and amendments to the Corporations Act made by the 
Treasury Laws Amendment (2017 Measures No. 5) Act 2018 (Cth) of Australia which, among other things, 
enables ASIC to make rules relating to the generation and administration of financial benchmarks. On 6 June 
2018, ASIC designated BBSW as a “significant financial benchmark” and made the ASIC Financial 
Benchmark (Administration) Rules 2018 and the ASIC Financial Benchmarks (Compelled) Rules 2018. On 
27 June 2019, ASIC granted ASX Benchmarks Pty Limited a licence to administer BBSW.
In Europe, the EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision 
of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).

--- Page 34 ---
25
In the UK, the UK Benchmarks Regulation, among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and 
the use of a benchmark within the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-
UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).
In New Zealand, the Financial Markets (Derivatives Margin and Benchmarking) Reform Amendment Act 2019 
(“FMRA Act”) was enacted in August 2019. When the provisions of the FMRA Act relating to financial 
benchmarks come into effect, they will amend the FMC Act to establish a new licensing regime for 
administrators of financial benchmarks. These amendments aim to ensure that New Zealand's regulatory 
regime for financial benchmarks (including the New Zealand Bank Bill Reference Rate (“BKBM”)) meets the 
equivalence requirements for the purposes of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.
These reforms (including the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation) could, as 
applicable, have a material impact on any Instruments linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if 
the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements 
imposed thereunder. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or 
otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant “benchmark”.
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.
The euro risk free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high-
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing the euro interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”). The guiding principles indicate, 
amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback 
provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system.
On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback 
trigger events and fallback rates 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Instruments linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a “benchmark”.
Investors should be aware that in the case of certain Floating Rate Notes, the Conditions of the Instruments 
provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, including an inter-bank 
offered rate (such as LIBOR, or EURIBOR) or another relevant reference rate (such as BBSW) ceases to 
exist or be published. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest 
for a particular Interest Period may result in the Interest Rate for the last preceding Interest Period being 
used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate 
which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page or the initial Interest Rate applicable to such 
Instruments on the Interest Commencement Date.
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of and return on any 
such Instruments. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or 
existence of any relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating
Rate Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, 
such Floating Rate Notes.
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the UK Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international 
or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of Instruments in 
making any investment decision with respect to any Instruments referencing a “benchmark”.
The market continues to develop in relation to Compounded Daily SONIA as a reference rate
Where the relevant Final Terms for a series of Floating Rate Notes specifies that the interest rate for such 
Floating Rate Notes will be determined by reference to the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), 
interest will be determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA. Compounded Daily SONIA differs from 
Sterling LIBOR in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that Compounded Daily SONIA

--- Page 35 ---
26
is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas Sterling LIBOR is expressed on the 
basis of a forward-looking term and includes a credit risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, 
investors should be aware that there may be a material difference in the behaviour of Sterling LIBOR and 
SONIA as interest reference rates for Floating Rate Notes. The use of SONIA as a reference rate for 
Eurobonds is nascent, and is subject to change and development, both in terms of the substance of the 
calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of debt 
securities referencing SONIA.
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA should 
be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets 
and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. For example, in the context of backwards-looking SONIA 
rates, market participants and relevant working groups are, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, currently 
assessing the differences between compounded rates and weighted average rates, and such groups are also 
exploring forward-looking ‘term’ SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward 
expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). The adoption of SONIA may also see 
component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from Sterling LIBOR or another 
reference rate to SONIA.
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from that 
set out in the Conditions in the case of Floating Rate Notes issued under this Programme for which 
Compounded Daily SONIA is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms. Furthermore, the 
Issuer may in the future issue Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of the 
interest determination provisions when compared with the provisions for such determination as set out in the 
Conditions. The nascent development of Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest reference rate for the 
Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such market and the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise 
affect the market price of any SONIA-referenced Floating Rate Notes issued under the Programme from time 
to time.
Furthermore, interest on Floating Rate Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA is only capable of 
being determined at the end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Floating Rate Notes which reference Compounded Daily 
SONIA to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Floating Rate Notes, and 
some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Floating Rate Notes without changes to their IT 
systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Floating Rate Notes. Further, in 
contrast to Sterling LIBOR-based Floating Rate Notes, if Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA become due and payable as a result of an event of default under the Conditions, or are otherwise 
redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final rate of interest payable in respect 
of such Floating Rate Notes shall only be determined immediately prior to the date on which the Floating 
Rate Notes become due and payable.
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets may 
differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of SONIA reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements 
which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Floating Rate Notes 
referencing Compounded Daily SONIA.
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such Floating Rate Notes.
The use of the SOFR as a reference rate for any SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes is subject to 
important limitations.
In June 2017, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (“ARRC”), a group of private-market participants 
convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the New York Federal Reserve for 
purposes of facilitating the transition from LIBOR for U.S. dollar denominated transactions (with respect to 
which publication for all settings is expected to cease by 30 June 2023), announced the Secured Overnight 
Finance Rate (“SOFR”) as its recommended alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. However, the composition and 
characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of LIBOR. SOFR is a broad U.S. Treasury repurchase 
financing rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions. This means that SOFR is 
fundamentally different from LIBOR for two key reasons. First, SOFR is a secured rate, while LIBOR is an 
unsecured rate. Second, SOFR is an overnight rate, while LIBOR is a forward looking rate that represents 
interbank funding over different maturities. As a result, there can be no assurance that SOFR will perform in

--- Page 36 ---
27
the same way as LIBOR would have at any time, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest 
and yield rates in the market, market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, political, or regulatory 
events. For example, since publication of SOFR began in April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on 
occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or other market rates.
As SOFR is an overnight funding rate, interest on any SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes with interest 
periods longer than overnight will be calculated on the basis of either the arithmetic mean of SOFR over the 
relevant interest period or compounding SOFR during the relevant interest period. As a consequence of this 
calculation method, the amount of interest payable on each interest payment date will only be known a short 
period of time prior to the relevant interest payment date. PR Debt Instrument Holders therefore will not know 
at the start of the interest period the interest amount which will be payable on any SOFR-referenced Floating 
Rate Notes.
Although the New York Federal Reserve has published historical indicative SOFR information going back to 
2014, such prepublication of historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. 
PR Debt Instrument Holders should not rely on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of 
future changes in SOFR.
Also, since SOFR is a relatively new market index, any SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes will likely have 
no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may 
not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities indexed on SOFR, may evolve over time, and trading 
prices of SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt 
securities as a result. Similarly, if the SOFR does not prove to be widely used in securities like such SOFR-
referenced Floating Rate Notes, the trading price of SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes may be lower 
than those of debt securities linked to indices that are more widely used. PR Debt Instrument Holders may 
not be able to sell SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes at all or may not be able to sell SOFR-referenced 
Floating Rate Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have 
a developed secondary market and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk.
The New York Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject to 
important limitations and disclaimers, including that the New York Federal Reserve may alter the methods of 
calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. In 
addition, SOFR is published by the New York Federal Reserve based on data received from other sources. 
There can be no guarantee that the SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that 
is materially adverse to the interests of the PR Debt Instrument Holders. If the manner in which SOFR is 
calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or discontinuance may result in a reduction or 
elimination of the amount of interest payable on SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes and a reduction in the 
trading prices of SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes which would have an adverse effect on the PR Debt 
Instrument Holders who could lose part of their investment.
The interest rate on compounded SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes is based on a compounded 
average of daily SOFR, which is relatively new in the marketplace.
For each interest period, the interest rate on a series of compounded SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes 
will be based on a compounded average of daily SOFR, and not on daily SOFR published on or in respect of 
a particular date during such interest period. For this and other reasons, the interest rate on a series of 
compounded SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes during any interest period may not be the same as the 
interest rate on other investments bearing interest at a rate based on SOFR that use an alternative method 
to determine the applicable interest rate. Further, if daily SOFR in respect of a particular date during an 
interest period or observation period (if applicable) for a series of compounded SOFR-referenced Floating 
Rate Notes is negative, the inclusion of such daily SOFR in the calculation of compounded SOFR for the 
applicable interest period will reduce the interest rate and the interest payable on such series of compounded 
SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes for such interest period.
Market precedent for securities that use compounded SOFR as the base rate continues to evolve, and the 
method for calculating an interest rate based upon compounded SOFR in those precedents varies. 
Accordingly, the specific formula and related conventions used for compounded SOFR-referenced Floating 
Rate Notes that may be issued with respect to the determination of interest rates, interest amounts and 
payment of interest (for example, payment delays, observation periods/lookbacks and/or lockout/suspension 
periods) may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all. Adoption of different 
methods/conventions by the market with respect to these determinations likely would adversely affect the 
return on, value of and market for the compounded SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
28
Interest payments due on a series of compounded SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined only at the end of the relevant interest period.
Interest payments due on a series of compounded SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
only at the end of the relevant interest period. Therefore, holders of any series of compounded SOFR-
referenced Floating Rate Notes will not know the amount of interest payable with respect to each interest 
period until shortly prior to the related interest payment date, and it may be difficult for investors in such 
compounded SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes to estimate reliably the amounts of interest that will be 
payable on each such interest payment date at the beginning of or during the relevant interest period. In 
addition, some investors may be unwilling or unable to trade such compounded SOFR-referenced Floating 
Rate Notes without changes to their information technology systems, both of which could adversely impact 
the liquidity and trading price of any series of compounded SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes.
With respect to a series of compounded SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes using the payment 
delay convention or a convention for which a rate cut-off date is applicable, it will not be possible to 
calculate accrued interest with respect to any period until after the end of such period or the rate cut-
off date, as applicable.
With respect to a series of compounded SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes using the payment delay 
convention or a convention for which a rate cut-off date is applicable, because daily SOFR in respect of a 
given day is not published until the U.S. government securities business day immediately following such day, 
it will not be possible to calculate accrued interest with respect to any period until after the end of such period 
or the rate cut-off date, as applicable, which may adversely affect your ability to trade such Floating Rate 
Notes in the secondary market.
With respect to a series of compounded SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes using the payment delay 
convention or a convention for which a rate cut-off date is applicable, pursuant to the formula used to 
determine compounded SOFR for such Floating Rate Notes for an applicable interest period, daily SOFR 
used in such calculation for any day from, and including, the rate cut-off date to, but excluding, the relevant 
interest payment date (or maturity or redemption date, if applicable) will be daily SOFR in respect of the 
relevant rate cut-off date.
The formula used to determine the base rate for compounded SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes using 
the payment delay convention employs a rate cut-off date for the final interest period with respect to any 
series of notes.
For the final interest period with respect to a series of compounded SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes 
using the payment delay convention, daily SOFR used in the calculation of compounded SOFR for any day 
from, and including, the rate cut-off date to, but excluding, the maturity date or the redemption date, if 
applicable, will be daily SOFR in respect of the rate cut-off date. The rate cut-off date will be two U.S. 
government securities business days (or such other number of U.S. government securities business days as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the maturity date (or redemption date, if applicable).
In addition, the formula used to determine the base rate for compounded SOFR-referenced Floating Rate 
Notes for any convention using a rate cut-off date may employ, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
such rate cut-off date for each interest period with respect to such Floating Rate Notes.
As a result of the foregoing, a holder of a series of compounded SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes using 
the payment delay convention, or a convention for which a rate cut-off date is applicable, will not receive the 
benefit of any increase in the level of SOFR on any date subsequent to the applicable rate cut-off date in 
connection with the determination of the interest payable with respect to the final interest period for an 
applicable series of compounded SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes using the payment delay convention 
or with respect to each interest period for an applicable series of compounded SOFR-referenced Floating 
Rate Notes employing a rate cut-off date, which could reduce the amount of interest that may be payable on 
the applicable series of Floating Rate Notes.
Holders of a series of compounded SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes using the payment delay 
convention will receive payments of interest on a delayed basis.
The interest payment dates for any series of compounded SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes using the 
payment delay convention with respect to interest rate determination and interest payments will be two 
business days (or such other number of business days as specify in the relevant Final Terms) after the 
interest period demarcation date at the end of each interest period for such series. This convention differs 
from the interest payment convention that has been used historically for floating-rate notes with interest rates

--- Page 38 ---
29
based on other benchmark or market rates, such as LIBOR, where interest typically has been paid on a fixed 
day that immediately follows the final day of the applicable interest period. As a result, holders of a series of 
compounded SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes using the payment delay convention will receive 
payments of interest on a delayed basis as compared to floating-rate notes in which they previously may 
have invested.
Additional risks related to Certificates and the market for Certificates
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Certificates and the market for Certificates 
generally
Certificates involve a high degree of risk, which may include, among others, interest rate, foreign exchange, 
time value and political risks. Investors in Certificates should recognise that their Certificates may expire 
worthless. Investors should be prepared to sustain a total loss of the purchase price of their Certificates. This 
risk reflects the nature of a Certificate as an asset which, other factors held constant, tends to decline in value 
over time and which may become worthless when it expires (except to the extent of any Cash Settlement 
Amount). See “Certain factors affecting the value and trading price of Certificates” below.
The risk of the loss of some or all of the purchase price of a Certificate upon expiration means that, in order 
to recover and realise a return upon investment, an investor in a Certificate must generally be correct about 
the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated change in the value of the relevant index (or basket of 
indices). Assuming all other factors are held constant, the more a Certificate is “out-of-the-money” and the 
shorter its remaining term to expiration, the greater the risk that investors in such Certificates will lose all or 
part of their investment. The only means through which a Holder can realise value from the Certificate prior 
to the Expiration Date in relation to such Certificate are (i) to sell it at its then market price in an available 
secondary market, or (ii) to exercise its Holder Put Option (if applicable). See “Possible illiquidity of the 
Certificates in the secondary market” below.
Certificates provide opportunities for investment and pose risks to investors as a result of fluctuations in the 
value of the underlying investment. The price of a Certificate from time to time will generally be affected by 
the level of the underlying index or indices to which the relevant Certificate relates more than any other single 
factor. Other factors that may be relevant in determining the price of a Certificate include:

the expected price volatility of the relevant index or indices;

the expected yield (if any) on the relevant index or indices;

interest rates;

time remaining to maturity of the Certificate; and

the nature of exercise rights attaching to the Certificate.
Certain factors affecting the value and trading price of Certificates
The Cash Settlement Amount at any time prior to expiration is typically expected to be less than the trading 
price of such Certificates at that time. The difference between the trading price and the Cash Settlement 
Amount will reflect, among other things, the “time value” of the Certificates. The “time value” of the Certificates 
will depend partly upon the length of the period remaining to expiration and expectations concerning the value 
of the reference index (or basket of indices) as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
Before exercising or selling Certificates, Instrumentholders should carefully consider, among other things, (i) 
the trading price of the Certificates, (ii) the value and volatility of the reference index (or basket of indices) as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (iii) the time remaining to expiration, (iv) the probable range of Cash 
Settlement Amounts, (v) any change(s) in interim interest rates, (vi) any change(s) in currency exchange 
rates, (vii) the depth of the market or liquidity of the reference index (or basket of indices) as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, (viii) any related transaction costs and (ix) any cap or adjustment pursuant to a price 
correction mechanism imposed by a governmental authority, regulator or trading in the Underlying Contracts 
for commodities. 
An optional exercise feature in Certificates is likely to limit their market value. In the case of an optional 
exercise feature, during any period (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) when the Issuer may elect to 
exercise Certificates, the market value of those Certificates generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be exercised. This also may be true prior to any exercise period. Potential investors

--- Page 39 ---
30
should be aware that in certain circumstances, an optional exercise of the Certificates by the Issuer may 
result in a loss of all or a substantial portion of their investment.
Certain considerations regarding hedging 
Prospective investors intending to invest in Certificates to hedge against the market risk associated with 
investing in an index (or basket of indices) should recognise the complexities of utilising Certificates in this 
manner. For example, the value of the Certificates may not exactly correlate with the value of the index (or 
basket of indices). Due to fluctuating supply and demand for the Certificates, there is no assurance that their 
value will correlate with movements of the index (or basket of indices). For these reasons, among others, it 
may not be possible to purchase or liquidate securities in a portfolio at the prices used to calculate the value 
of any relevant index or basket.
Illiquidity of the Certificates in the secondary market
It is not possible to predict the price at which Certificates will trade in the secondary market or whether such 
market will be liquid or illiquid. The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list Certificates on a stock exchange. 
Also, to the extent Certificates of a particular issue are exercised, the number of Certificates of such issue 
outstanding will decrease, resulting in a diminished liquidity for the remaining Certificates of such issue. A 
decrease in the liquidity of an issue of Certificates may cause, in turn, an increase in the volatility associated 
with the price of such issue of Certificates. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Certificates at any price in the open market or by 
tender or private treaty. Any Certificates so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, be a market-maker for an issue of Certificates. Even if the Issuer is a 
market-maker for an issue of Certificates, the secondary market for such Certificates may be limited. In 
addition, Affiliates of the Issuer may purchase Certificates at the time of their initial distribution and from time 
to time thereafter. To the extent that an issue of Certificates becomes illiquid, an investor may have to exercise 
such Certificates to realise value. 
The Issuer may issue Certificates but retain them on its books for later distribution or cancellation. 
Accordingly, investors should not assume that there is liquidity in the market for Certificates by virtue of the 
issue size of a particular Series.
The terms and conditions of the Certificates do not allow a Certificateholder to transfer a number of 
Certificates less than the Minimum Trading Amount
The terms and conditions of a Certificate only allow a Certificateholder to transfer, in any single transaction, 
a number of Certificates greater than or equal to the Minimum Trading Amount. If a Certificateholder holds a 
number of Certificates less than the Minimum Trading Amount, under the terms of the Certificates, it will not 
be able to transfer the Certificates it holds, and will be required to hold such Certificates until the Expiration 
Date.
Additional risks related to Index-linked Instruments
General risks relating to Index-linked Instruments
The Issuer may issue Index-linked Instruments where the Final Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement 
Amount is dependent upon the price or changes in the level of the referenced index or basket of indices. The 
performance of an index or basket of indices is dependent upon the performance of components of such 
index, which may include interest rates, currency developments, political factors and market factors such as 
the general trends in capital markets or broad based indices. If an index does not perform as expected, this 
will materially and adversely affect the value of Index-Linked Instruments.
Investors should take advice accordingly. An investment in Index-linked Instruments will entail significant 
risks not associated with a conventional debt security.
Index Performance depends on multiple and unpredictable factors
Indices underlying an Instrument are comprised of a synthetic portfolio of commodities, shares or other 
assets. The performance of an Index is dependent upon the macroeconomic factors relating to the 
commodities shares or other components that comprise such Index, which may include interest and price 
levels on the capital markets, currency developments, political factors and (in the case of shares) company-
specific factors such as earnings position, market position, risk situation, market liquidity for the constituent 
shares, shareholder structure and dividend policy. Any one or a combination of such factors could adversely

--- Page 40 ---
31
affect the performance of the relevant Index which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on the value of and 
amounts payable under the Instruments.
Amounts payable on the Instruments do not reflect direct investment in the components of the Index
Amounts payable on the Instruments that reference one or more Indices may not be the same as the return 
an Instrumentholder would receive, such Instrumentholder actually owned the relevant assets comprising the 
components of the Index. For example, if the components of the Indices are shares, Instrumentholders will 
not receive any dividends paid on those shares and will not participate in the return on those dividends, save 
where the relevant Index takes such dividends into account for purposes of calculating the relevant level. 
Similarly, Instrumentholders will not have any voting rights in the underlying shares or any other assets which 
may comprise the components of the relevant Index. Accordingly, an Instrumentholder may receive a lower 
return on the Instruments linked to Indices than such Instrumentholder would have received if it had invested 
in the components of such Indices directly.
Index composition or methodology could adversely affect amounts payable under or the value of the 
Instruments
The sponsor of any Index may add, delete or substitute the components of such Index or make other 
methodological changes that could change the level of one or more components. The changing of 
components of any Index may affect the level of such Index as a newly added component may perform 
significantly worse or better than the component it replaces, which in turn may affect the payments made by 
the Issuer to you under the Instruments. The sponsor of any such Index may also alter, discontinue or 
suspend calculation or dissemination of such Index. The sponsor of an Index will have no involvement in the 
offer and sale of the Instruments and will have no obligation to any Instrumentholders. The sponsor of an 
Index may take any actions in respect of such Index without regard to the interests of the Instrumentholders, 
and any of these actions could have a material adverse impact on the value of and return on the Instruments.
Index Adjustment Events, Successor Indices and Cessation of Calculation of an Index
The Calculation Agent has discretionary authority under the terms and conditions of the Instruments to make 
certain determinations and adjustments following changes in the methodology of the Index, permanent 
cancellation of the Index or failure to calculate and publish the level of the Index. The Calculation Agent may 
determine that the consequence of any such event is to make adjustments to the Instruments, or to replace 
such Index with another or to cause early redemption of the Instruments. The Calculation Agent may (subject 
to the terms and conditions of the relevant Instruments) also amend the relevant Index level due to corrections 
in the level reported by the Index Administrator. Any such determination may have a negative adverse effect 
on the value of and return on the Instruments.
If the relevant Index Administrator makes a material modification to the Index or fails to calculate and 
announce the Index, then the Calculation Agent may, at its option, calculate the Index Level in accordance 
with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to such Index Adjustment Event. 
Where the relevant Index Administrator permanently cancels the Index and no Successor Index exists, then 
either (i) the Notes will redeem on the Maturity Date at the Early Redemption Amount (determined on the 
basis of Market Value less Associated Costs), or (ii) the Certificates will automatically redeem on the 
Expiration Date at the Early Cancellation Amount. 
Market Disruption Event 
In the case of Index-linked Instruments, if the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event 
(as defined in the Conditions) has occurred or exists in relation to a Commodity Index, any consequential 
postponement of the Pricing Date or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in any Instruments may 
have an adverse effect on the value of such Instruments. In particular, in the circumstances specified in the 
Instruments, the Calculation Agent may determine the value of the Index. Market Disruption Events include 
various events including without limitation in relation to the Index Level, Price Source, Underlying Contract 
and Linked Contract.
In addition, Market Disruption Events includes an Administrator/Benchmark Event as determined by the 
Calculation Agent . This includes an event causing the administrator or sponsor of any benchmark referenced 
by the Instruments to cease to be registered or to have any regulatory authorisation required to perform its 
functions as administrator or sponsor of such benchmark (which will include, in the case of any Index 
administered by Macquarie Bank, Macquarie Bank for any reason not having obtained any required approval 
or registration as a third country administrator under the Benchmark Regulation prior to the applicable

--- Page 41 ---
32
deadline of 31 December 2025). In such a scenario, the Calculation Agent may determine the value of the 
Index which may have an adverse effect on the value of such Instruments.
Risks relating to Additional Disruption Events
Upon determining that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred in relation to the Components of the 
Index, the Calculation Agent has discretionary authority under the terms and conditions of the Instruments to 
make certain determinations to account for such event including to (i) make adjustments to the terms of the 
Instruments and/or (ii) cause early redemption of the Instruments, any of which determinations may have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Instruments.
Additional Disruption Events include:

if specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a change in applicable law since the Issue 
Date that makes it illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of the Components of the Index or (if specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms) more expensive for the Issuer to hedge its obligations 
under the relevant Instruments; or

if specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a "Hedging Disruption", meaning that the 
hedging entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary 
to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and the Issuer performing its obligations with respect to 
or in connection with the relevant Instruments, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s). Any such determination may have a negative adverse effect on the 
value of and return on the Instruments. 
Risks relating to Hedging Disruption Events
The Calculation Agent has discretion under the terms and conditions of the Instruments to determine whether 
a Hedging Disruption Event has occurred. The Calculation Agent also has discretion to determine the Index 
Level based on the level that would have been realised by the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner. Prospective investors should be aware that these determinations are made at the discretion of the 
Calculation Agent and any such determination may have a negative adverse effect on the value of and return 
on the Instruments.
There is a delay between the Pricing Date and the Final Redemption Date of any Index-linked Notes, 
or the Settlement Date of any Certificates
There will be a period of 31 calendar days (unless otherwise provided for any Series) between the date on 
which the Settlement Price is determined for the purposes of calculating the Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of an Index-linked Note, or the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of a Certificate, and the day on 
which such Final Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount is paid by the Issuer to the Holder of such 
Index-linked Note or Certificate. Accordingly, such Holder will have no right to benefit from the positive 
performance of the relevant index or indices in the period from and including such Pricing Date to such 
payment date.
Leverage will magnify the effect of changes in the referenced index or indices
Index-linked Instruments may reference an index (or indices) which, within its terms, leverages the 
performance of the relevant underlying asset or assets by applying a multiplier to an underlying unleveraged 
index which tracks the performance of the relevant underlying asset or assets (the “Benchmark Index”). In 
such case, the effect of changes in the level or price of such Benchmark Index will be increased, significantly 
increasing the risk that an investor will lose some or all of its investment.
Short indices will be inversely correlated to the referenced index or indices
Index-linked Instruments may reference an index (or indices) whose level will inversely track the performance 
of the relevant underlying asset or assets by applying a multiplier to an underlying index which tracks the 
performance of the Benchmark Index, meaning that as the level of such Benchmark Index (and the price of 
the asset or assets underlying such Benchmark Index) rise, the level of the short index will fall, and vice 
versa, which will affect the value of the relevant Instruments

--- Page 42 ---
33
Index-Linked Instruments are not sold or promoted by an Index or the Index Administrator
The Index Administrator will have no involvement in the offer and sale of any Index-Linked Instruments and 
will have no obligation to any Holder of an Index-Linked Instrument, and will not be liable (whether in 
negligence or otherwise) to any Holder for any error in the referenced index. The Index Administrator may 
take any actions in respect of such index without regard to the interests of any Holder, and any of these 
actions could adversely affect the market value of the Index-Linked Instruments.
Macquarie Bank and the Calculation Agent are not liable for Index Administrator performance of an 
index or use thereof in connection with Index Linked Instruments
The Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning an index from publicly available sources and will not 
independently verify this information. Neither Macquarie Bank as Issuer nor any of its affiliates, or the 
Calculation Agent, makes any representation, whether express or implied, as to the future performance of 
any index which is referenced by any the Index Linked Instruments.
Instruments linked to equity Indices - dividends
The rules governing the composition and calculation of the relevant underlying Index may stipulate that 
dividends distributed on its components are not included in the calculation of the index level, which may result 
in a decrease in the index level if all other circumstances remain the same. In such cases Instrumentholders 
will not participate in dividends or other distributions paid on the components comprising the Index and such 
Instruments would not perform as well as a position where such holder had invested directly in such 
components or where they had invested in a "total return" version of the Index. Even if the rules of the relevant 
underlying Index provide that distributed dividends or other distributions of the components are reinvested in 
the Index, in some circumstances the dividends or other distributions may not be fully reinvested in such 
Index. Accordingly, Instrumentholders may receive a lower return on Instruments linked to Indices than it 
would have received if it had invested in the components of such Indices directly.
Additional risks related to Commodity Index-linked Instruments
Commodity prices may be more volatile than other asset classes
In respect of Commodity Index-linked Instruments, fluctuations in the value of the relevant commodity index 
or indices will affect the value of Commodity Index-linked Instruments. Purchasers of Index-linked Instruments 
risk losing their entire investment if the value of the relevant index or indices does not move in the anticipated 
direction.
Commodity-indices are linked to various commodities or baskets of commodities. There are risks related to 
the underlying commodities. Commodity prices are affected by a variety of factors that are unpredictable 
including, for example, changes in supply and demand relationships, weather patterns and extreme weather 
conditions, governmental programmes and policies, national and international political, military, terrorist and 
economic events, fiscal, monetary and exchange control programmes, changes in interest and exchange 
rates, changes and suspensions or disruptions of market trading activities in commodities and related 
contracts, and government regulation and intervention, including regulatory price intervention such as price 
caps and limits. Commodity prices may be more volatile than other asset classes, making investments in 
commodities riskier than other investments.
The performance of a Commodity index may not track the performance of the relevant physical 
commodities underlying that index
In respect of Commodity Index-linked Instruments prospective investors in Index-linked Instruments should 
carry out their own detailed review of the composition and calculation of each applicable index and the rules 
relating thereto, and ensure that they understand the structure, operation and methodology of the index as 
well as the fees and adjustments and any other amounts deducted from (or added to) the performance of 
such physical commodity or index, the impact such methodology or fees may have on the level of such 
physical commodity or index and the circumstances in which any such fees and adjustments may change. 
As a result of such methodology and any fees and adjustments, an investment in an Index-linked Instrument 
will not replicate the performance of the underlying commodities or index or indices.
Changes in the price of the assets underlying the futures contract included in a futures index will not 
necessarily result in correlated changes in the level of the index and “rolling” of futures.

--- Page 43 ---
34
In the case any commodity index composed of underlying futures contracts, the change in value of those 
underlying futures contracts, and therefore the Index Level of such Index, will not track directly the changes 
in the underlying asset and may fluctuate in value quite differently from the performance of the underlying 
asset, due to the losses and gains that may arise from the rolling of such futures contract.
Index-linked Instruments which are exposed to the market for carbon emissions trading may contain 
additional risks
Index-linked Instruments which reference an index or indices relating to the carbon emissions trading market 
may carry additional risks. Trading in carbon emissions is a developing market and is highly speculative and 
volatile. The carbon emissions trading market has been and may again be subject to temporary distortions 
or other disruptions due to various factors, including the lack of liquidity in the markets, the participation of
speculators and government regulation and intervention. In addition, in respect of the emissions trading 
market in Europe, EU Allowances (EUAs) have been allegedly stolen or “phished” from the national registries 
of several European countries and from the carbon trading accounts of market participants. This has caused 
severe market disruption in the European carbon trading market with delivery of EUAs suspended for 
significant periods. Such market disruption would have a detrimental impact on the value or settlement of 
Index-linked Instruments exposed to the European carbon trading market.

--- Page 44 ---
35
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The documents described below shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus, 
save that any statement contained in any document, or part of a document, which is incorporated by reference 
herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Any document or other information incorporated by reference in 
any of the documents described below does not form part of this Base Prospectus.
Macquarie Bank audited annual financial statements and Macquarie Bank audited consolidated 
annual financial statements and auditor’s reports
The audited annual financial statements of Macquarie Bank and the audited consolidated annual financial 
statements of Macquarie Bank and its controlled entities (together, the “Financial Statements”) for the 
financial years ended 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2022, and the auditor’s report in respect of such annual 
consolidated financial statements, which are set out in, and form part of, the 2021 and 2022 annual report 
(https://www.macquarie.com/assets/macq/investor/reports/2021/macquarie-bank-fy21-annual-report.pdf
and 
https://www.macquarie.com/assets/macq/investor/reports/2022/macquarie-bank-fy22-annual-
report.pdf) of Macquarie Bank, shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus.
The Financial Statements for the financial years ended 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2022 comprise the 
Income Statements, Statements of Comprehensive Income, Statements of Financial Position, Statements of 
Changes in Equity, Statements of Cash Flows, Notes to the Financial Statements and the Directors’ 
Declaration as set out in the 2021 annual report and 2022 annual report of Macquarie Bank. 
2022 Annual Report
2021 Annual Report
Income Statements
67
61
Statements of Comprehensive Income
68
62
Statements of Financial Position 
69
63
Statements of Changes in Equity
70-71
64-65
Statements of Cash Flows 
72
66
Notes to the Financial Statements
73-205
67-208
Directors' Declaration
206
209
Independent Auditor’s Report
207-211
210-214
Any information not forming part of the Financial Statements for the financial years ended 31 March 2021 
and 31 March 2022 and the auditor’s report in respect of such Financial Statements, but included in the 2021 
annual report and 2022 annual report of Macquarie Bank is not incorporated in, and does not form part of, 
this Base Prospectus.
Macquarie Bank Interim report
The interim financial report of Macquarie Bank, which includes the unaudited financial statements of 
Macquarie Bank consolidated with its controlled entities for the half years ended 30 September 2021, 31 
March 2022 and 30 September 2022 and the Independent Auditor’s Review Report in respect of such 
financial statements (https://www.macquarie.com/assets/macq/investor/reports/2023/macquarie-bank-hy23-
interim-report.pdf), shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference into, and to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus.
The unaudited financial statements of Macquarie Bank Limited consolidated with its controlled entities for the 
half years ended 30 September 2022, 31 March 2022 and 30 September 2021 includes the Consolidated 
Income Statement, Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Statement of Financial 
Position, Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity, Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements, Directors’ Declaration and the Independent Auditor’s Review Report.  
These can be located in the Interim Financial Report on the following pages:

--- Page 45 ---
36
Interim Financial Report
Consolidated Income Statements
19
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
20
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
21
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
22
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
23
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
24 - 61
Directors’ declaration
62
Independent auditor’s Review Report
63
If any information listed in the table above itself incorporates any information or other documents therein, 
either expressly or implicitly, such information or other documents will not be incorporated in, or form part of, 
this Base Prospectus.
Previous Terms and Conditions
The Terms and Conditions of the Instruments set out on:

pages 40-84, 85-93 and 94-96 of the Base Prospectus dated 14 October 2021 relating to the 
Programme 
(https://www.macquarie.com/assets/macq/investor/other-securities/macquarie-bank-
limited-london-branch-index-linked-notes-and-certificates-programme/base-prospectus-dated-14-
oct-2021.pdf), which will be updated upon the publication of this 2022 Base Prospectus; 

pages 36-79, 80-96 and 97-102 of the Base Prospectus dated 16 September 2020 relating to the 
Programme 
(https://www.macquarie.com/assets/macq/investor/other-securities/macquarie-bank-
limited-london-branch-index-linked-notes-and-certificates-programme/pages-36-68-80-90-and-97-
107-of-the-base-prospectus-dated-16-september-2020-relating-to-the-programme.pdf);

pages 45-75, 86-96 and 102-105 of the Base Prospectus dated 11 July 2019 relating to the 
Programme 
(https://www.macquarie.com/assets/macq/investor/other-securities/macquarie-bank-
limited-london-branch-index-linked-notes-and-certificates-programme/pages-45-75-86-96-and-102-
105-of-the-base-prospectus-dated-11-july-2019.pdf);

pages 45-72, 82-92 and 98-101of the Base Prospectus dated 7 September 2018 relating to the 
Programme 
(https://www.macquarie.com/assets/macq/investor/other-securities/macquarie-bank-
limited-london-branch-index-linked-notes-and-certificates-programme/pages-45-72-82-92-and-98-
101-of-the-base-prospectus-dated-7-september-2018.pdf); 

pages 44-70, 80-90 and 96-99 of the Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2017 relating to the 
Programme 
(https://www.macquarie.com/assets/macq/investor/other-securities/macquarie-bank-
limited-london-branch-index-linked-notes-and-certificates-programme/pages-44-70-80-90-and-96-
99-of-the-base-prospectus-dated-20-december-2017.pdf);

pages 43-69, 78-88 and 93-96 of the Base Prospectus dated 20 October 2016 relating to the 
Programme 
(https://www.macquarie.com/assets/macq/investor/other-securities/macquarie-bank-
limited-london-branch-index-linked-notes-and-certificates-programme/pages-43-69-78-88-and-93-
96-of-the-base-prospectus-dated-20-october-2016.pdf);

pages 41-67, 76-86 and 91-94 of the Base Prospectus dated 29 July 2015 relating to the Programme 
(https://www.macquarie.com/assets/macq/investor/other-securities/macquarie-bank-limited-london-
branch-index-linked-notes-and-certificates-programme/pages-41-67-76-86-and-91-94-of-the-base-
prospectus-dated-29-july-2015.pdf); and

pages 37-63, 72-82 and 87-90 of the Base Prospectus dated 11 April 2014 relating to the Programme 
(https://www.macquarie.com/assets/macq/investor/other-securities/macquarie-bank-limited-london-
branch-index-linked-notes-and-certificates-programme/pages-37-63-72-82-and-87-90-of-the-base-
prospectus-dated-11-april-2014.pdf),

--- Page 46 ---
37
are incorporated by reference in and form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The parts of the Base Prospectus dated 14 October 2021, Base Prospectus dated 16 September 2020, Base 
Prospectus dated 11 July 2019, Base Prospectus dated 7 September 2018, Base Prospectus dated 20 
December 2017, Base Prospectus dated 20 October 2016, the Base Prospectus dated 29 July 2015 and the 
Base Prospectus dated 11 April 2014 which are not incorporated in this Base Prospectus are either not 
relevant for the investor or are covered in another part of this Base Prospectus.
* * * * * * *
Except those specific page numbers or sections incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus 
accordingly to the detailed cross-reference list above, no other sections or pages of those relevant documents 
shall be incorporated or deemed to be incorporated into this Base Prospectus. Any non-incorporated parts of 
a document incorporated by reference herein which is not incorporated in, and does not form part of, this 
Base Prospectus is either not relevant for investors or is contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.
Macquarie Bank will provide, without charge, upon the written request of any person, a copy of any or all of 
the documents which, or portions of which, are incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference. Written 
requests for such documents should be directed to Macquarie Bank at its office set out at the end of this Base 
Prospectus. In addition, such documents will be available for inspection and available free of charge at the 
offices of the Paying Agents or Certificate Agents (save that the Issue Terms relating to unlisted Instruments 
will only be provided to a holder of such Instruments and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to 
the relevant Paying Agent or Certificate Agent as to the identity of such holder). Requests for such documents 
should be directed to the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or Principal Certificate Agent in London 
or the Paying Agent or Certificate Agent in Luxembourg.
Documents incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference are also published on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s internet site https://www.luxse.com/programme/Programme-MacquarieBk/14060.
All information which Macquarie Bank has published or made available to the public in compliance with its 
obligations under the laws of Australia dealing with the regulation of securities, issuers of securities and 
securities markets has been released to the Australian Securities Exchange operated by ASX Limited (“ASX”) 
in compliance with the continuous disclosure requirements of the ASX Listing Rules.
References to internet site addresses or uniform resource locators (URLs) in this Base Prospectus are 
included as textual references only and the contents of any such internet sites or URLs are not incorporated 
by reference into, and do not form part of, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 47 ---
38
FORM OF INSTRUMENTS
Form of the Notes
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered 
form, without interest coupons attached. Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S.
Bearer Notes
Where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially 
issued in the form of a temporary global note (a “Temporary Bearer Global Note”) or, if TEFRA D is not so 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a permanent global note (a “Permanent Bearer Global Note” and, 
together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a “Bearer Global Note”) which, in either case, will be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”).
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note) only to the extent that certification 
(in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global 
Note are not U.S. Persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. Person, as required by 
U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it 
has received) to the Principal Paying Agent.
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request 
as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons 
attached (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to 
such notice period as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms), in each case against certification of 
beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that 
purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. Persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. 
The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal 
or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary 
Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is 
improperly withheld or refused.
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) 
of the Permanent Bearer Global Note) without any requirement for certification.
Interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, 
for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached only upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of 
Default (as defined in Condition 11) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will 
become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by 
Notes in definitive form.
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 if an Exchange Event 
occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Global 
Registered Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of 
receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent.
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) which have 
an original maturity of more than 365 days and on all receipts and interest coupons relating to such Notes:

--- Page 48 ---
39
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN 
SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.”
The sections referred to provide that United States persons, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes, 
receipts or interest coupons.
The term “United States person”, as used in this paragraph and in the preceding paragraph, has the 
meaning set forth in the Internal Revenue Code and the U.S. Treasury regulations thereunder.
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any additional or 
alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Issue Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent from time to time and notified to Noteholders.
Registered Notes
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will be offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S to persons that 
are not U.S. persons (as such term is defined in Regulation S) outside the United States and will initially be 
represented by a global note in registered form (a “Global Registered Note”). Beneficial interests in a Global 
Registered Note may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person (as such term 
is defined in Regulation S) and such Global Registered Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions 
on transfer.
Global Registered Notes will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Global Registered Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may 
be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of Definitive Bearer Notes in fully 
registered form.
The Global Registered Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear 
a legend regarding such restrictions.
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Global Registered Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
7.5) as the registered holder of the Global Registered Notes. None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the 
Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or 
deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Global Registered Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 7.5) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner 
provided in that Condition.
Interests in a Global Registered Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have 
been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in 
any such case, no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to 
adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by Notes in definitive
form. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 if an Exchange Event 
occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Global 
Registered Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Registrar.

--- Page 49 ---
40
Transfer of Interests
Interests in a Global Registered Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Global Registered Note. No beneficial 
owner of an interest in a Global Registered Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance 
with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Registered Notes are also 
subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such
restrictions, see “Subscription and Sale” and “Notice to Purchasers and Transfer Restrictions”.
General
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common 
code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche 
of the same Series until at least the expiry of any applicable period that by law or regulation would require 
such Notes not to be fungible.
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent from time to time 
and notified to Noteholders.
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 11. In such 
circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) 
has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the 
amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then the Global Note 
will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on the day immediately following such day. At the same time 
holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of 
statements of account provided by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a 
deed of covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 11 April 2014 and executed by the Issuer.
The Issuer may agree with the Dealers that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in 
relation to such Notes.
Form of the Certificates
The Certificates of each Series will be in registered form. The Certificates will be represented by a global 
certificate (the “Global Registered Certificate”) which will be deposited with a Common Depositary.

--- Page 50 ---
41
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Such Terms and Conditions as completed by, in the case of Commodity Index-linked 
Notes only, the Commodity Index-linked Conditions set out in the Annex to these Terms and 
Conditions, and Part A of the applicable Issue Terms, or subject to completion, amendment and/or 
variation in accordance with the relevant section of an Alternative Drawdown Document, as the case 
may be, shall be applicable to the Notes including Notes linked to other reference indices including 
proprietary indices.
Either (i) the full text of these Terms and Conditions together with the Commodity Index-linked 
Conditions (if applicable) and the relevant provisions of Part A of the applicable Issue Terms or the 
relevant section of an Alternative Drawdown Document, as the case may be, or (ii) these Terms and 
Conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification by the 
deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on any Bearer Note or on any Certificate 
relating to a Registered Note.
In respect of the Notes, “Issue Terms” means the applicable “Final Terms” for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation completed by the Issuer which specifies the issue details of the Notes 
or, in all other cases, the applicable terms and conditions set out in the “Alternative Drawdown 
Document” which may include a pricing supplement, a prospectus relating to the Notes or other 
similar document incorporating by reference the whole or any part of these Terms and Conditions
and the Commodity Index-linked Conditions set out in the Annex to these Terms and Conditions (if 
applicable). References in the Conditions to Notes are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes 
that may be issued under the Programme.
Instruments may be issued pursuant to the Programme (as defined below) which are described in the 
applicable Alternative Drawdown Document as being “Certificates”, notwithstanding that such 
Instruments are issued on the basis of these Terms and Conditions. For the purposes thereof, 
references in these Terms and Conditions to a “Note” or “Notes” shall be read and construed as 
references to a “Certificate” or “Certificates”, respectively.
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of notes (the “Notes”) issued by Macquarie Bank Limited, 
London Branch (the “Issuer”) pursuant to and in accordance with the Agency Agreement (as defined below).
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean:
(a)
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency;
(b)
any Global Note;
(c)
any Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), whether Definitive Bearer Notes (issued in exchange for 
a Global Note) or Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form (“Bearer Global Notes”); and
(d)
any Notes in registered form (“Registered Notes”), whether Definitive Registered Notes or Notes 
represented by a Global Note in registered form (“Global Registered Notes”).
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an 
amended and restated agency agreement dated on or about 7 March 2023 (such agency agreement as 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) and entered 
into between, inter alia, the Issuer, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in its capacity as the principal paying 
agent (the “Principal Paying Agent”, which expression shall include any successor to Deutsche Bank AG, 
London in its capacity as such), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as the paying agent in Luxembourg (the 
“Luxembourg Paying Agent”, which expression shall include any successor to Deutsche Bank AG, London 
in its capacity as such) and any other Agents named therein.
The expression “Agents” shall include the Principal Paying Agent and any transfer agent (“Transfer Agent”), 
and any registrar (“Registrar”) and any other paying agents subsequently appointed (together with the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Luxembourg Paying Agent, the “Paying Agents”), successors thereto in such 
capacity and any additional or substitute agents appointed to the Programme from time to time. Macquarie 
Bank Limited, London Branch (or any successors, assigns, replacements, additional or substitute calculation 
agent appointed to the Programme from time to time) shall undertake the duties of calculation agent (the 
“Calculation Agent”) in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
42
Interest bearing Definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the applicable 
Issue Terms, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to “Coupons” or 
“coupons” shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to “Talons” or 
“talons”. Definitive Notes repayable in instalments have receipts (“Receipts”) for the payment of the 
instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Registered Notes and Global 
Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue.
With respect to the Notes of any Series, “Conditions” means these Terms and Conditions as modified and 
supplemented by any product specific conditions (including the Commodity Index-linked Conditions) and 
further subject to completion and amendment, and as completed by the applicable Issue Terms, provided 
that where such Notes are issued by way of Final Terms pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, the 
Conditions may not be amended, supplemented or varied by the provisions of the Final Terms.
References to a particularly numbered master Condition shall be construed as a reference to the master 
Condition so numbered in the master Conditions. Any reference to “Noteholders” or “Holders” in relation to 
any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered 
Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented 
by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to “Receiptholders” shall mean the 
holders of the Receipts and any reference herein to “Couponholders” shall mean the holders of the Coupons 
and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons.
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices.
The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of 
Covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 11 April 2014 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed 
of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (each as defined 
below).
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent. Copies of the applicable Issue Terms 
are available for viewing at the specified office of the Issuer and each Paying Agent and copies may be 
obtained from those specified offices save that, if this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Issue Terms will only 
be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to 
the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Issue 
Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries of, 
and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement.
1.
Form, denomination and title
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and, in 
the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s). 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Dealers
(if any) and as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note will be such as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, and save 
that the minimum denomination of each Note will be EUR100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated 
in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency, determined using the market 
exchange rate as at the Issue Date). 
Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa.
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of 
any of the foregoing depending on the Interest Basis specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 52 ---
43
This Note may be an Instalment Note, an Index-linked Note or a combination of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not 
applicable.
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery, and 
title to the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem 
and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon and the registered holder of any 
Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes 
but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph.
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of 
such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes 
other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, 
for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the 
relevant Global Registered Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global 
Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly.
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. References to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to 
include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent from time to 
time and notified to Noteholders.
2.
Transfers of Registered Notes
2.1
Transfers of interests in Global Registered Notes
Transfers of beneficial interests in Global Registered Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests. A beneficial interest in a Global Registered Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Global Registered Note only in the authorised denominations set out in 
the applicable Issue Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the 
time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with 
the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement.
2.2
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form
Subject as provided in Conditions 2.5 and 2.6 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions 
set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole 
or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Issue Terms). In order to effect 
any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for registration of 
the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office 
of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof 
or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other 
certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent 
must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the 
person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the

--- Page 53 ---
44
Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe. Subject as provided above, the relevant 
Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open 
for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the 
request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws 
or regulations), deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the 
transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee 
may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the 
Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer 
of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect 
of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so delivered or (at the risk of the 
transferor) sent to the transferor.
2.3
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 8, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial 
redemption.
2.4
Costs of registration
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any 
stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration.
2.5
Closed periods
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (a) during the period of 
15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Note, (b) during the period of 15 days prior to 
any date on which Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 8.5 or 
(c) after any such Note has been drawn for redemption in whole or in part.
2.6
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form may exchange such Notes for interests in a Global 
Registered Note of the same type at any time. Holders of Bearer Notes cannot exchange their Notes 
for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
2.7
Definitions
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:
“CEA” means the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended.
“Dealers” means Macquarie Bank Limited, London Branch and Macquarie Bank Europe Designated 
Activity Company, or any successors, assigns, replacements, additional or substitute dealers 
appointed to the Programme from time to time, and “Dealer” means any one of them;
“Regulation S” means Regulation S under the Securities Act;
“Global Registered Note” means a Global Registered Note representing Notes sold outside the 
United States in reliance on Regulation S; and
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
3.
Status of the Notes
The Notes and any related Receipts and Coupons are direct, unsubordinated, unconditional and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank equally among themselves Claims against the Issuer in 
respect of Notes, Receipts and Coupons rank at least equally with the claims of its unsecured and 
unsubordinated creditors (except creditors mandatorily preferred by law).

--- Page 54 ---
45
4.
Redenomination
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders on giving prior 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent, Registrar (if applicable), Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, 
elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the Notes shall be 
redenominated in euro.
The election will have effect as follows:
(A)
the Notes and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the denomination 
of euro 0.01 with a nominal amount for each Note and Receipt equal to the nominal amount 
of that Note or Receipt in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at the Established 
Rate, provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the Principal Paying 
Agent, that the then market practice in respect of the redenomination in euro of internationally 
offered securities is different from the provisions specified above, such provisions shall be 
deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and the Issuer shall 
promptly notify the Noteholders, the stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes may be 
listed, the Paying Agents and the Registrar of such deemed amendments;
(B)
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph 
(D) below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by reference 
to the aggregate nominal amount of Notes presented (or, as the case may be, in respect of 
which Coupons are presented) for payment by the relevant holder and the amount of such 
payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01;
(C)
if Definitive Bearer Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall 
be issued at the expense of the Issuer in the case of Notes in the denominations of euro 
1,000, euro 10,000, euro 100,000 and (but only to the extent of any remaining amounts less 
than euro 1,000 or such smaller denominations as the Principal Paying Agent may approve) 
euro 0.01 and such other denominations as the Principal Paying Agent shall determine and 
notify to the Noteholders;
(D)
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with effect from 
the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the “Exchange Notice”) that replacement euro-
denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons are available for exchange (provided that such 
securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. The payment 
obligations contained in any Notes and Receipts so issued will also become void on that date 
although those Notes and Receipts will continue to constitute valid exchange obligations of 
the Issuer. New euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons will be issued in exchange 
for Notes, Receipts and Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner as 
the Principal Paying Agent may specify and as shall be notified to the Noteholders in the 
Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be given less than 15 days prior to any date for 
payment of principal or interest on the Notes;
(E)
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the 
Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the Notes to the 
Specified Currency were to euro. Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a 
euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified 
by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque;
(F)
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an 
Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated:
(1)
in the case of the Notes represented by a Global Note, by applying the Rate of Interest 
to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note; and
(2)
in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount,

--- Page 55 ---
46
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed 
Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for 
the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to 
reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding;
(G)
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the applicable Issue Terms will specify any relevant 
changes to the provisions relating to interest; and
(H)
such other changes shall be made to this condition as the Issuer may decide, after 
consultation with the Paying Agents, and as may be specified in the notice, to conform it to 
conventions applicable to instruments denominated in euro.
5.
Definitions
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement, used in the applicable Issue Terms or 
defined in the Commodity Index-linked Conditions shall have the same meanings where used in these 
Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided 
that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Issue Terms, 
the applicable Issue Terms will prevail.
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the following the following expressions have the 
following meanings:
“Accrual Yield” if applicable, has the meaning specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Calculation Amount” means, in respect of a Note, the amount in the Specified Currency specified 
the applicable Issue Terms.
“Commodity Index-linked Note” means a Note for which the Redemption/Payment Basis specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms is “Commodity Index-linked Note”.
“Commodity Index-linked Conditions” means the additional terms and conditions for Commodity
Index-linked Instruments as set out in the Annex to these Terms and Conditions.
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with Condition 6:
(A)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms:
(1)
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or
(2)
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of:
(a)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; and
(b)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year;

--- Page 56 ---
47
(B)
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (1) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (2) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);
(C)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365;
(D)
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366;
(E)
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360;
(F)
if “30/360 (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360;
(G)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2- Y1)] + [30 x (M2- M1)] + (D2 - D1)	
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30.
(H)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2- Y1)] + [30 x (M2- M1)] + (D2 - D1)	
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 57 ---
48
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
(I)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2- Y1)] + [30 x (M2- M1)] + (D2 - D1)	
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30;
and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date).
“Established Rate” means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Community 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 of 
the Treaty.
“euro” means the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that have adopted the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed in Rome 
on 25 March 1957), as amended by the Treaty on the European Union (signed in Maastricht on 7 
February 1992).
“Index Level” has the meaning given to it in Commodity Index-linked Condition 1.
“Index Business Day” means in respect of an Index, a day on which (i) the Index Administrator 
announces or publishes (or would have announced or published, but for the occurrence of a Market 
Disruption Event) the Index Level on the Price Source, and (ii) the Exchange is open for trading (or 
would have been, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event) during its regular trading 
session, notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time.
“Index-linked Note” means a Note for which the Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms is “Index-linked Note” and the specific terms applicable to such Index-linked 
Note shall be set out in the Issue Terms or in specific product conditions applicable to such Note.
“Initial Price”, in relation to each Index-linked Note on the Initial Pricing Date, means:
(A)
in the case of Index-linked Notes relating to a single Index, the Index Level in respect of such 
Index on the Initial Pricing Date; or

--- Page 58 ---
49
(B)
in the case of Index-linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices, an amount equal to the sum 
of the Index Levels in respect of each Index comprised in the Basket of Indices on the Initial 
Pricing Date multiplied by the applicable Weighting,
in each case, multiplied by the applicable Initial Price Multiplier.
“Initial Price Multiplier” means a number, expressed as a percentage, that may be applied in 
determining the Initial Price in respect of an Index-linked Note, which shall be 100% unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Initial Pricing Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if such day 
is not an Index Business Day, the next following Index Business Day.
“Issuer Call Option Period” means 31 calendar days, or such other number of Business Days (which 
may not be less than 5 calendar days) following as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Investor Put Option Period” means 31 calendar days, or such other number of Business Days 
(which may not be less than 5 calendar days) following as may be specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms.
“Maturity Date” means the date specified in the applicable Issue Terms (the “Scheduled Maturity 
Date”), provided that:
(A)
if the Notes fall for early redemption following the occurrence of a Stop Loss Redemption 
Event, if applicable, as determined in accordance with Condition 8.3, or an Additional 
Disruption Event, if applicable, as provided in Commodity Index-Linked Condition 4, the 
Maturity Date shall be the earlier of (i) the day that the Stop Loss Notice Period following the 
Pricing Date and (ii) the Scheduled Maturity Date, provided that if such day is not an Index 
Business Day, such day shall be the following Index Business Day; and
(B)
if the Pricing Date is postponed due to the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, the 
Maturity Date shall be postponed, if needed, to be the later of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date 
and (ii) the day that falls three Business Days following the applicable Deferred Pricing Date. 
“Pricing Date” means (subject to the occurrence of a Stop Loss Redemption Event (if applicable)) 
the date that falls five Index Business Days prior to the Maturity Date (the “Scheduled Pricing Date”), 
provided that:
(A)
in the case of a Cessation of Calculation of Commodity Index as described in Commodity 
Index-linked Condition 5.3, the Pricing Date shall be the Index Business Day falling 
immediately prior to the effective cancellation of the Index; and
(B)
in event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing on the Scheduled 
Pricing Date, then the Pricing Date shall be deferred to the last date of determination of the 
Index Level in respect of any Index referenced by the Notes (the “Deferred Pricing Date”), 
as determined in accordance with Commodity Index-linked Condition 3.
“Redenomination Date” means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment of 
interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case specified by 
the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 4 above and which falls on or 
after the date on which the country of the Specified Currency first participates in the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union.
“Reference Banks” means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the inter-bank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over the counter index options market) that is most closely connected 
with the Reference Rate.
“Reference Rate” means: (i) the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”); (ii) the Secured 
Overnight Finance Rate (“SOFR”); or (iii) the Eurozone interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”) for the 
designated maturity as specified in the relevant applicable Issue Terms.
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service on which the Reference Rate may be published (if Screen Rate Determination 
applies) as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms and any successor thereto.

--- Page 59 ---
50
“Settlement Price”, in relation to each Note on a Pricing Date, means:
(A)
in the case of Index-linked Notes relating to a single Index, the Index Level in respect of such 
Index on such Pricing Date; or
(B)
in the case of Index-linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices, the sum of the Index Levels 
in respect of each Index comprised in the Basket of Indices multiplied by the applicable 
Weighting.
“Specified Currency” means USD, EUR or GBP, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Stop Loss Period” means 31 calendar days, or such other number of days (which may not be less 
than 5 Index Business Days) following as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent.
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.
“Weighting” means, in respect of each Index comprised in a Basket of Indices, the percentage 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
6.
Interest
6.1
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.
If the Notes are in definitive form except as provided in the applicable Issue Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified.
As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date.
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to:
(A)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or
(B)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of 
the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding.
6.2
Interest on Floating Rate Notes
(A)
Interest Payment Dates

--- Page 60 ---
51
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on 
either:
(1)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms; or
(2)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
“Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified 
as the Specified Period in the applicable Issue Terms after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in 
these Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date 
(or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date).
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:
(a)
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with paragraph (2)
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of 
(x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of II below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or
(b)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or
(c)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or
(d)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
In these Terms and Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both:
(i)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Business Day Centre specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, or, if no Business Day Centre is so specified, in London; and
(ii)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (as defined in the applicable Issue Terms) or (2) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the “TARGET2 System”) 
is open.
(B)
Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 61 ---
52
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in accordance with “ISDA Determination” or “Screen Rate Determination”, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
(1)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Issue Terms) the margin (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms (“Margin”).
For the purposes of this sub paragraph (i):
“ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would 
be determined by the Principal Paying Agent under an interest rate Swap Transaction 
if the Principal Paying Agent were acting as “Calculation Agent” for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which:
(a)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms;
(b)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Issue Terms;
(c)
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is 
based on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate (“EURIBOR”), the first day of 
that Interest Period or (ii) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (provided that such Reset Date shall not be less than five London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date unless expressly agreed 
otherwise with the Principal Paying Agent (or such other person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the person responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest); and
(d)
the Period End Dates are each Interest Payment Date, the Spread is the Margin 
and the Floating Rate Day Count Fraction is the Day Count Fraction.
For these purposes, “Swap Transaction”, “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent” 
(except references to the “Calculation Agent for the Notes”), “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” “Period End Date” , “Spread” and “Floating 
Rate Day Count Fraction”, have the meanings given to those terms in the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions as amended and updated in the case of each Series as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the relevant Notes, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (the “ISDA Definitions”).
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero.
The definition of ‘Fallback Observation Day’ in the ISDA Definitions shall be deemed 
to be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
“‘Fallback Observation Day’ means, in respect of a Reset Date and the Calculation 
Period (or any Compounding Period included in that Calculation Period) to which that 
Reset Date relates, unless otherwise agreed, the day that is five Business Days 
preceding the related Payment Date.”
(2)
(a)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SONIA
or SOFR
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and unless the 
Reference Rate in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being “Compounded Daily SONIA”,
“SONIA Index Determination”, “Average SONIA”, “SOFR Arithmetic Mean”,

--- Page 62 ---
53
“SOFR Delay Compound”, “SOFR Index Compound”, “SOFR Lockout 
Compound”, “SOFR Lookback Compound” or “SOFR Shift Compound”, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
either:
(i)
the offered quotation (where “Offered Quotation” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms); or
(ii)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations (where 
“Arithmetic Mean” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms),
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service which displays that information) as at the 
Relevant Time in the Relevant Financial Centre on the Interest Determination 
Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. If five or more 
of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent 
for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of such offered quotations.
In the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of 
(i) above, no such quotation appears or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in
the preceding paragraph:
(A)
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if in the case of (a) above, 
no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (b) above, fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time 
specified in the preceding paragraph, the Issuer shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Screen Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with such offered quotations, 
the Screen Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards) of such offered quotations, as calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent; and
(B)
if on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Principal Paying Agent with such offered quotations 
as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Screen Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Principal Paying 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the 
rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Principal Paying 
Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such 
banks were offered, at approximately the Relevant Screen Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, for deposits in the relevant currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate by leading banks in the relevant inter-bank market or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with such 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the relevant currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates 
for deposits in the relevant currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the

--- Page 63 ---
54
Relevant Screen Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any 
one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in the relevant inter-bank market, provided that, 
if the Screen Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Screen Rate shall be determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date for the last preceding 
Interest Period.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (2), “Reference Rate”, “Relevant Screen 
Page”, “Relevant Time” and “Interest Determination Date” have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Issue Terms.
(b)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA
(i)
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Issuer Terms as being 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”, the Rate of Interest for a SONIA Interest 
Accrual Period (as defined below) will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA Formula Rate with respect to such SONIA 
Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Issue 
Terms) the Margin (if any).
In these Terms and Conditions:
“Compounded Daily SONIA Formula Rate” means, with respect to a 
SONIA Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment in Sterling (with the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards): 

 1 +  × 
365



−1 × 365
!
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days:
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant SONIA Interest Accrual Period; or
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period;
“d0” is the number of London Banking Days in:
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant SONIA Interest Accrual Period; or
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period;
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first London Banking Day in:

--- Page 64 ---
55
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant SONIA Interest Accrual Period; or
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such London Banking Day "i" up to (but excluding) 
the following London Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of a SONIA Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant SONIA Interest Accrual 
Period to (but excluding) the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior 
to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period or (B) (in the case of any other SONIA Interest 
Accrual Period) the date on which the relevant payment of interest falls 
due; 
“p” means:
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days included in the 
“Lag Lookback Period (p)" in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is so specified, five London Banking Days; ); or
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days 
included in the "Observation Shift Period" in the relevant Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five London Banking 
Days);
“SONIA reference rate” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, 
is a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(“SONIA”) rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on 
the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking 
Day; and
“SONIAi” means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i":
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the SONIA reference rate in respect of the London 
Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
London Banking Day "i"; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, the SONIA reference rate in respect of 
the relevant London Banking Day "i",
which in each case shall not be less than three London Banking Days at 
any time and shall, unless otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying 
Agent (or such other person specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the person responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest), be no less 
than five London Banking Days.

--- Page 65 ---
56
(ii)
Where "Screen Rate Determination " is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"SONIA Index Determination", the Rate of Interest for a SONIA Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the SONIA 
Compounded Index Rate with respect to such SONIA Interest Accrual 
Period plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any).
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means, with respect to a SONIA 
Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment as calculated by the Principal Paying Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards):
"
#$%&' ()*+),-. &-./012
#$%&' ()*+),-. &-./34564 −17 ×
89:

where:
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation 
to which "SONIA Compounded IndexStart" is determined to (but excluding) 
the day in relation to which "SONIA Compounded IndexEnd" is determined 
(being the number of calendar days in the applicable reference period);
“London Banking Day” has the meaning set out in Condition
6.2(B)(2)(b)(i); 
“Relevant Number” is as specified in the relevant Final Terms which shall 
not be less than three London Banking days at any time and shall, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying Agent (or such other person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the person responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest), be no less than five London Banking 
Days;
“SONIA Compounded IndexEnd” means the SONIA Compounded Index 
value relating to the London Banking Day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) (in the case of any 
other SONIA Interest Accrual Period) the date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due;
“SONIA Compounded IndexStart” means the SONIA Compounded Index 
value relating to the London Banking Day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant SONIA Interest 
Accrual Period; and
“SONIA Compounded Index” means, with respect to any London 
Banking Day, the value of the SONIA Compounded Index that is provided 
by the administrator of the SONIA reference rate to authorised distributors 
and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors) in respect of such London Banking Day.
If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed 
by the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or other information 
service at the Relevant Time specified in the relevant Final Terms on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the SONIA Compounded Index 
Rate for the applicable Interest Period for which the SONIA Compounded 
Index is not available shall be the "Compounded Daily SONIA Formula 
Rate" determined in accordance with the foregoing as if the Reference 
Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms were "Compounded Daily 
SONIA Formula" (and not "SONIA Index Determination"), and for these

--- Page 66 ---
57
purposes: (i) the "Observation Method" shall be deemed to be 
"Observation Shift", and (ii) the "Observation Shift Period" shall be 
deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of London Banking Days, as 
if those alternative elections had been made in the relevant Final Terms. 
(iii)
Where "Screen Rate Determination " is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"Average SONIA", the Rate of Interest for a SONIA Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the Average SONIA Rate with 
respect to such SONIA Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any).
“Average SONIA Rate” means, with respect to a SONIA Interest Accrual 
Period, the arithmetic mean of the SONIA reference rate in effect during 
such SONIA Interest Accrual Period as calculated by the Principal Paying
Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards): 
∑
 × 


!
where “d0”, “i”, “SONIA reference rate”, “SONIAi”, “ni” and “d” have the 
meanings set out in Condition 6.2(B)(2)(b)(i).
(iv)
For the purposes of Conditions 6.2(B)(2)(b)(i) and 6.2(B)(2)(b)(iii) above, 
if , in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation 
Period or the relevant SONIA Interest Accrual Period, as applicable, the 
Principal Paying Agent determines that the applicable SONIA reference 
rate has not been made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then 
the Principal Paying Agent shall determine the SONIA reference rate in 
respect of such London Banking Day as being: 
(a)
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing 
at 5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on such London 
Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London 
Banking Days in respect of which the SONIA reference rate has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more 
than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
the lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one 
only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or
(b)
if the Bank Rate under (a)(i) above is not available at the relevant 
time, either (i) the SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day in respect 
of which the SONIA reference rate was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) or (ii) if this is more recent, the latest rate determined 
under (a)(i) above,
and in each case "SONIA reference rate" shall be interpreted 
accordingly.

--- Page 67 ---
58
(v)
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions, the Interest Rate shall be: 
(1)
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate
of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant SONIA Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding SONIA Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest Rate and/or Minimum Rate of Interest
(as the case may be) relating to the relevant SONIA Interest 
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to that last 
preceding SONIA Interest Accrual Period); or
(2)
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Interest Rate which would have been applicable to such Series of 
Floating Rate Notes for the first scheduled Interest Period had the 
Floating Rate Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to 
the first scheduled Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) 
the Interest Commencement Date (and applying the Margin and, if 
applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest, applicable to the first scheduled Interest Period).
As used herein, a “SONIA Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each 
Interest Period and (ii) any other period (if any) in respect of which interest 
is to be calculated, being the period from (and including) the first day of 
such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 6, shall be the 
date on which such Floating Rate Notes become due and payable).
(vi)
If the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes becomes due and payable 
in accordance with Condition 11, the final Interest Rate shall be calculated 
for the SONIA Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date on which 
the Floating Rate Note become so due and payable, and such Interest 
Rate shall continue to apply to the Floating Rate Notes for so long as 
interest continues to accrue thereon in accordance with Condition 6.3 and 
the Agency Agreement.
(c)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR
(i)
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"SOFR Arithmetic Mean", the Rate of Interest for a SOFR Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the SOFR Arithmetic Mean with 
respect to such SOFR Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any).
“SOFR Arithmetic Mean” means, with respect to a SOFR Interest 
Accrual Period, the arithmetic mean of the SOFR rates for each day 
during such SOFR Interest Accrual Period as calculated by the Principal 
Paying Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where the 
SOFR rate on the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date shall be used for the days in 
the period from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but 
excluding) (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period or (B) (in the case of any other SOFR 
Interest Accrual Period) the date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due.

--- Page 68 ---
59
(ii)
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"SOFR Delay Compound", the Rate of Interest for a SOFR Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the SOFR-DELAY-
COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any).
“SOFR-DELAY-COMPOUND” means, with respect to a SOFR Interest 
Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compounded interest 
investment calculated by the Principal Paying Agent on each SOFR 
Interest Payment Determination Date, as follows:

 1 + <= > 
360

@

−1 > 360
!
where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Interest 
Accrual Period;
“d0”, for any SOFR Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant SOFR Interest 
Accrual Period;
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business
Day in the relevant SOFR Interest Accrual Period;
“SOFR Interest Accrual Period End Dates” means the dates specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, ending on the Maturity Date or, if the Notes
are elected to be redeemed on any earlier redemption date, the 
redemption date;
“SOFR Interest Payment Determination Date” means the SOFR 
Interest Accrual Period End Date at the end of each SOFR Interest 
Accrual Period; provided that the SOFR Interest Payment Determination 
Date with respect to the final SOFR Interest Accrual Period will be the 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date;
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
SOFR Interest Accrual Period, is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(“i+1”); and
“SOFRi” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in 
the relevant SOFR Interest Accrual Period, SOFR in respect of that day 
“i”; provided that, for purposes of calculating compounded SOFR with 
respect to the final SOFR Interest Accrual Period, the level of SOFR for 
each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the period from and 
including the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the maturity date 
or any earlier redemption date, as applicable, shall be the level of SOFR 
in respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date.

--- Page 69 ---
60
(iii)
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"SOFR Index Compound", the Rate of Interest for a SOFR Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the SOFR-INDEX-
COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any).
“SOFR-INDEX-COMPOUND” means, with respect to a SOFR Interest 
Accrual Period, the rate calculated by the Principal Paying Agent on each 
SOFR Index Determination Date, as follows:
 SOFR IndexJKL
SOFR IndexMNOPN
−1 × 360
dQ

where:
“dc” means the number of calendar days from and including the SOFR 
IndexStart date to but excluding the SOFR IndexEnd date;
“p” means in relation to any SOFR Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms which shall not be less than three U.S. Government Securities 
Business days at any time and shall, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Principal Paying Agent (or such other person specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the person responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest), be no less than five U.S. Government Securities Business days;
“SOFR IndexEnd” means the SOFR Index value on the day which is “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business days preceding (A) (in the case of 
an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or 
(B) (in the case of any other SOFR Interest Accrual Period) the date on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (each, a “SOFR Index 
Determination Date”); and
“SOFR IndexStart” means the SOFR Index value on the day which is “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business days preceding the first date of the 
relevant SOFR Interest Accrual Period.
(iv)
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"SOFR Lockout Compound", the Rate of Interest for a SOFR Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the SOFR-LOCKOUT-
COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any).
“SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND” means, with respect to a SOFR 
Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compounded interest 
investment calculated by the Principal Paying Agent on each SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date, as follows:
where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Interest 
Accrual Period;
“d0”, for any SOFR Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant SOFR Interest 
Accrual Period;

--- Page 70 ---
61
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant SOFR Interest Accrual Period;
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
interest period means the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”);
“SOFRi” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” that 
is a SOFR Interest Reset Date, SOFR in respect of such SOFR Interest 
Reset Date; provided, however, that the SOFR with respect to each 
SOFR Interest Reset Date in the period from and including, the SOFR 
Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the corresponding interest payment 
date of an interest period, will be the SOFR with respect to the SOFR 
Rate Cut-Off Date for such interest period; and
“SOFR Interest Reset Date” means each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant SOFR Interest Accrual Period.
(v)
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"SOFR Lookback Compound", the Rate of Interest for a SOFR Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the SOFR-
LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any).
“SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means, with respect to a SOFR 
Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compounded interest 
investment calculated by the Principal Paying Agent on each SOFR 
Interest Determination Date, as follows:
where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Interest 
Accrual Period;
“d0”, for any interest period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant SOFR Interest Accrual Period;
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant SOFR Interest Accrual Period;
“SOFR Interest Determination Date” means, the date “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days before (A) (in the case of each 
Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) 
(in the case of any other SOFR Interest Accrual Period) the date on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due;
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
SOFR Interest Accrual Period means the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(“i+1”);

--- Page 71 ---
62
“p” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms which shall not be less than three 
U.S. Government Securities Business days at any time and shall, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying Agent (or such other person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the person responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest), be no less than five U.S. Government 
Securities Business days; and
“SOFRi-pUSGSBD” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day “i” in the relevant SOFR Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR in respect 
of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to that day “i”.
(vi)
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"SOFR Shift Compound", the Rate of Interest for a SOFR Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND 
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any).
“SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means, with respect to a SOFR Interest 
Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compounded interest 
investment calculated by the Principal Paying Agent on each SOFR 
Interest Determination Date, as follows:
where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period;
“d0”, for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period;
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant Observation Period;
“SOFR Interest Determination Date” means, the date “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days before (A) (in the case of each 
Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) 
(in the case of any other SOFR Interest Accrual Period) the date on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due;
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(“i+1”);
“SOFRi” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in 
the relevant Observation Period, SOFR in respect of that day “i”;
“Observation Period” means, the period from, and including, the date 
“p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date in 
each SOFR Interest Accrual Period to, but excluding, the date “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding (A) (in the case of each 
Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B)

--- Page 72 ---
63
(in the case of any other SOFR Interest Accrual Period) the date on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due; and
“p” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms which shall not be less than three 
U.S. Government Securities Business days at any time and shall, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying Agent (or such other person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the person responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest), be no less than five U.S. Government 
Securities Business days.
(vii)
Notwithstanding any other provisions in these Conditions, if: (i) the 
Benchmark is SOFR or SOFR Index; and (ii) any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to the 
Benchmark, 
then 
the 
following 
provisions 
of 
this 
Condition 
6.2(B)(2)(c)(vii) shall apply:
(1)
If the Issuer or designee (which may be an affiliate of the Issuer), 
after consulting with the Issuer, determines on or prior to the 
relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to the then current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then current Benchmark for all 
purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on 
such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates.
(2)
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Issuer or its designee, after consulting with the 
Issuer, will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time.
(3)
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark
Replacement Date have occurred, any determination, decision or 
election that may be made by the Issuer or its designee, after 
consulting with the Issuer, including any determination with respect 
to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to 
take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: (i) will be 
conclusive and binding absent manifest error; (ii) will be made by 
the Issuer, in its sole discretion, or by its designee, after consulting 
with the Issuer, as applicable; and (iii) notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or 
any other party.
For the purposes of this Condition 6.2(B)(2)(c):
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR or SOFR Index, as applicable; provided 
that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or SOFR Index, as applicable, or the 
then current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement.
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee, after consulting with 
the Issuer, of the Benchmark Replacement Date:
(a) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for the then current Benchmark and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or

--- Page 73 ---
64
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Issuer or its designee, after consulting with the Issuer, as the replacement 
for the then current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then current Benchmark 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (ii) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in 
the order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee, after 
consulting with the Issuer, as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected by the Issuer or its designee, after consulting with 
the Issuer, giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time.
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the interest period, timing and frequency of determining 
rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other 
administrative matters (including changes to the fallback provisions)) that we or 
our designee, after consulting with us, decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent 
with market practice (or, if we or our designee, after consulting with us, decides 
that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if we or our designee, after consulting with us, determines that no 
market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as we or our designee, after consulting with us, determines is 
reasonably necessary).
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof):
(a) 
in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition 
Event”, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator 
of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or
(b) 
in the case of clause (c) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be 
deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination.
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then current Benchmark (including any daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof):

--- Page 74 ---
65
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component);
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), 
the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the 
Benchmark is no longer representative.
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, 
as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional 
booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time.
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an 
index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor.
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment.
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means 
(i) if the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, (ii) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR Index, the SOFR Index Determination Date, and (iii) if the 
Benchmark is neither SOFR nor SOFR Index, the time determined by the Issuer 
or its designee, after consulting with the Issuer, after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes.
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System and/or the New York Federal Reserve, or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System and/or the New York Federal Reserve or any successor thereto.
“SOFR” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day:
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as published by the New York 
Federal Reserve, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor 
administrator), on the New York Federal Reserve’s Website (or such 
successor administrator’s website) on or about 3:00 P.M., New York City 
time, on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (the “SOFR Determination Time”); or
(b)
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day does not appear as specified in

--- Page 75 ---
66
clause (a) above, unless both a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate in respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which such rate was published 
on the New York Federal Reserve’s Website (or such successor 
administrator’s website); or
(c)
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, the Benchmark Replacement.
“SOFR Index” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day:
(a) 
the value as published by the New York Federal Reserve, as the 
administrator of such index (or a successor administrator), on the New 
York Federal Reserve’s Website (or such successor administrator’s 
website) on or about 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; or
(b) 
if such value in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
does not appear as specified in clause (a) above, unless both a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, SOFR-INDEX-COMPOUND shall be the rate 
determined pursuant to the SOFR Index Unavailable Provision; or 
(c) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, the Benchmark Replacement.
“SOFR Index Unavailable Provision” means if a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR 
IndexEnd is not published on the associated SOFR Index Determination Date 
and a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have not occurred with respect to SOFR Index, SOFR-INDEX-
COMPOUND means, for the applicable interest period for which SOFR Index is 
not available, the rate of return on a daily compounded interest investment 
calculated in accordance with the formula for “SOFR Averages”, and definitions 
required for such formula, published on the New York Federal Reserve’s 
Website. For the purposes of this provision, references in the SOFR Averages 
compounding formula and related definitions to “calculation period” shall be 
replaced with “Observation Period” and the words “that is, 30-, 90-, or 180-
calendar days” shall be removed. If the daily SOFR (“SOFRi”) does not so 
appear for any day, “i” in the Observation Period, SOFRi for such day “i” shall 
be SOFR published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which SOFR was published on the New York Federal 
Reserve’s Website.
“SOFR Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any 
other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the 
period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series 
of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, shall be 
the date on which such Notes become due and payable).
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is the fourth U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (B) (in the case of any other SOFR 
Interest Accrual Period) the date on which the relevant payment of interest falls 
due, or such other date specified in the relevant Final Terms.
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its

--- Page 76 ---
67
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.
(C)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest
If the applicable Issue Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (B) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.
If the applicable Issue Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (B) above is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest.
(D)
Fallback Rate of Interest
(1)
Notwithstanding any other provision, if the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) determines that a Benchmark Disruption Event has 
occurred when any Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with Conditions 
6.2(B)(2)(a), 6.2(B)(2)(b) or (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Reference Rate affected by the Benchmark 
Disruption Event, then the following provisions shall apply:
(a)
if there is a Successor Rate, then the Issuer shall, to the extent practicable, prior 
to the date which is ten Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, notify the Principal Paying Agent, then the Principal Paying 
Agent shall use such Successor Rate in place of the Reference Rate;
(b)
if there is no Successor Rate, but the Issuer determines an Alternative Rate has 
been determined, then the Issuer shall, to the extent practicable, prior to the 
date which is ten Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, notify the Principal Paying Agent, and the Principal Paying Agent shall use 
such Alternative Rate in place of the Reference Rate; and
(c)
the Principal Paying Agent shall:
(i)
in respect of a Successor Rate only, where an Adjustment Spread is 
formally recommended, or provided as an option for parties to adopt 
(which, in each case, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case 
may be), acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
and by reference to sources as it deems appropriate, has determined is 
required to be adopted to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate) by any Relevant 
Nominating Body and such Adjustment Spread has been notified to the 
Principal Paying Agent, apply such Adjustment Spread to the Successor 
Rate for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or 
a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate; or
(ii)
in respect of a Successor Rate where no such Adjustment Spread is 
formally recommended or provided as an option by any Relevant 
Nominating Body or, in respect of an Alternative Rate, the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be), acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it 
deems appropriate, determines that there is an Adjustment Spread in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for 
transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such Reference 
Rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be), in accordance with the Issuer’s written instructions, 
apply such Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate; 
and

--- Page 77 ---
68
(d)
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) may determine 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and having 
regard to the operational requirements of the Principal Paying Agent) in its sole 
discretion, after consulting any source it deems reasonable, the Business Day 
Convention, the definitions of Business Day, Day Count Fraction, Relevant 
Screen Page, Relevant Time, Reference Rate and Interest Determination Date 
and any other relevant methodology for calculating such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, including any adjustment factor it determines is needed to 
make such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate comparable to the relevant 
Reference Rate, in a manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices 
for such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and shall, prior to the date which is 
ten Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, notify the 
Principal Paying Agent of such determination.
(2)
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if: 
(a)
the Principal Paying Agent is unable to determine a rate (or, as the case may 
be, the arithmetic mean of rates); or
(b)
the Principal Paying Agent is unable to use a Successor Rate; or
(c)
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer is unable to (or in the case of the Issuer, 
elects not to) determine the Alternative Rate,
in each case, in accordance with the above provisions, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes during the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes during the immediately preceding Interest Period (with 
adjustment for any change in the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest). For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 6.2(D)(2) shall apply to the next 
succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to 
the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in Condition 6.2(D).
(3)
The Issuer may make the necessary modifications to these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement to give effect to this Condition 6.2(D) without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders (if any).
For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 
6.2, in determining any adjustment factor or other relevant methodology for the 
purposes of Condition, the Issuer shall not and shall not be obliged to apply and may 
discount any adjustment factor or methodology the application of which may constitute 
it an administrator for the purposes of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011). 
(4)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6.2(D), the Principal Paying 
Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Advisor in respect of 
any changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 6.2(D) to which, in 
the sole opinion of the Principal Paying Agent, would have the effect of (i) exposing 
the Principal Paying Agent to any liability against which it has not been indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations or 
duties, or decreasing the rights or protections, of the Principal Paying Agent in the 
Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions.
(5)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6.2, if in the Principal Paying 
Agent’s opinion, there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of 
action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 6.2, the Principal 
Paying Agent, shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the 
Principal Paying Agent, in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If 
the Principal Paying Agent, is not promptly provided with such direction, it shall notify 
the Issuer thereof and the Principal Paying Agent shall be under no obligation to make 
such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so.
(6)
For the purposes of this Condition 6.2(D):

--- Page 78 ---
69
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread, or the formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread and the spread resulting from such calculation, which spread may 
in either case be positive, negative or zero and is to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative rate for the relevant Interest Period which has 
been
(a) 
determined at the request of the Issuer by the Independent Adviser (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) in its sole discretion; or
(b) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, then, if it elects to do 
so, determined by the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) in its sole discretion,
in each case, after consulting such sources as the Issuer or the Independent Advisor 
(as the case may be) deems reasonable, to be:
(i)
the most comparable alternative rate to the relevant Reference Rate; and 
(ii)
used in place of the Reference Rate in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets,
and which has been notified to the Principal Paying Agent by the Issuer.
“Benchmark Disruption Event” means:
(a)
the relevant Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms has ceased to be 
published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing 
to be calculated or administered; or
(b)
the Issuer determines after consulting with the Independent Adviser (if so 
appointed) that a change in the generally accepted market practice in the 
international debt capital markets to refer to a Reference Rate is endorsed in a 
public statement or publication of information by a Relevant Nominating Body 
despite the continued existence of the applicable Reference Rate.
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the 
international debt capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense.
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate:
(a)
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible
for 
administering or supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate; or
(b)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the 
Reference Rate relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for administering or supervising the administrator of the 
Reference Rate, (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities, or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body and which has been 
notified to the Principal Paying Agent by the Issuer.
(E)
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts

--- Page 79 ---
70
The Principal Paying Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, will, at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period (or other Interest Accrual Period).
The Principal Paying Agent in the case of Floating Rate Notes will calculate the amount of 
interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on the Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to:
(1)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or
(2)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount,
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is 
a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note 
shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.
(F)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts
Except where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”, “SONIA Index Determination”, “Average SONIA”, “SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean”, “SOFR Delay Compound”, “SOFR Index Compound”, “SOFR Lockout 
Compound”, “SOFR Lookback Compound” or “SOFR Shift Compound”, the Principal Paying 
Agent will cause the Rate of Interest (and, in respect of sub-paragraph (D), the fallback 
interest rate or any relevant adjustments) and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange 
on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the 
second day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 15 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15.
Where the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “Compounded 
Daily SONIA”, “SONIA Index Determination”, “Average SONIA”, “SOFR Arithmetic Mean”, 
“SOFR Delay Compound”, “SOFR Index Compound”, “SOFR Lockout Compound”, “SOFR 
Lookback Compound” or “SOFR Shift Compound”, the Principal Paying Agent will cause the 
Interest Rate and each Interest Amount for each SONIA Interest Accrual Period or SOFR 
Interest Accrual Period (as applicable) and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified 
to (i) the Issuer, and (ii) to any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
are for the time being listed and, in each case, to be published in accordance with Condition 
15 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the second (a) 
(where the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “Compounded 
Daily SONIA”, “SONIA Index Determination” or “Average SONIA”) London Banking Day (as 
defined in Condition 6.2(B)(2)(b) above) or (b) (where the Reference Rate is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms as being “SOFR Arithmetic Mean”, “SOFR Delay Compound”, “SOFR 
Index Compound”, “SOFR Lockout Compound”, “SOFR Lookback Compound” or “SOFR 
Shift Compound”) U.S. Government Securities Business Day (as defined in Condition 
6.2(B)(2)(c)) above), thereafter. Each Interest Rate, Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
relevant SONIA Interest Accrual Period or SOFR Interest Accrual Period (as applicable). Any 
such amendment or alternative arrangements will promptly be notified by the Principal Paying 
Agent to the Issuer and to any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
are for the time being listed and to the Holders in accordance with Condition 15.

--- Page 80 ---
71
Any determinations or calculations with respect to SONIA or SOFR to be notified to the 
Principal Paying Agents (or such other applicable Agents) under this Condition 6.2 shall be 
so notified to the Principal Paying Agent at least five Business Days prior to such relevant 
payment date.
To the extent the Calculation Agent makes any determinations or calculations pursuant to 
this Condition 6 (Interest) or the other Conditions generally, the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Principal Paying Agent and the other Agents of such final determinations 
or calculations (or any updates or amendments to such determinations or calculations 
thereto) as applicable. Subject at all times to the provisions under these Conditions and the 
Transaction Documents, to the contrary or otherwise, the Principal Paying Agent may rely 
and/or act upon such determinations or calculations notified to it by the Calculation Agent 
without liability as if they are binding and final (save for any liability arising out of the Principal 
Paying Agent’s own wilful default, bad faith, negligence, fraud or misrepresentation which 
shall remain the Principal Paying Agent’s liability).
(G)
Certificates to be final
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 6.2, whether by the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error or proven error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying 
Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful 
default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (if 
applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions.
6.3
Accrual of interest
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue 
until whichever is the earlier of:
(A)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid and/or all assets 
deliverable in respect of such Note have been delivered; and
(B)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and/or all assets in respect of such 
Note have been received by any agent appointed by the Issuer to deliver such assets to 
Noteholders and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15.
7.
Payments
7.1
Method of payment
In respect of Bearer Notes only, subject as provided below:
(A)
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro or U.S. dollars will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, 
at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency;
(B)
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by a euro cheque; and
(C)
payments in U.S. dollars will be made by transfer to a U.S. dollar account maintained by the 
payee with a bank outside of the United States (which expression, as used in this Condition 
7, means the United States of America, including the States and the District of Columbia, its

--- Page 81 ---
72
territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction), or by cheque drawn on 
a United States bank.
In no event will payment be made by a cheque mailed to an address in the United States.
7.2
Payments subject to any fiscal or other laws and regulations
All payments in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will be subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 9 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (in each case without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation)).
7.3
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 7.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States.
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Bearer Notes, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 7.1 above 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the 
final instalment will be made in the manner provided in Condition 7.1 above only against presentation 
and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Note in 
accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the 
relevant instalment together with the definitive Bearer Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented 
without the definitive Bearer Note to which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the 
Issuer. Upon the date on which any definitive Bearer Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured 
Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall 
be made in respect thereof.
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Index-linked Notes or Long Maturity Notes (as 
defined below)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining 
thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of 
matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. 
Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender 
of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 10) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise 
have become void under Condition 10) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof.
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Index-linked Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive 
bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for 
further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof.
A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a 
Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon 
provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on

--- Page 82 ---
73
which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal 
amount of such Note.
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of 
the relevant definitive Bearer Note.
7.4
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Bearer Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Bearer 
Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Bearer Global Note against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Bearer Global Note at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender 
of any Bearer Global Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of 
interest, will be made on such Bearer Global Note (by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or 
in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and such record shall be prima facie 
evidence that the payment in question has been made, and such payment will discharge the 
obligations of the Issuer. 
7.5
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in respect of 
each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified 
office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the 
Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the 
Registrar (the “Register”) (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this 
purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the 
relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified 
office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding the previous 
sentence, if (a) a holder does not have a Designated Account or (b) the principal amount of the Notes 
held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified 
Currency), payment may instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a 
Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, “Designated Account” means the account 
maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and 
“Designated Bank” means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency and (in the case of a 
payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro.
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in 
respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by a cheque in the 
Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the business day 
in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the relevant 
due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the 
Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on 
which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, 
and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such 
fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the “Record Date”) at his address 
shown in the Register on the Record Date and at his risk. Upon application of the holder to the 
specified office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified office 
of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered 
Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding 
paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of 
interest (other than interest due on redemption) and instalments of principal (other than the final 
instalment) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who has made 
the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such 
holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption and the final 
instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such 
Registered Note.

--- Page 83 ---
74
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes.
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Global Registered 
Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests.
7.6
General provisions applicable to payments
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments or make a claim 
with respect to payments in respect of Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount 
so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look 
solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment 
so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if:
(A)
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due;
(B)
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and
(C)
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.
7.7
Payment Day
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until (i) if “Following” is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the next following Payment Day or (ii), if “Modified Following” is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the next following Payment Day unless that Payment Day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case the first preceding Payment Day, in the relevant place and shall 
not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay or amendment. For these 
purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 10) is:
(A)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in:
(1)
(in the case of Notes held in definitive form only) the relevant place of presentation; 
and
(2)
each Financial Centre specified in the applicable Issue Terms; and
(B)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency or (2) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open and commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Frankfurt.

--- Page 84 ---
75
7.8
Interpretation of principal and interest
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable:
(A)
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 9;
(B)
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes;
(C)
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes;
(D)
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;
(E)
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts;
(F)
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
8.7(C)); and
(G)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes.
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 9.
7.9
Definition of Affiliate 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity 
directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes “control” means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity.
8.
Redemption and purchase
8.1
Redemption at Maturity
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount, which shall be an amount in the Specified 
Currency specified in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that the Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of an Index-linked Note will be determined in accordance with Condition 8.2.
8.2
Redemption of Index-linked Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Commodity Index-linked Note shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, subject to a minimum of zero and 
where applicable, shall not be less than the Minimum Final Redemption Amount as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms:
Final Redemption Amount = Calculation Amount x (1 + (Index Performance x Multiplier)),
less, in the case of redemption following an Additional Disruption Event, each Note’s pro rata
proportion of the Adjustment Costs (if any).
Where:
“Adjustment Costs” has the meaning given to it in the Commodity Index-linked Conditions.
“Index Performance” means the performance of the Index over the term of the Index-linked 
Note, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:
Index Performance = Settlement Price
Initial Price
- 1
“Multiplier” means a number, expressed as a percentage, that may be applied in 
determining the Final Redemption Amount in respect of an Index-linked Note, which shall be 
100% unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 85 ---
76
“Initial Price” and “Settlement Price” have the meanings given to them in Condition 5.
The Final Redemption Amount will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in the relevant 
Specified Currency, 0.005 being rounded upwards.”
8.3
Stop Loss Redemption
If “Stop Loss Redemption” is stated as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms then, if a 
Stop Loss Redemption Event occurs in respect of any Index Business Day that falls within the Stop 
Loss Period, the next following Business Day will be the Pricing Date and the Maturity Date will be
as provided in paragraph (A) of the definition of “Maturity Date” in Condition 5, and, for the purposes 
of determining the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes in accordance with Condition 8.2, the 
“Settlement Price” shall be equal to the greater of (i) the actual Settlement Price (as defined in 
Condition 5); and (ii) the Minimum Stop Loss Index Level.
A “Stop Loss Redemption Event” will occur in respect of an Index Business Day if the Settlement 
Price in respect of such Index Business Day (determined as if such Index Business Day was a Pricing 
Date) is below the Stop Loss Index Level.
For the purposes of this Condition 8.3:
“Maximum Percentage Loss” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms.
The “Minimum Stop Loss Index Level” in respect of each Index Business Day falling in the 
Stop Loss Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:
Minimum Stop Loss Index Level = Initial Price ×(100% - Maximum Percentage Loss)
The “Stop Loss Index Level” in respect of each Index Business Day falling in the Stop Loss 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:
Stop Loss Index Level = Initial Price ×(100% - Stop Loss Percentage Level)
“Stop Loss Percentage Level” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms.
“Stop Loss Period” means the period commencing on, but excluding, the Trade Date to, but 
excluding, the Pricing Date.
Following the occurrence of a Stop Loss Redemption Event, the Notes shall be redeemed at the 
amount determined above together with accrued interest (if appropriate) on the date specified in the 
notice of redemption to be given to the Noteholders. 
8.4
Redemption for Tax Reasons
If tax gross-up under Condition 9.1 is stated as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole, but not in part, at any time or on any Interest Payment Date 
(if applicable) at their Early Redemption Amount, together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption, if:
(A)
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9.1 as a result of 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 9.1) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and
(B)
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it.
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by an authorised officer/person of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that 
the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and confirming that

--- Page 86 ---
77
the Issuer has received an opinion from independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such 
change or amendment.
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8.4 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.
Notice of intention to redeem Notes will be given at least once in accordance with Condition 15 not 
less than 31 days nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption, provided that no such 
notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the effective date of such change or 
amendment and that at the time notice of such redemption is given, such obligation to pay such 
additional amounts remains in effect and cannot be avoided by the Issuer's taking reasonable 
measures available to it. From and after any redemption date, if monies for the redemption of Notes 
shall have been made available for redemption on such redemption date, such Notes shall cease to 
bear interest, if applicable, and the only right of the holders of such Notes and any Receipts or 
Coupons appertaining thereto shall be to receive payment of the Early Redemption Amount and, if 
appropriate, all unpaid interest accrued to such redemption date.
8.5
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer may, having given:
(A)
not less than the Issuer Call Option Period nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 15; and
(B)
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (A), notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent,
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of 
a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and/or not more than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. In 
the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Bearer Notes, 
and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in 
the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
nominal amount at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, 
not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter 
called the “Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Bearer Notes, 
a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 
15 not less than 1 day prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note 
will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date 
fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.5 and notice to that effect shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 at least five days prior to the Selection 
Date.
8.6
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 not less than the Investor Put Option Period nor more than 
60 days' notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance 
with, the terms specified in the applicable Issue Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. Registered Notes may be redeemed under this Condition 
8.6 in any multiple of their lowest Specified Denomination. It may be that before an Investor Put can 
be exercised, certain conditions and/or circumstances will need to be satisfied. Where relevant, the 
provisions will be set out in the applicable Issue Terms.
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the

--- Page 87 ---
78
Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar (a “Put Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if 
payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition 8 accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that 
this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control and, in the 
case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full 
nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a 
new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2. If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put 
Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned 
that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control.
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this 
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
common depositary for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable 
to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a 
Global Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Note to the 
Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly.
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 8.6 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and 
is continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw 
the notice given pursuant to this Condition 8.6 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and 
payable pursuant to Condition 11.
8.7
Early Redemption Amounts
The Early Redemption Amount shall be calculated as follows:
(A)
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof;
(B)
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note but including an Instalment Note) with 
a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which 
is payable in a Specified Currency other than that in which the Note is denominated, at the 
amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, at its nominal amount; or
(C)
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) calculated 
in accordance with the following formula:
Early Redemption Amount + RP x (1 + AY)y
where:
“RP”
means the Reference Price (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms); and
“AY”
means the Accrual Yield (as defined in Condition 5) expressed as a decimal; and
“y”
is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which is 360.
(D)
If “Market Value less Associated Costs” is specified as the Early Redemption Amount in the 
applicable Issue Terms the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each nominal amount of 
Notes equal to the Calculation Amount shall be an amount, determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the second Business Day immediately preceding the due date for the early

--- Page 88 ---
79
redemption of the Notes, which represents the fair market value of such Notes (taking into 
account all factors which the Calculation Agent determines relevant) less Associated Costs, 
and provided that no account shall be taken of the financial condition or creditworthiness of 
the Issuer which shall be presumed to be able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the 
Notes.
As used herein:
“Associated Costs” means an amount per nominal amount of the Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount equal to such Notes' pro rata share of the total amount of any and all 
costs associated or incurred by the Issuer or any Affiliate in connection with such early 
redemption, including, without limitation, any costs associated with unwinding any funding or 
other financing relating to the Notes and any costs associated with unwinding or reinstating 
any hedge positions relating to the Notes, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole discretion.
8.8
Instalments
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates. In the 
case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to Condition 
8.7 above.
8.9
Illegality
In the event that the Issuer determines in good faith that the performance of the Issuer's obligations 
under the Notes or that any arrangements made to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the Notes 
has or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance 
with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any 
governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, 
the Issuer having given not less than 31 days’ nor more than 60 days' notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at the Early Redemption 
Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.
8.10
Force Majeure and Impossibility 
If, after giving effect to any applicable fallback provision or remedy specified in these Conditions or 
the Commodity Index-linked Conditions, the Issuer is prevented from performing or hedging its 
obligations to make a payment in respect of the Notes as a result of any force majeure, act of state, 
strike, blockade or similar circumstance or, if the Issuer determines in good faith that it has become 
impossible or impractical for it to perform or hedge such obligations as a result of any change in 
national or international financial, political or economic conditions or currency exchange rates or 
exchange controls (including any event which has the effect of hindering, limiting or restricting the 
exchange of a relevant currency into the Specified Currency), the Issuer having given not less than 
31 days’ nor more than 60 days' notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each 
Note being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
8.11
Purchases
The Issuer or any of its Affiliates may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Notes (provided 
that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining 
thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be 
held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.
8.12
Cancellation
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes 
so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 8.10 above (together 
with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the 
Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold.

--- Page 89 ---
80
8.13
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Conditions 8.1, 8.2, 8.3, 8.4 or 8.5 above or upon its becoming due and repayable 
as provided in Condition 11 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 8.7(C)
above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which 
such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is 
the earlier of:
(A)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and
(B)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15.
9.
Taxation
9.1
If tax gross up is stated as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, all payments of principal 
and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction 
is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary 
in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, 
in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon:
(A)
presented for payment in the Tax Jurisdiction; or
(B)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Tax 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or
(C)
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 7.7); or
(D)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who could lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) 
such deduction or withholding by complying or procuring that any third party complies with 
any statutory requirements or by making or procuring that any third party makes a declaration 
of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to any tax authority in the place where 
the relevant Note, Receipt or Coupon is presented for payment; or
(E)
in such other circumstances as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
As used herein:
(1)
“Tax Jurisdiction” means the United Kingdom; and
(2)
the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, 
if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date 
on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is 
duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15.
9.2
If tax gross up is stated as being not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, all amounts payable 
in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons shall be made subject to any withholding or deduction 
for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature which may be required 
to be withheld or deducted, and the Issuer will not be obliged to gross up or otherwise pay any 
additional amount in respect of any payments in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons and shall 
not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding, deduction or other payment

--- Page 90 ---
81
which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, presentation and surrender for payment, or 
enforcement of any Note, Receipt or Coupon and all payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer 
shall be made subject to any such tax, duty, withholding, deduction or other payment which may be 
required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. The Issuer may, but is under no obligation to, take 
steps to mitigate the burden of such tax, duty, withholding or deduction applying to the Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons (as deemed appropriate by the Issuer in its sole discretion).
10.
Prescription
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 
ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as 
defined below) therefor.
As used herein, the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date 
on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15.
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 7.2 or 
any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 7.2.
11.
Events of Default
If any of the events specified below (each an “Event of Default”) occur, then by notice to the Issuer 
at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, effective upon receipt of such notice by the 
Principal Paying Agent, (1) in the case of the Event of Default specified in paragraphs (A) or (C) any 
holder of Notes may declare that all the Notes held by that Noteholder are immediately due and 
repayable, or (2) in the case of (B), holders of not less than 25 per cent. of the principal amount of 
Notes of a Series outstanding may declare that all the Notes of that Series are immediately due and 
repayable. The Events of Default in respect of the Notes are: 
(A)
Non-payment the Issuer fails to pay any principal or any interest in respect of the Notes, in 
each case within 30 days of the relevant due date; or
(B)
Other obligations the Issuer defaults in performance or observance of or compliance with 
any of its other obligations set out in the Notes which default is incapable of remedy or, if 
capable of remedy, is not remedied within 60 Business Days after notice requiring such 
default to be remedied shall have been given to the Issuer by a Noteholder; or
(C)
winding-up an order is made for the winding-up of the Issuer or a resolution is passed for 
the winding-up of the Issuer other than for the purposes of a solvent reconstruction or 
amalgamation and such order shall have remained in force undischarged and unstayed for 
a period of 30 days.
Upon any such notice being given to the Issuer, such Notes shall immediately become due and 
payable at their Early Redemption Amount, Provided that, it shall not be an Event of Default under 
(a) above if the Issuer fails to pay such amount (i) in order to comply with a mandatory law, regulation 
or order of any court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) as a result of any act or omission of the relevant 
clearing system, (iii) as a result of any Noteholder failing to comply with its obligations in respect of 
the Notes (including, without limitation, to pay any applicable expenses or taxes) or (iv) by reason of 
force majeure. 
12.
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Receipts 
or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence 
and indemnity as the Issuer and/or the Principal Paying Agent may reasonably require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued.

--- Page 91 ---
82
13.
Paying Agents and Calculation Agent
13.1
Paying Agents
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below.
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying 
Agent acts, provided that:
(A)
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and, if the Notes are Registered Notes, a 
Registrar; and
(B)
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and 
a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as 
may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority.
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior 
notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15.
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders, Receiptholders 
or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent.
13.2
Calculation Agent
In relation to each issue of Notes, the Calculation Agent (whether it be Macquarie Bank or another 
entity) acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any 
relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders. All 
calculations and determinations made in respect of the Notes by the Calculation Agent shall be in its 
sole and absolute discretion, in good faith, and shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders. The Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent 
upon any such calculations and determinations, and (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) no liability to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or 
the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.
The Calculation Agent may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and 
functions to a third party as it deems appropriate.
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of the Calculation Agent and/or approve 
any change in the specified office through which the Calculation Agent acts, provided that there will 
at all times be a Calculation Agent.
14.
Exchange of Talons
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final 
date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 10.
15.
Notices
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock

--- Page 92 ---
83
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the 
date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the 
date of the first publication in all required newspapers.
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail 
or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at 
their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth day after mailing.
Until such time as any Definitive Bearer Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of 
the Notes. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the 
first day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg in such 
manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
may approve for this purpose.
If the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices shall be published on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s internet site www.luxse.com. Any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the date of the first publication.
16.
Modification and waiver
16.1
Meetings of noteholders
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if 
required in writing by the Noteholders holding not less than ten per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons present and holding or representing in the aggregate 
not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting one or more persons present whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held 
or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the 
Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or 
the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes, 
the Receipts or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons present and holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, 
or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons present and holding or representing not less 
than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether 
or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders. Resolutions 
can be passed in writing if passed unanimously. 
16.2
Modification
The Issuer may amend or modify the Conditions in such manner it deems necessary or desirable, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders if the amendment or 
modification is in the sole opinion of the Issuer, one which:
(A)
is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders; or

--- Page 93 ---
84
(B)
is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to 
comply with mandatory provisions of the law, rules or regulations; or
(C)
is made to cure any ambiguity, or is made to correct or supplement any defective provision 
of such Notes ; or
(D)
is made to correct an error or omission such that, in the absence of such correction, the terms 
of the Notes would not otherwise represent the intended terms of such Notes on which such 
Notes were sold.
Any amendment or modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, Receiptholders and 
Couponholders and shall be notified in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), provided that failure 
to give or non-receipt of such notice will not affect the validity of such amendment or modification.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no consent of Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders shall 
be required in order to make any amendments to the Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement as 
the Issuer may deem necessary or desirable to give effect to the provisions as provided for in 
Condition 6.2.
16.3
Notification
Any such amendment or modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and 
the Couponholders and any such amendment or modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter, provided that failure to give 
or non-receipt of such notice will not affect the validity of such amendment or modification.
17.
Further issues
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions 
the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment 
of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Notes.
If the Issuer issues further Notes of the same Series during the initial 40-day restricted period 
applicable to the outstanding Notes of such Series, then such 40-day period will be extended until 40 
days after the later of the commencement of the offering of such further issue of Notes and the Issue 
Date of such further issue of Notes. In addition, if the Issuer issues further Notes of the same Series 
after the expiration of the 40-day restricted period, a new 40-day restricted period will be applied to 
such further issue of Notes without applying to the outstanding Notes. After the expiration of the new 
40-day restricted period, all such Notes will be consolidated with and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Notes.
18.
Consolidation or merger
The Issuer may consolidate with, or sell or convey all or substantially all of its assets to, or merge 
with or into any other company provided that in any such case, (i) either the Issuer shall be the 
continuing company, or the successor company shall expressly assume the due and punctual 
payment of all amounts (including additional amounts as provided in Condition 8) payable with 
respect to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons, according to their tenor, and the due and punctual 
performance and observance of all of the obligations under the Conditions to be performed by the 
Issuer by an amendment to the Agency Agreement executed by, inter alios, such successor company 
and the Principal Paying Agent, and (ii) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Event 
of Default under Condition 11, and no event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become 
such an Event of Default shall have happened and be continuing. In case of any such consolidation, 
merger, sale or conveyance and upon any such assumption by the successor company, such 
successor company shall succeed to and be substituted for the Issuer, with the same effect as if it 
had been named herein as the Issuer, and the Issuer, except in the event of a conveyance by way 
of lease, shall be relieved of any further obligations under the Conditions and the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 94 ---
85
19.
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act.
20.
Substitution of the Issuer
The Issuer, or any previous substituted company may, at any time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, substitute for itself as principal obligor under the Notes any company (“Substitute”), 
being the Issuer or any other company, subject to:
(A)
the Issuer unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteeing in favour of each Noteholders the 
performance of all obligations by the Substitute under the Notes;
(B)
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done to ensure that the 
Notes represent legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute having been taken, 
fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect;
(C)
the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it;
(D)
each stock exchange on which the Notes are listed shall have confirmed that, following the 
proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Notes will continue to be listed on such stock 
exchange;
(E)
if appropriate, the Substitute shall have appointed a process agent as its agent in England to 
receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes; and
(F)
the Issuer shall have given at least 30 days' prior notice of the date of such substitution to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15.
21.
Governing law and submission to jurisdiction
21.1
Governing law
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law.
21.2
Submission to jurisdiction
In relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes, Receipts 
or Coupons (“Proceedings”), the courts of England have non-exclusive jurisdiction and the Issuer 
and the Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of 
the English courts. The Issuer and the Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders waive any 
objection to Proceedings in the English courts on the grounds of venue or that the Proceedings have 
been brought in an inconvenient forum.

--- Page 95 ---
86
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES
Pro Forma Final Terms for an issue of Notes by Macquarie Bank Limited, London Branch under the 
Programme for the issue of Index-linked Notes and Certificates
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Instruments are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive EU 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.] 1
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Instruments are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 2
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY / TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process,” the target market 
assessment in respect of the Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Instruments is eligible to counterparties and professional client only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, “MIFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Instruments to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Instruments (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment 
in respect of the Instruments and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Instruments is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Instruments to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]
1
Delete legend if the Instruments do not constitute “packaged” products, in which case, insert “Not Applicable” in paragraph 8 of 
Part B below. Include legend if the Instruments may constitute “packaged” products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the 
Instruments being offered, sold or otherwise made available to EEA retail investors. In this case, insert “Applicable” in paragraph 8
of Part B below.
2
Delete legend if the Instruments do not constitute “packaged” products, in which case, insert “Not Applicable” in paragraph 8 of 
Part B below. Include legend if the Instruments may constitute “packaged” products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the 
Instruments being offered, sold or otherwise made available to EEA retail investors. In this case, insert “Applicable” in paragraph 8
of Part B below.

--- Page 96 ---
87
Date: [ ]
Series No.: [ ]
MACQUARIE BANK LIMITED, LONDON BRANCH
(ACN 008 583 542)
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 4ZHCHI4KYZG2WVRT8631
Issue of [Issue Size] [Title of Notes]
under the Index-linked Note and Certificate Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
The Notes issued by the Issuer will be subject to the Terms and Conditions and also to the following terms 
(the “Final Terms”) in relation to the Notes.
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Note Conditions (as may 
be amended and/or supplemented up to, and including, [insert Issue Date of first Tranche]) set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 7 March 2023 [and the Prospectus Supplement[s] dated [ ] [and [ ]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). For 
the purpose of these Final Terms, references to Final Terms in the Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed as references to Final Terms in respect of the Notes. This document constitutes the applicable 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The 
Base Prospectus is available for viewing at www.luxse.com [[and] during normal business hours at [insert 
address] and copies may be obtained from [insert address]].]
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date.)
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Note Conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated [11 April 2014]/[29 July 2015]/[20 October 2016]/[20 December 2017]/[7 
September 2018][11 July 2019][16 September 2020][14 October 2021] which is incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus dated 7 March 2023. This document constitutes the applicable Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with this Base Prospectus dated 7 March 2023 [and the Prospectus Supplement[s] dated [ ] [and [ ]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base 
Prospectus”), save in respect of the Note Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated 
[11 April 2014]/[29 July 2015]/[20 October 2016]/[20 December 2017]/[7 September 2018]/[11 July 2019]/[16 
September 2020][14 October 2021]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus [and the Prospectus 
Supplement[s] dated [ ] [and [ ]]. 
The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at www.luxse.com [[and] during normal business hours at [insert 
address] and copies may be obtained from [insert address]].]
1.
(i)
Series Number:
[ ]
(ii)
Tranche Number:
[ ]
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of 
that Series, including the date on which the 
Securities become fungible.)
[ ]
2.
Specified Currency:
[USD/EUR/GBP]
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
(i)
Series:
[ ]

--- Page 97 ---
88
(ii)
Tranche:
[ ]
4.
Issue Price:
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)]
5.
Specified Denominations:
[Specify currency and amount] (Condition 1). 
(Where multiple denominations above [€100,000] 
or equivalent are being used the following sample 
wording should be followed:
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000]”)
6.
Calculation Amount:
[USD/EUR/GBP] [ ]
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert 
the highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations)
7.
[(i)]
Issue 
Date 
[and 
Interest 
Commencement Date]:
[ ]
[(ii)]
Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date):
[ ]
8.
Maturity Date:
[Fixed Rate Note - specify date/ Floating Rate Note 
- Interest Payment Date falling on or nearest to 
[specify month]]
9.
Interest Basis:
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR] +/- [ ] per cent. Floating 
Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, each Note will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount as 
specified in paragraph 18.]
[The Notes are Instalment Notes. Subject to any 
purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
each Note will be redeemed on each Instalment 
Date by payment of the applicable Instalment 
Amount, as specified in paragraph 26.]
[The Notes are Index-linked Notes/Commodity 
Index-linked Notes. Subject to any purchase and 
cancellation or early redemption, each Note will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final 
Redemption Amount, which will be determined in 
accordance with the Index-linked Note/Commodity 
Index-linked
Note 
provisions 
specified 
in 
paragraph 19.]

--- Page 98 ---
89
11.
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put] [Issuer Call] [(further particulars 
specified below)] [Not Applicable]
12.
Tax gross-up obligation of the Issuer:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
Provisions relating to interest (if any) payable
13.
Fixed Rate Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Rate(s) of Interest:
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear]
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[[ ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date]
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount(s):
[ ] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Broken Amount(s):
[[ ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [ ]/Not Applicable]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)
Actual/Actual (ISDA)
Actual/365 (Fixed)
Actual/365 (Sterling)
Actual/360
30/360 (ICMA)
30/360
30E/360
30E/360 (ISDA)]
(vi)
Determination Date(s):
[ ] in each year
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon (NB: This will need to be 
amended in the case of regular interest payment 
dates which are not of equal duration)
(NB: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))
14.
Floating Rate Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates:
[ ]
(ii)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]
(iii)
Business Day Centre(s):
[ ]
(Note that if no Business Day Centre is specified 
herein, the default Business Day location will be 
London under Condition 6.2(A))

--- Page 99 ---
90
(iv)
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
is 
to 
be 
determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]
(v)
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Principal Paying Agent):
[ ]
(vi)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(a)
Offered Quotation:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(b)
Arithmetic Mean:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(c)
Reference Rate:
[ ] [Not Applicable]
(Either EURIBOR or Compounded Daily SONIA / 
SONIA Index Determination / Average SONIA / 
SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Delay Compound / 
SOFR 
Index 
Compound 
/ 
SOFR 
Lockout 
Compound / SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR 
Shift Compound)
(N.B. When setting SOFR Delay Compound as the 
applicable reference rate, the practicalities of any 
applicable time periods should be discussed with 
the Principal Paying Agent.)
(d)
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[ ] [Not Applicable]
(e)
Relevant Screen Page:
[ ] [Not Applicable]
(f)
Relevant Time:
[ ] [Not Applicable]
(g)
[SONIA Provisions:
-
Observation Method:
[Lag/Observation Shift/Not Applicable]
-
[Lag Lookback Period 
(p):]
[[5/[ ] London Banking Days] / [Not Applicable]]
-
[Observation 
Shift 
Period:]
5/[ ] London Banking Days][Not Applicable]
(N.B. When setting the Lag Lookback Period (p) or 
the Observation Shift Period, the practicalities of 
this period should be discussed with the Principal 
Paying Agent. It is anticipated that ‘(p)’ will be no 
fewer than 5 London Banking Days unless 
otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying Agent)
-
[Relevant Number:]
[ ] London Banking Days][Not Applicable]
(Not applicable unless the Reference Rate is 
SONIA Index Determination)
(N.B. When setting the Relevant Number, the 
practicalities of this period should be discussed 
with the Principal Paying Agent. It is anticipated 
that the Relevant Number will be no fewer than 5 
London Banking Days unless otherwise agreed 
with the Principal Paying Agent)

--- Page 100 ---
91
(It is anticipated that Screen Rate Determination 
will be used on an issue-by-issue basis, unless 
otherwise agreed between the Relevant Issuer and 
the relevant dealer or the relevant managers on the 
launch of a particular issue.)
(h)
[SOFR Provisions:
-
[“p” U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days:]
[[
] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days][Not Applicable]
-
[SOFR 
Rate 
Cut-Off 
Date:]
[ ][Not Applicable]
-
[SOFR Interest Accrual 
Period End Dates:]]
[ ](Not applicable unless the Reference Rate is 
SOFR Shift Compound)
(N.B. When setting the “p” U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days, the practicalities of this 
period should be discussed with the Principal 
Paying Agent. It is anticipated that the Relevant 
Number will be no fewer than 5 U.S. Government 
Securities Business unless otherwise agreed with 
the Principal Paying Agent.)
(vii)
ISDA Determination:
(a)
Floating Rate Option:
[ ] [Not Applicable]
(b)
Designated Maturity:
[ ] [Not Applicable]
(c)
Reset Date:
[ ] [Not Applicable]
(viii)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum
(ix)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[ ] per cent. per annum
(x)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[ ] per cent. per annum
(xi)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)
30/360
Actual/Actual (ISDA)
Actual/365 (Fixed)
Actual/365 (Sterling)
Actual/360
30/360 (ICMA)
30/360
30E/360
30E/360 (ISDA)]
(xii)
Fallback Interest Rate:
[See Condition 6.2(D) / Specify]
15.
Zero Coupon Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 101 ---
92
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Accrual Yield:
[ ] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Reference Price:
[ ]
(iii)
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and late 
payment:
[Conditions 8.7(C) (Early Redemption Amounts) 
and 8.13 (Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes) 
apply]
Provisions relating to redemption
16.
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[ ]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note:
[ ] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
If redeemable in part:
(a)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[ ]
(b)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[ ]
(iv)
Issuer Call Option Period:
[As per Condition 5/[ ] days]
17.
Investor Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[ ]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount of each 
Note:
[ ] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
Investor Put Option Period:
[As per Condition 5/[ ] days]
18.
Final Redemption Amount of each Note:
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/As determined in 
accordance with Condition 8.2]
-
Minimum Final Redemption Amount:
[[]/Not Applicable]
19.
Index-linked Note/Commodity Index-linked 
Note provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Index/Indices:
[ ] (NB: No proprietary index may be specified )
(ii)
Index Administrator:
[ ]/[Not Applicable]
(iii)
Price Source:
[ ] [Bloomberg page [ ]] [Reuters page [ ]] [website 
of Index Administrator]
(iv)
Exchange:
[ ] / [For Commodity Index-linked Notes as provided 
in Condition 1 of the Commodity Index-linked 
Conditions.]

--- Page 102 ---
93
(v)
Initial Pricing Date:
[ ]
(vi)
Multiplier:
[ ]
(vii)
Additional Disruption Event(s):
[Change in Law]/[Hedging Disruption Event]/[Not 
Applicable]/[Other]
(viii)
Index Cut-off Date:
[ ]
(ix)
Common Pricing:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (NB: Only applicable in 
relation to Index-Linked Notes relating to a Basket 
of Indices)
(x)
Weighting:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph
The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket is [ ] (NB: Only applicable in 
relation to Index-Linked Notes relating to a Basket 
of Indices)
(xi)
Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Commodity Index-Linked 
Instruments:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
20.
(i)
Stop Loss Percentage Level:
[ ]
(ii)
Minimum Stop Loss Index Level:
[ ]
(iii)
Maximum Percentage Loss:
[ ]
(iv)
Stop Loss Period:
[As per Condition 5/[ ] days]
21.
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption pursuant to Condition 
8.9 (Illegality), 8.10 (Force Majeure and 
Impossibility) or 11 (Events of Default):
[[ ] per Calculation Amount][Market Value less 
Associated Costs]
General provisions applicable to the Notes
22.
Form of Notes:
[Bearer Notes:
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Bearer Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes only 
upon an Exchange Event]
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date]
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes only upon an Exchange 
Event]
[Registered Notes: Global Registered Certificate]
23.
Payment Day:
[Following/Modified Following]
24.
Financial Centre(s):
[ ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 103 ---
94
25.
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature):
[Yes/No]
26.
Details relating to Instalment Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
Instalment Date
Instalment Amount
[ ]
[ 
] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]
[ ]
[ 
] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]
27.
Redenomination applicable:
Redenomination [not] applicable
[The information relating to [ ] [and [ ]] contained herein has been accurately extracted from [insert information 
source(s)] and, so far as the Issuer is aware, no information has been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of Macquarie Bank Limited, London Branch:
By:
Duly authorised

--- Page 104 ---
95
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
Listing and admission to trading
(i)
Listing and Admission to trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market] and 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange with effect from [ ].] [There can be no 
assurance that such application will be successful or if 
successful will be maintained] [The Issuer has no 
obligation to maintain a listing and/or admission to 
trading of the Notes on the stock exchange. The Notes 
may be suspended from trading at any time.] [The Notes 
will not be listed.]
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original securities are already admitted to trading)
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[Give details]
2.
Authorisation
[Date [Board] approval for the issuance 
of Notes obtained:
[Insert]
3.
Ratings
Credit ratings:
[Where the Instruments have not been rated:
[The [Notes] to be issued have not been rated by any 
rating agency. [However, the [Notes]
are issued 
pursuant 
to 
Macquarie 
Bank 
Limited’s 
[specify
applicable programme] Instrument Programme which is 
rated by rating agencies as follows: 
S&P Global Ratings, Inc.: [specify]
Moody’s Investors Service Limited: [specify]
Fitch Australia Pty Ltd: [specify]]]
[or, where the Instruments have been rated:
[The [Notes] to be issued have been rated by the 
following ratings agency(ies): 
[S&P Global Ratings, Inc.: [specify]]
[Moody’s Investors Service Limited: [specify]]
[Fitch Australia Pty Ltd: [specify]]
[[Other (specify)]: [specify]]]
4.
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue
[Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the following statement:

--- Page 105 ---
96
“[Save for any fees payable to the Dealers,] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”]
(If no conflicts have been disclosed, please mark as not applicable)
5.
Reasons for the offer, estimated net proceeds, total expenses and use of proceeds
(i)
[Reasons for offer and use of proceeds:
[ ]]
(see section in the Base Prospectus titled “Use of 
Proceeds”)
(If reasons for offer different from making profit and/or 
hedging certain risks will need to include those reasons 
here)
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds:
[ ]
(iii)
Estimated total expenses:
[ ]
6.
Information about the past and the further performance of the underlying and its volatility
[Include details of [the/each] index, where pricing information about [the/each] index is available, 
the relevant weighting of each index within a [basket of indices/indices] and where past and future 
performance and volatility of [the index/basket of indices] can be obtained.] [Include a clear and 
comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is affected by the underlying and 
the circumstances when the risks are most evident.]
7.
Yield (Fixed Rate Notes only)
(i)
Indication of yield:
[ ] [The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.]
8.
Operational information
(i)
ISIN Code:
[ ]
(ii)
Common Code:
[ ]
(iii)
CFI:
[[ [ ] [Not Applicable / Not Available]
(iv)
FISN:
[[ [ ] [Not Applicable / Not Available]
(v)
Clearing System(s):
[Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
B-1210 Brussels, Luxembourg]
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-
1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg]
[other]
(vi)
Delivery
Delivery [against] / [free of] payment
9.
Distribution
(i)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/Not Applicable]
(ii)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]
(iii)
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]
(if the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no KID

--- Page 106 ---
97
will be prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be 
specified)
(iv)
Additional Selling Restriction
[ ]/Not Applicable
10.
Benchmarks
Relevant Benchmark[s]:
[[SOFR / EURIBOR
/ SONIA] is provided by 
[administrator legal name] [repeat as necessary]. [As at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[administrator 
legal 
name][[appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended] / [As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, the [SOFR / EURIBOR / SONIA] does not fall 
within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended]] / [Not Applicable]
11.
EU Benchmarks Regulation
[Amounts payable under the Notes are calculated by reference to [insert name of Index], which is 
provided by [insert name of Index Administrator]. As at the date hereof, [insert name of Index 
Administrator] [appears]/[does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. [As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation 
apply, such that [insert name of Index Administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]]/[Not Applicable]
12.
Index Disclaimers
[Insert relevant Disclaimers]

--- Page 107 ---
98
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Certificates issued under the 
Programme. Such Terms and Conditions, as modified and supplemented by, in the case of 
Commodity Index-linked Certificates only, the Commodity Index-linked Conditions set out in the 
Annex to these Terms and Conditions and further subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of Part A of the applicable Issue Terms, or subject to completion, amendment and/or 
variation in accordance with the relevant section of an Alternative Drawdown Document, as the case 
may be, shall be applicable to the Certificates including Certificates linked to other reference indices 
including proprietary indices.
Either (i) the full text of these Terms and Conditions together with the Commodity Index-linked
Conditions and the relevant provisions of Part A of the applicable Issue Terms or the relevant section 
of an Alternative Drawdown Document, as the case may be, or (ii) these Terms and Conditions as so 
completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions), shall be endorsed on any Certificate. In respect of the Certificates, “Issue Terms” means 
the applicable “Final Terms” for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation completed by 
the Issuer which specifies the issue details of the Certificates or, in all other cases, the applicable 
terms and conditions set out in the “Alternative Drawdown Document” which may include a pricing 
supplement, a prospectus relating to the Certificates or other similar document incorporating by 
reference the whole or any part of these Terms and Conditions and the Commodity Index-linked
Conditions set out in the Annex to these Terms and Conditions. References in the Conditions to 
Certificates are to the Certificates of one Series only, not to all Certificates that may be issued under 
the Programme.
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates which will be incorporated by reference 
into each Global Registered Certificate (as defined below). 
The Commodity Index-linked Conditions contained in the Annex to these terms and conditions will 
apply to the Certificates.
The Certificates of each Series (as defined below) (the “Certificates”) shall be constituted by a Global 
Registered Certificate (as defined below) and issued by Macquarie Bank Limited, London Branch (the 
“Issuer”).
The Certificates are issued pursuant to an amended and restated agency agreement dated on or about 7 
March 2023 (such agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
the “Agency Agreement”) and entered into between the Issuer, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as 
principal certificate agent (the “Principal Certificate Agent”, which expression shall include any successor 
to Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in its capacity as such) and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as the 
certificate agent in Luxembourg (the “Luxembourg Certificate Agent”, which expression shall include any 
successor to Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. in its capacity as such) and the other agents named therein 
(together with the Principal Certificate Agent and the Luxembourg Certificate Agent, the “Agents”).
Macquarie Bank Limited, London Branch or any successors, assigns, replacements, additional or substitute 
calculation agent appointed to the Programme from time to time shall undertake the duties of calculation 
agent (the “Calculation Agent”) in respect of the Certificates.
As used herein, “Tranche” means Certificates which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Certificates together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Certificates which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical 
in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, and/or 
Issue Prices.
The Certificates will be represented by a global registered certificate (the “Global Registered Certificate”). 
No Certificates in definitive form will be issued. Each Global Registered Certificate will be deposited with a 
common depositary (a “Common Depositary”) for, and registered in the name of, a common nominee of 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”).
With respect to the Certificates of any Series, “Conditions” means these Terms and Conditions as modified 
and supplemented by any product specific conditions (including the Commodity Index-linked Conditions) and 
further subject to completion and amendment, and as completed by the applicable Issue Terms, provided 
that where such Certificates are issued by way of Final Terms pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, the 
Conditions may not be amended, supplemented or varied by the provisions of the Final Terms.

--- Page 108 ---
99
Copies of the Agency Agreement (which contains the form of the Final Terms) and the applicable Issue Terms 
may be obtained during normal office hours from the specified office of each Agent, save that if the Certificates 
are unlisted, the applicable Issue Terms will only be obtainable by a Certificateholder and such 
Certificateholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Certificate Agent as to its holding of such 
Certificates and its identity.
The Certificateholders are entitled to the benefit of and are deemed to have notice of and are bound by all 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement (insofar as they relate to the Certificates) and the applicable Issue 
Terms, which are binding on them. The Certificateholders are further entitled to the benefit of the Deed of 
Covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 11 April 2014 and made by the Issuer.
1.
Type, title and transfer
1.1
Type
The Certificates issued under the Programme shall be index-linked certificates.
1.2
Title to Certificates
The Certificates will be in registered form. In the case of Certificates represented by a Global 
Registered Certificate held through Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, subject as set forth 
in Condition 1.3 below:
(A)
with respect to the payment of any amount due under the terms and conditions of the 
Certificates, the person in whose name the Global Registered Certificate is registered; and
(B)
each person who is for the time being shown in the records of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or of Euroclear as the holder of a particular amount of Certificates (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear as to the 
amount of Certificates standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes save in the case of manifest error),
shall be treated by the Issuer and the Agents as the holder of such amount of Certificates for all 
purposes.
1.3
Minimum Purchase Amount of Certificates
The number of Certificates which may be purchased by a proposed investor must be equal to the 
Minimum Purchase Amount and any integral multiple thereof.
“Minimum Purchase Amount” means the minimum number of Certificates that may be sold to an 
investor as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to a minimum of EUR100,000 (or, if the 
Certificates are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency, 
determined using the market exchange rate as at the Issue Date).
1.4
Transfers of Certificates
All transactions (including permitted transfers of Certificates) in the open market or otherwise must 
be effected through an account at Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear, in the case of Certificates 
represented by a Global Registered Certificate held through Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear, 
subject to and in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be. Title will pass upon registration of the transfer in the 
books of either Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be. Transfers of Certificates 
may not be effected after the exercise or termination of such Certificates pursuant to Condition 4.1.
Any reference herein to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Principal 
Certificate Agent from time to time and notified to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 9.
Subject as stated above, transfers or exchanges of Certificates may only be made in accordance 
with the following provisions:

--- Page 109 ---
100
(A)
Transfers of interests in a Global Registered Certificate
Transfers or exchanges of Certificates represented by a Global Registered Certificate to or 
for Certificates represented by the same or another Global Registered Certificate may be 
made only upon certification (substantially in the form of Transfer Certificate from time to 
time available from any Agent in the form from time to time available from any Agent) (a 
“Transfer Certificate”) to the Principal Certificate Agent by the transferor (or, with respect to 
an exchange, the holder) thereof that such transfer or exchange, as the case may be, is 
being made to a person that is not a U.S. person (as such term is defined in Regulation S) 
in an “offshore transaction” pursuant to Regulation S in accordance with any applicable rules 
and regulations of the Principal Certificate Agent, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be.
(B)
Transfer procedure
On the transfer or exchange date Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, will debit the account of its participant and will instruct the Principal Certificate Agent to 
instruct Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, as the case may be, to credit the 
relevant account of the Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear participant.
(C)
Minimum Trading Amount
The number of Certificates which may be transferred by a Certificateholder in a single 
transaction must be equal to the Minimum Trading Amount and any integral multiple thereof.
“Minimum Trading Amount” means, the minimum number of Certificates that may be 
traded in a single transaction as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to a 
minimum of EUR100,000 (or, if the Certificates are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency, determined using the market exchange rate 
as at the Issue Date).
2.
Status of the Certificates
The Certificates are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. Claims against the Issuer in respect 
of Certificates rank at least equally with the claims of its unsecured and unsubordinated creditors 
(except creditors mandatorily preferred by law).
3.
Definitions
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement, used in the applicable Issue Terms or 
defined in the Commodity Index-linked Conditions shall have the same meanings where used in these 
Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided 
that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Issue Terms, 
the applicable Issue Terms shall prevail. In the case of any inconsistency between the applicable 
Issue Terms and the Conditions, the applicable Issue Terms shall prevail.
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the following the following expressions have the 
following meanings:
“Business Day” means a day which is both (a) a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Business Day Centre specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, or, if no Business Day Centre is so specified, in London and (b) either (i) in relation to 
any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-
European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the 
“TARGET2 System”) is open.
“Call Option Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Call Notice, which may be 
any Business Day falling prior to the Expiration Date.

--- Page 110 ---
101
“Cash Settlement Amount” means the amount to which the Certificateholder is entitled in the 
Specified Currency in relation to each such Certificate, as determined pursuant to Condition 4. 
“Commodity Index-linked Conditions” means the additional terms and conditions for Commodity
Index-linked Instruments as set out in the Annex to these Terms and Conditions.
“Exercise Business Day” means a day that is a Business Day.
“Expiration Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to 
acceleration by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 4.3, and acceleration by a Holder in 
accordance with Condition 4.4 and as otherwise provided in these Conditions.
“Holder” or “Certificateholder” means the person in whose name the Certificate is registered.
“Index Business Day” means in respect of an Index, a day on which (i) the Index Administrator 
announces or publishes (or would have announced or published, but for the occurrence of a Market 
Disruption Event) the Index Level on the Price Source, and (ii) the Exchange is open for trading (or 
would have been, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event) during its regular trading 
session, notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time.
“Index Level” has the meaning given to it in Commodity Index-linked Condition 1.
“Pricing Date” means the Expiration Date or, if such day is not an Index Business Day, the next 
following Index Business Day (the “Scheduled Pricing Date”), provided that:
(A)
in the case of a Cessation of Calculation of Commodity Index as described in Commodity 
Index-linked Condition 5.3, the Pricing Date shall be the Index Business Day falling 
immediately prior to the effective cancellation of the Index; and
(B)
in the event that a Market Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing on the Scheduled 
Pricing Date, then the Pricing Date shall be deferred to the last date of determination of the 
Index Level in respect of any Index referenced by the Certificates (the “Deferred Pricing 
Date”), as determined in accordance with Commodity Index-linked Condition 3.
“Put Option Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Put Notice, which may be any 
Business Day falling prior to the Expiration Date.
“Settlement Date” means the 31st calendar day following the Pricing Date, and if such date would 
fall on a day which is not a Business Day, such date shall be the following Business Day, or such 
other number of Business Days (which may not be less than 5 Business Days) following the Pricing 
Date as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Settlement Price”, in relation to each Certificate on a Pricing Date, means:
(A)
in the case of Certificates relating to a single Index, the Index Level in respect of such Index 
on such Pricing Date; or
(B)
in the case of Certificates relating to a Basket of Indices, the sum of the Index Levels in 
respect of each Index comprised in the Basket of Indices multiplied by the applicable 
Weighting.
“Specified Currency” means USD, EUR or GBP, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Weighting” means, in respect of each Index comprised in a Basket of Indices, the percentage 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
4.
Exercise and settlement
4.1
Exercise of Certificates
Unless previously redeemed, purchased or cancelled, Certificates will be automatically exercised by 
the Principal Certificate Agent on behalf of the Holders on the Expiration Date. The expression 
“exercise”, “due exercise” and related expressions shall be construed to apply to any Certificates in 
accordance with this provision.

--- Page 111 ---
102
4.2
Settlement of Certificates
Each Certificate in respect of an Expiration Date entitles its holder, upon due exercise, to receive 
from the Issuer on the Settlement Date a Cash Settlement Amount which shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, subject to a minimum of zero and where 
applicable, shall not be less than the Minimum Cash Settlement Amount as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms:
Cash Settlement Amount = Settlement Price × [USD 1.00/EUR 1.00/GBP 1.00] × Multiplier, 
less, in the case of cancellation following an Additional Disruption Event, each Certificate’s pro rata 
proportion of the Adjustment Costs (if any).
Where:
“Adjustment Costs” has the meaning given to it in the Commodity Index-linked Conditions.
“Multiplier” means a factor that may be applied in determining the Cash Settlement Amount 
in respect of a Certificate, which shall be one (1.00) unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.
“Settlement Price” has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.
“[USD 1.00/EUR 1.00/GBP 1.00]” means one unit of the Specified Currency. 
The Cash Settlement Amount will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in the Specified 
Currency, 0.005 being rounded upwards, with Certificates exercised at the same time by the same 
Certificateholder being aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate Cash Settlement 
Amounts payable in respect of such Certificates.
If, the Calculation Agent determines in its sole discretion that, it is not possible for payment of any 
amount to be made through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear (as the case may be) 
electronically by crediting the Certificateholder's account at Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear 
on the original Settlement Date, the Issuer shall use all its reasonable endeavours to procure payment 
through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear (as the case may be) electronically by crediting the 
Certificateholder's account as soon as reasonably practically after the original Settlement Date. The 
Issuer will not be liable to the Certificateholder for payment of any amount of interest or otherwise in 
respect of the delay, the amount due or any loss or damage that such Certificateholder may suffer 
as a result of the existence of the Settlement Disruption Event.
For the purposes hereof “Settlement Disruption Event” means, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, an event beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of which the Issuer is 
prohibited, unable or fails to make any payment through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear (as 
the case may be).
4.3
Issuer Call Option
If “Issuer Call Option” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer may elect 
that all (but not some only) of the Certificates will be automatically exercised on the Call Option Date 
(as defined below).
In order to exercise the right to bring forward the Expiration Date of a Certificate the Issuer must 
deliver a notice of exercise (a “Call Notice”) to the Holders of the Certificates in accordance with 
Condition 9 not less than 5 nor more than 30 days' notice (or such other Issuer Call Option Notice 
Period as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms) prior to the applicable Call Option Date.
4.4
Holder Put Option
If “Holder Put Option” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a Holder may elect 
to bring forward the Expiration Date for all or some of its Certificates to the Put Option Date (as 
defined below).
In order to exercise the right to bring forward the Expiration Date of a Certificate the Holder must, not 
less than 5 Business Days’ notice (or such other Holder Put Option Notice Period as may be specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms) prior to the applicable Put Option Date, give a valid notice to the

--- Page 112 ---
103
Principal Certificate Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to the Principal Certificate Agent 
by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to 
time.
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Certificate pursuant to this Condition 4.4 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, the Certificateholder has become 
entitled to declare a Certificate due and payable pursuant to Condition 6.1, in which event such 
holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this 
Condition 4.4 and instead to declare such Certificate forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 
6.1.
4.5
General
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Agents shall have any responsibility for any errors 
or omissions in the calculation of any Cash Settlement Amount.
5.
Settlement
Subject to Condition 4.2, the Issuer shall on the Settlement Date pay or cause to be paid the Cash 
Settlement Amount (if any) for each duly exercised Certificate to the Certificateholder's account with 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as applicable, in accordance with the rules of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, in each case, for value on the Settlement Date. The Issuer shall be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as applicable, 
in respect of the amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, as applicable, as the holder of an amount of the Certificates must look 
solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, for his share of each such payment 
so made to, or to the order of, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as applicable. 
6.
Early Cancellation of the Certificates
6.1
Insolvency
If an order is made for the winding-up of the Issuer or a resolution is passed for the winding-up of the 
Issuer other than for the purposes of a solvent reconstruction or amalgamation and such order shall 
have remained in force undischarged and unstayed for a period of 30 days, then any Certificateholder 
may, by written notice declare the Certificates immediately due and payable at the Early Cancellation 
Amount.
6.2
Illegality
In the event that the Issuer determines that the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the 
Certificates or that any arrangements made to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the Certificates 
has or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance 
with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any 
governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, 
the Issuer having given not less than 31 days’ nor more than 60 days' notice to Certificateholders in 
accordance with Condition 9, (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, on the expiry of such notice 
cancel all, but not some only, of the Certificates at the Early Cancellation Amount. Should any one or 
more of the provisions contained in these Terms and Conditions be or become invalid, the validity of 
the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected thereby.
6.3
Force Majeure and Impossibility
If, after giving effect to any applicable fallback provision or remedy specified in these Conditions, the 
Commodity Index-linked Conditions or the applicable Issue Terms, as the case may be, the Issuer is 
prevented from performing or hedging its obligations to make a payment in respect of the Certificates 
as a result of any force majeure, act of state, strike, epidemic, terrorism, riot, civil strife, blockade or 
similar circumstance or, if the Issuer determines in good faith that it has become impossible or 
impractical for it to perform or hedge such obligations as a result of any change in national or 
international financial, political or economic conditions or currency exchange rates or exchange 
controls (including any event which has the effect of hindering, limiting or restricting the exchange of

--- Page 113 ---
104
a relevant currency into the Specified Currency), the Issuer having given not less than 31 days’ nor 
more than 60 days' notice to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 9 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice cancel all, but not some only, of the Certificates at the 
Early Cancellation Amount. 
6.4
Early Cancellation Amount
The “Early Cancellation Amount” in respect of a Certificate shall be an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion being equal to (i) the fair market value of such Certificate 
(taking into account all factors which the Calculation Agent determines relevant) less (ii) Associated 
Costs, and provided that in the case of an early cancellation pursuant to Condition 6.1, no account 
shall be taken of the financial condition or creditworthiness of the Issuer which shall be presumed to 
be able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the Certificate. Payment will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 9.
As used herein:
“Associated Costs” means, in respect of a Certificate, an amount equal to such Certificate's' pro 
rata share of the total amount of any and all costs associated or incurred by the Issuer or any Affiliate 
in connection with such early cancellation, including, without limitation, any costs associated with 
unwinding any funding or other financing relating to the Certificates and any costs associated with 
unwinding or reinstating any hedge positions relating to the Certificates, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion.
7.
Purchases
The Issuer or any of its Affiliates may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Certificates at any 
price in the open market or otherwise. Any Certificates so purchased may be held, reissued, resold 
or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Agent for cancellation.
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity 
directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes “control” means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity.
8.
Agents, determinations and modifications
8.1
Agents
The specified offices of the Agents are as set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to 
appoint further or additional Agents, provided that no termination of appointment of the Principal 
Certificate Agent shall become effective until a replacement Principal Certificate Agent shall have 
been appointed and provided that, so long as any of the Certificates are listed on a stock exchange, 
there shall be an Agent having a specified office in each location required by the rules and regulations 
of the relevant stock exchange. Notice of any termination of appointment and of any changes in the 
specified office of any Agent will be given to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 9, 
provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such 
termination or changes. In acting under the Agency Agreement, each Agent acts solely as agent of 
the Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or 
with, the Certificateholders and any determinations and calculations made in respect of the 
Certificates by any Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding 
on the Issuer and the Certificateholders.
The Agency Agreement may be amended by the parties thereto, but without the consent of the 
Certificateholders, for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing, correcting or supplementing 
any defective provision contained therein or in any manner which the parties may mutually deem 
necessary or desirable and which shall not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Certificateholders.
8.2
Calculation Agent
In relation to each issue of Certificates, the Calculation Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and 
does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the

--- Page 114 ---
105
Certificateholders. All calculations and determinations made in respect of the Certificates by the 
Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the 
Issuer and the Certificateholders. The Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer and the 
Principal Certificate Agent upon any such calculations and determinations, and (in the absence of 
wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) no liability to the Issuer, the Agents or the Certificateholders 
shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.
The Calculation Agent may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and 
functions to a third party as it deems appropriate.
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of the Calculation Agent and/or approve 
any change in the specified office through which the Calculation Agent acts, provided that there will 
at all times be a Calculation Agent.
8.3
Determinations by the Issuer
Any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to these Terms and Conditions shall (save in the 
case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Certificateholders.
8.4
Modification
The Issuer may amend or modify these Terms and Conditions without the consent of the 
Certificateholders in any manner which the Issuer may deem necessary or desirable provided that in 
the sole opinion of the Issuer, such amendment or modification: (i) is not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Certificateholders; or (ii) is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or (iii) is made to 
correct a manifest or proven error; or (iv) is to cure, correct or supplement any ambiguity or defective 
provision contained herein and/or therein or to comply with mandatory provisions of law, rule or 
regulations; or (v) is made to correct an error or omission such that, in the absence of such correction, 
the terms of the Certificates would not otherwise represent the intended terms of such Certificates
on which such Certificates were sold. Any such modification shall be binding on the Certificateholder. 
Notice of any such modification will be given to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 
9, provided that failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such 
modification.
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Certificateholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of 
a modification of the Certificates or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting 
may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by the 
Certificateholders holding not less than 10 per cent. (by number) of the Certificates for the time being 
remaining unexercised. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is 
one or more persons present and holding or representing a clear majority (by number) of the 
Certificates for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons present 
whatever the number of the Certificates so held or represented by them, except that at any meeting 
the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Conditions of the 
Certificates (including modifying any Expiration Date, reducing or cancelling the Cash Settlement 
Amount or altering the Specified Currency), the quorum shall be one or more persons present and 
holding or representing not less than two-thirds (by number) of the Certificates of the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons present and holding or 
representing not less than one-third (by number) of the Certificates for the time being outstanding. 
An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Certificateholders shall be binding on all 
Certificateholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting. For the purposes of the provisions 
for convening meetings of the Certificateholders, any Certificates which are for the time being held 
by or for the benefit of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) 
be deemed not to remain outstanding. A resolution signed by or on behalf of holders of 100 per cent 
of the Certificates outstanding shall for all purposes be valid and effective as an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held.
9.
Notices
All notices to Certificateholders shall be valid if delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the Certificateholders. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given to the holders of the Certificates on the first day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 115 ---
106
If the Certificates are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices shall be published on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s internet site www.luxse.com. Any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the date of the first publication.
Notices to be given by any Certificateholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same with 
the Principal Certificate Agent. Such notice may be given by any Certificateholder to the Principal 
Certificate Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such 
manner as the Principal Certificate Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, may approve for this purpose.
10.
Expenses and taxation
The Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other 
payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, exercise or enforcement of any 
Certificates. All payments made by the Issuer in respect of the Certificates shall be made subject to 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives, and (ii) any tax, duty, withholding, 
deduction or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted, which, 
for the avoidance of doubt, includes any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. The Issuer shall not be obliged to gross up or 
otherwise pay any additional amounts in respect of any payments in respect of the Certificates. The 
Issuer may, but is under no obligation to, take steps to mitigate the burden of such tax, duty, 
withholding or deduction applying to the Certificates (as deemed appropriate by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion).
11.
Further issues
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of Certificateholders to create and 
issue further Certificates having terms and conditions the same or substantially the same as the 
Certificates and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding
Certificates. 
12.
Substitution of the Issuer
The Issuer, or any previous substituted company may, at any time, without the consent of the 
Certificateholders, substitute for itself as principal obligor under the Certificates any company 
(“Substitute”), being the Issuer or any other company, subject to:
(A)
the Issuer unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteeing in favour of each Certificateholder 
the performance of all obligations by the Substitute under the Certificates;
(B)
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done to ensure that the 
Certificates represent legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute having been taken, 
fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect;
(C)
the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it;
(D)
each stock exchange on which the Certificates are listed shall have confirmed that, following 
the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Certificates will continue to be listed on such 
stock exchange;
(E)
if appropriate, the Substitute shall have appointed a process agent as its agent in England to 
receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with the Certificates; and
(F)
the Issuer shall have given at least 30 days' prior notice of the date of such substitution to 
the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 9.

--- Page 116 ---
107
13.
Governing law and jurisdiction
13.1
Governing law
The Certificates, the Global Registered Certificate and the Agency Agreement and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Certificates, the Global Registered 
Certificate and the Agency Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
English law.
13.2
Submission to jurisdiction 
In relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Certificates 
(“Proceedings”), the courts of England have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Certificates (including a dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Certificates) and the Issuer and the 
Certificateholders submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. The Issuer and the 
Certificateholders waive any objection to Proceedings in the English courts on the grounds of venue 
or that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum.
14.
Adjustments for European monetary union
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Certificateholders, on giving notice to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 9:
(A)
elect that, with effect from the Adjustment Date specified in the notice, certain terms of the 
Certificates shall be redenominated in euro.
The election will have effect as follows:
(1)
where the Specified Currency of the Certificates is the National Currency Unit of a 
country which is participating in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary 
Union, such Specified Currency shall be deemed to be an amount of euro converted 
from the original Specified Currency into euro at the Established Rate, subject to such 
provisions (if any) as to rounding as the Issuer may decide, after consultation with the 
Calculation Agent, and as may be specified in the notice, and after the Adjustment 
Date, all cash payments in respect of the Certificates will be made solely in euro as 
though references to the Specified Currency were to euro;
(2)
where the Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these Terms and Conditions are 
expressed in or, in the case of the Exchange Rate, contemplate the exchange from or 
into, the currency (“Original Currency”) of a country which is participating in the third 
stage of European Economic and Monetary Union, such Exchange Rate and/or any 
other terms of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be expressed in or, in 
the case of the Exchange Rate, converted from or, as the case may be into, euro at 
the Established Rate; and
(3)
such other changes shall be made to these Terms and Conditions as the Issuer may 
decide, after consultation with the Calculation Agent to conform them to conventions 
then applicable to instruments expressed in euro; and/or
(B)
require that the Calculation Agent make such adjustments to the Multiplier and/or the Index 
Level and/or any other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the Issue Terms as the 
Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, may determine to be appropriate to account for the 
effect of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union on the Multiplier and/or 
the Index Level and/or such other terms of these Terms and Conditions.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Agents shall 
be liable to any Certificateholder or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or 
expenses in relation to or resulting from the transfer of euro or any currency conversion or 
rounding effected in connection therewith.
In this Condition, the following expressions have the following meanings:
“Adjustment Date” means a date specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the 
Certificateholders pursuant to this Condition 14 which falls on or after the date on which the

--- Page 117 ---
108
country of the Original Currency first participates in the third stage of European Economic 
and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty;
“Established Rate” means the rate for the conversion of the Original Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European 
Community regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant 
to first sentence of Article 1091(4) of the Treaty;
“euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic 
and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty;
“National Currency Unit” means the unit of the currency of a country, as those units are 
defined on the day before the date on which the country of the Original Currency first 
participates in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union; and
“Treaty” means the treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.
15.
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
The Certificates do not confer on a third party any right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) 
Act 1999 (“Act”) to enforce any term of the Certificates but this does not affect any right or remedy 
of a third party which exists or is available apart from the Act.

--- Page 118 ---
109
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE CERTIFICATES
Pro Forma Final Terms for an issue of Certificates by Macquarie Bank Limited, London Branch under the 
Programme for the issue of Index-linked Notes and Certificates
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Instruments are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive EU 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.] 3
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Instruments are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 4
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY / TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process,” the target market 
assessment in respect of the Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Instruments is eligible to counterparties and professional client only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, “MIFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Instruments to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Instruments (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment 
in respect of the Instruments and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Instruments is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Instruments to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by
3
Delete legend if the Instruments do not constitute “packaged” products, in which case, insert “Not Applicable” in paragraph 8 of 
Part B below. Include legend if the Instruments may constitute “packaged” products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the 
Instruments being offered, sold or otherwise made available to EEA retail investors. In this case, insert “Applicable” in paragraph 8
of Part B below.
4
Delete legend if the Instruments do not constitute “packaged” products, in which case, insert “Not Applicable” in paragraph 8 of 
Part B below. Include legend if the Instruments may constitute “packaged” products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the 
Instruments being offered, sold or otherwise made available to EEA retail investors. In this case, insert “Applicable” in paragraph 8
of Part B below.

--- Page 119 ---
110
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]5
Date: [ ]
Series No.: [ ]
MACQUARIE BANK LIMITED, LONDON BRANCH
(ACN 008 583 542)
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 4ZHCHI4KYZG2WVRT8631
Issue of [Issue size] [Title of Certificates]
under the Index-linked Note and Certificate Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
The Certificates issued by the Issuer will be subject to the Terms and Conditions and also to the following 
terms (the “Final Terms”) in relation to the Certificates.
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined in and shall have the same meaning as in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Certificates and the Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Index-Linked 
Instruments (if applicable) (as may be amended and/or supplemented up to, and including, [insert Issue Date 
of first Tranche]) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 7 March 2023 [and the Prospectus Supplement[s] 
dated [ ] [and [ ]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). For the purpose of these Final Terms, references to Final Terms in the 
Base Prospectus shall be read and construed as references to Final Terms in respect of the Certificates. This 
document constitutes the applicable Final Terms of the Certificates described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Certificates is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these applicable Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at 
www.luxse.com [[and] during normal business hours at [insert address] and copies may be obtained from 
[insert address]]. However, a summary of the issue of the Certificates is annexed to these Final Terms.]
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date.)
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Certificate Conditions set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated [11 April 2014]/[29 July 2015]/[20 October 2016]/[20 December 2017]/[7 
September 2018][11 July 2019][16 September 2020][14 October 2021] which is incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus dated 7 March 2023. This document constitutes the applicable Final Terms of the 
Certificates described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with this Base Prospectus dated 7 March 2023 [and the Prospectus Supplement[s] dated [ ] [and 
[ ]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base 
Prospectus”), save in respect of the Certificate Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus 
dated [11 April 2014]/[29 July 2015]/[20 October 2016]/[20 December 2017]/[7 September 2018]/[11 July 
2019]/[16 September 2020][14 October 2021]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Certificates 
is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus [and the 
Prospectus Supplement[s] dated [ ] [and [ ]]. However, a summary of the issue of the Certificates is annexed 
to these Final Terms. 
The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at www.luxse.com [[and] during normal business hours at [insert 
address] and copies may be obtained from [insert address]].]
5
Delete legend if the Instruments do not constitute “packaged” products, in which case, insert “Not Applicable” in paragraph 31 of 
Part A below. Include legend if the Instruments may constitute “packaged” products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the 
Instruments being offered, sold or otherwise made available to EEA retail investors. In this case, insert “Applicable” in paragraph 8
of Part B below.

--- Page 120 ---
111
1.
(i)
Series Number:
[ ]
(ii)
Tranche Number:
[ ]
(If fungible with an existing Series, 
give details of that Series, including 
the date on which the Securities 
become fungible.)
[ ]
2.
Issue Date:
[ ]
3.
Expiration Date:
[ ], provided that, if such date is not an Exercise Business 
Day, the Expiration Date shall be the immediately 
[preceding/succeeding] Exercise Business Day.
4.
Aggregate Number of Certificates 
being issued:
(i)
Series:
[ ]
(ii)
Tranche:
[ ]
5.
Issue Price:
[ ]
6.
Business Day Centre(s):
[ ]
7.
Specified Currency:
[USD/EUR/GBP]
8.
Settlement Date: 
[As per Condition 3 [ ] Business Days following the 
Pricing Date]
9.
Issuer Call Option:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[If Applicable:
-
Issuer Call Option Notice 
Period:
[As per Condition 4.3/Not less than [ ] and not more than 
[ ] Business Days prior to the Call Option Date.]
10.
Holder Put Option:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[If Applicable:
-
Holder Put Option Notice 
Period:
[As per Condition 4.4/Not less than [ ] and not more than 
[ ] Business Days prior to the Put Option Date.]
11.
Index/Indices:
[ ] (NB: No proprietary index may be specified in the form 
of Final Terms)
12.
Index Administrator:
[ ] ]/[Not Applicable]
13.
Price Source:
[ ] [Bloomberg page [ ]] [Reuters page [ ]] [website of 
Index Administrator] 
14.
Exchange:
[ ] / [For Commodity Index-linked Certificates as provided 
in 
Condition 
1
of 
the 
Commodity 
Index-linked
Conditions.]
15.
Additional Disruption Event(s):
[Change 
in 
Law]/[Hedging 
Disruption 
Event]/[Not 
Applicable]/[Other]
16.
Index Cut-off Date:
[ ]/[As provided in Condition 1 of the Commodity Index-
Linked Conditions]

--- Page 121 ---
112
17.
Multiplier:
[ ]
18.
Common Pricing:
[For Commodity Index-linked Certificates applicable/Not 
Applicable] (NB: Only applicable in relation to Commodity 
Index-linked Certificates relating to a Basket of Indices.)
19.
Weighting:
The weighting to be applied to each item comprising the 
Basket is [ ] (NB: Only applicable in relation to Index-
Linked Certificates relating to a Basket of Indices.)
20.
Cash Settlement Amount:
As provided in Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions
of the Certificates.
21.
Minimum Cash Settlement Amount:
[[ ]/Not Applicable]
22.
Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Commodity Linked Instruments:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
23.
Minimum Purchase Amount:
[ ]
24.
Minimum Trading Amount:
[ ]
[The information relating to [ ] [and [ ]] contained herein has been accurately extracted from [insert information 
source(s)] and, so far as the Issuer is aware, no information has been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of Macquarie Bank Limited, London Branch:
By:
Duly authorised

--- Page 122 ---
113
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
Listing and admission to trading
(i)
Listing and Admission to trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Certificates to be admitted to trading on 
[the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market] 
and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange with effect from [the Issue Date/ [insert 
relevant date]]. [There can be no assurance that such 
application will be successful or if successful will be 
maintained.] [The Issuer has no obligation to maintain a 
listing and/or admission to trading of the Certificates on 
the stock exchange. The Certificates may be suspended 
from trading at any time.] [The Certificates will not be 
listed.]
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original securities are already admitted to trading)
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[Give details]
2.
Authorisation
[Date [Board] approval for the issuance 
of Certificates obtained:
[Insert]
3.
Ratings
Credit ratings:
[Where the Instruments have not been rated:
[The [Certificates] to be issued have not been rated by 
any rating agency. [However, the [Certificates] are 
issued pursuant to Macquarie Bank Limited’s [specify 
applicable programme] Instrument Programme which is 
rated by rating agencies as follows: 
S&P Global Ratings, Inc.: [specify]
Moody’s Investors Service Limited: [specify]
Fitch Australia Pty Ltd: [specify]]]
[or, where the Instruments have been rated:
[The [Certificates] to be issued have been rated by the 
following ratings agency(ies): 
[S&P Global Ratings, Inc.: [specify]]
[Moody’s Investors Service Limited: [specify]]
[Fitch Australia Pty Ltd: [specify]]
[[Other (specify)]: [specify]]]

--- Page 123 ---
114
4.
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement:
“[Save for any fees payable to the Dealers,] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the issue of the Certificates has an interest material to the offer.”]
(If no conflicts have been disclosed, please mark as not applicable)
5.
Reasons for the offer, estimated net proceeds, total expenses and use of proceeds
[Reasons for offer and use of proceeds:
[ ]]
(see section in the Base Prospectus titled “Use of 
Proceeds”)
(If reasons for offer different from making profit and/or 
hedging certain risks will need to include those reasons 
here)
Estimated net proceeds:
[ ]
Estimated total expenses:
[ ]
6.
Information about the past and the further performance of the underlying and its volatility
[Include details of [the/each] index, where pricing information about [the/each] index is available, 
the relevant weighting of each index within a [basket of indices/indices] and where past and future 
performance and volatility of [the index/basket of indices] can be obtained.] [Include a clear and 
comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is affected by the underlying and 
the circumstances when the risks are most evident.]
7.
Operational information
(i)
ISIN Code:
[ ]
(ii)
Common Code:
[ ]
(iii)
CFI:
[[ ] / [Not Applicable / Not Available]
(iv)
FISN:
[[ ] / [Not Applicable / Not Available]
(v)
Clearing System(s):
[Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
B-1210 Brussels, Luxembourg]
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-
1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg]
[other]
(vi)
Minimum Purchase Amount:
[ ]
(vii)
Minimum Trading Amount:
[ ]
(viii)
Delivery:
Delivery [against] / [free of] payment
8.
Distribution
(i)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/Not Applicable]

--- Page 124 ---
115
(ii)
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]
(iii)
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]
[If the Certificates clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Certificates may constitute “packaged” products and no 
KID will be prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be 
specified:
(iv)
Additional Selling Restriction:
[ ]/[Not Applicable]
9.
EU Benchmarks Regulation
[Amounts payable under the Certificates are calculated by reference to [insert name of Index], 
which is provided by [insert name of Index Administrator]. As at the date hereof, [insert name of 
Index Administrator] [appears]/[does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. [As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmark Regulation 
apply, such that [insert name of Index Administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]]/[Not Applicable]
10.
Index Disclaimers
[Insert relevant Disclaimers]

--- Page 125 ---
116
ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY OF THE CERTIFICATES
[Insert]

--- Page 126 ---
117
ANNEX TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS: ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 
COMMODITY INDEX-LINKED INSTRUMENTS
The terms and conditions applicable to Commodity Index-linked Notes shall comprise the terms and 
conditions of the Notes (the “Note Conditions”) and the additional terms and conditions for Commodity
Index-linked Instruments set out below (the “Commodity Index-linked Conditions”). The terms and 
conditions applicable to Certificates shall comprise the terms and conditions of the Certificates (the 
“Certificate Conditions”, and together with the Note Conditions, the “Base Conditions”) and the Commodity 
Index-linked Conditions, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Issue Terms. In the event of 
any inconsistency between the Base Conditions and the Commodity Index-linked Conditions, the Commodity 
Index-linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (a) the Base Conditions
and/or the Commodity Index-linked Conditions and (b) the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue 
Terms shall prevail. References in the Commodity Index-linked Conditions to (i) “Instrument” and 
“Instruments” shall be deemed to be references to “Note” and “Notes” or “Certificate” and “Certificates” 
as the context requires and (ii) “Holder” or “Holders” and “Instrumentholder” or “Instrumentholders” shall 
be deemed to be references to a holder or the holders, as the case may be, of relevant Instruments including 
for the avoidance of doubt Notes or Certificates. Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in these 
Commodity Index-linked Conditions shall have the meaning given to them in the Base Conditions or the 
applicable Issue Terms, as the case may be.
1.
Definitions applicable to Commodity Index-linked Instruments
“Applicable Hedge Positions” means any hedge positions that the Issuer, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, would consider necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Instruments at any time.
“Additional Disruption Event” means a Change in Law or Hedging Disruption Event, if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Adjustment Costs” means, if an Additional Disruption Event occurs on, or has occurred prior to the 
Pricing Date, an amount determined by the Issuer that the Issuer or its affiliates may incur in 
connection with any such Additional Disruption Event, taking into account factors including (but not 
limited to): (i) the objective of the Index, (ii) the replicability of the Index and (iii) its costs in 
establishing, maintaining, unwinding or disposing of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Instruments.
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means, in respect of any Instruments and a Benchmark, the 
occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, of any of the 
following events in respect of such Benchmark:
(A)
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval 
in respect of the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark is not 
obtained;
(B)
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark is not included in an official 
register;
(C)
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark does not fulfil any legal or 
regulatory requirement applicable to the Instruments or the Benchmark;
(D)
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body rejects or refuses any 
application for authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, an equivalence 
decision, approval or inclusion in any official register which, in each case, is required in 
relation to the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark;
(E)
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in 
relation to the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark; or
(F)
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark is removed from any official 
register,

--- Page 127 ---
118
in each case, as required under any applicable law or regulation in order for the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent to perform its or their respective obligations in respect of the Instruments.
“Basket of Commodity Indices” means, in relation to a particular Instrument, a basket composed 
of Commodity Indices in the relative proportions specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Benchmark” means, in respect of any Instruments, any rate, level, value or other figure in respect 
of one or more Instruments utilised in order to determine the Final Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount or any other amount (including if applicable any coupon or 
interest amount) payable or asset deliverable under the Instruments.
“Calculation Agent Determination” means that the Calculation Agent will determine the Index Level, 
taking into consideration the latest available quotation for the relevant Index Level and any other 
information that in good faith it deems relevant.
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of or any change in 
any applicable law or regulation (including without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (x) it will, or there is a 
substantial likelihood that it will, with the passing of time, or has, become illegal for the Issuer or any 
of its Affiliates to hold, acquire, dispose of, or realise, recover or remit the proceeds of the sale or 
disposal of, Instruments or any commodity or any Underlying Contract, Linked Contract or linked 
asset or any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the commodity price risk or any 
other relevant price risk including, without limitation, any currency risk, of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Instruments or (y) the Issuer or any of its Affiliates will 
incur a materially increased cost in the Issuer performing its obligations under the Instruments or 
under any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the commodity price risk or any 
other relevant price risk including, without limitation, any currency risk, of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Instruments (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position);
“Commodity Index” means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Commodity Index-linked
Conditions, each index comprising Underlying Contracts in respect of and/or commodity prices, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms.
“Exchange(s)” means, in respect of an Underlying Contract, (i) the exchange or principal trading 
market specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or (ii) if no such exchange or principal trading market 
is specified in the Issue Terms, the exchange or principal trading market on which such Underlying 
Contract is traded.
“Hedging Disruption Event” means the occurrence of any of the following events, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent:
(A)
the Issuer (or any of its Affiliates) is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to 
acquire, maintain, short sell or dispose of any (i) Underlying Contract, (ii) any Linked Contract 
or any other instrument or security on which the value of an index component depends or 
(iii) any instrument or security which is required to replicate the calculation methodology of 
the Index (including, but not limited to, interest rates and FX rates, if applicable; or
(B)
the Issuer (or any of its Affiliates) would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense (including, but not 
limited to, increased bid/offer spreads in the market) or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (i) acquire, maintain, short-sell or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
(whether in whole or in part) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Instruments, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased 
amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer 
shall not be deemed a Hedging Disruption Event.
“Index Administrator” means (A) the entity specified as such in the Issue Terms; or (B) if no such 
entity is specified in the Issue Terms, the entity determined by the Calculation Agent that is

--- Page 128 ---
119
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and 
adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Commodity Index and announces or publishes the level 
of the Commodity Index on a regular basis.
“Index Cut-off Date” means the date specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or if not so specified, 
the day falling eight Index Business Days following the Scheduled Pricing Date.
“Index Level” means for the Initial Pricing Date or any Pricing Date, the official closing value of the 
Commodity Index in respect of such Pricing Date, as published by the Index Administrator on the 
Price Source, subject to the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event.
“Linked Contract” means, in respect of any Underlying Contract any contract (if any) for which the 
occurrence of a suspension, limitation or disruption in trading in respect of which shall, as provided 
in the methodology of the Index, be deemed to constitute a suspension, limitation or disruption in 
trading.
“Market Disruption Event” means the occurrence of any of the following events, with respect to a 
Commodity Index:
(A)
a temporary or permanent failure by the applicable Exchange, Index Administrator or Price 
Source to announce or publish (i) the Index Level or (ii) the closing price for any Underlying 
Contract or any Linked Contract;
(B)
the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of an Underlying Contract, 
Linked Contract or the Price Source;
(C)
a material limitation, suspension or disruption of trading in one or more Underlying Contracts 
or Linked Contracts which results in a failure by the Exchange on which each applicable 
Underlying Contract or Linked Contract is traded to report a closing price for such Underlying 
Contract or Linked Contract on the day on which such event occurs or any succeeding day 
on which it continues;
(D)
the closing price for any Underlying Contract or Linked Contract is a “limit price”, which 
means that the closing price for such Underlying Contract or Linked Contract for a day has 
increased or decreased from the previous day's closing price by the maximum amount 
permitted under applicable exchange rules; 
(E)
trading on the applicable Exchange for a Underlying Contract or Linked Contract is 
suspended or interrupted prior to the time at which the regular session is scheduled to close, 
and trading does not resume at least 10 minutes prior to the scheduled closing time; 
(F)
a material change in the context of the Underlying Contract or Linked Contract or a disruption 
in trading relating to tax in respect of the Underlying Contract, Linked Contract or commodity;
(G)   
the closing price for any Underlying Contract or Linked Contract is capped or adjusted 
pursuant to a price correction mechanism imposed by a governmental authority, regulator or 
trading facility;
(H)
an Administrator/Benchmark Event; or
(I)
any additional Market Disruption Event as specified in the Issue Terms.
“Price Source” means the screen page and/or other information provider or publication (or such other 
origin of reference including an Exchange) containing (or reporting) the Index Level (or prices from 
which the Index Level is calculated) specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or any other page, 
information provider or publication as may replace it for the purpose of displaying the Index Level (or 
prices from which the Index Level is calculated), as determined by the Calculation Agent).
“Underlying Contract” means any each futures contract that underlies the applicable Commodity 
Index, either directly (as a component of such Commodity Index) or indirectly (as an component of 
any index that is (directly or indirectly) a component of such Commodity Index), as the case may be.

--- Page 129 ---
120
2.
Terms relating to Calculation of Prices
2.1
Common Pricing
With respect to Commodity Index-linked Instruments relating to a Basket of Commodity Indices, if 
“Common Pricing” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as:
(A)
“Applicable” then, no date will be a Pricing Date unless such date is a day on which all 
referenced Index Levels are (or but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event would 
have been) scheduled to be published or announced.
(B)
“Not Applicable” then, a date will be a Pricing Date regardless of whether such date is a day 
on which all referenced Index Levels are (or but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption 
Event would have been) scheduled to be published or announced.
2.2
For the avoidance of doubt, in case of both (A) and (B) above if the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists on the Pricing Date in respect of any Commodity 
Index in a Basket of Commodity Indices (each an “Affected Commodity Index”), the Index Level of 
each Commodity Index within the basket which is not affected by the occurrence of a Market 
Disruption Event shall be determined on its scheduled Pricing Date and the Index Level for each 
Affected Commodity Index shall be determined in accordance with the first applicable Disruption 
Fallback (as set out below).
3.
Market Disruption and Disruption Fallback
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Market Disruption Event has occurred (including 
without limitation in respect of any Underlying Contract or Linked Contract) and is continuing on any 
Scheduled Pricing Date, the Index Level for that Pricing Date will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent using:
(A)
with respect to each Underlying Contract included in the Commodity Index which is not 
affected by the Market Disruption Event, the closing prices of each such Underlying Contract 
on the Scheduled Pricing Date; and
(B)
with respect to each Underlying Contract included in the Commodity Index which is affected 
by the Market Disruption Event, the closing price of each such Underlying Contract on the 
first day following the Scheduled Pricing Date on which no Market Disruption Event is 
occurring with respect to such Underlying Contract.
Subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index Level by reference to the 
closing prices determined in (A) and (B) above using the then current method for calculating the Index 
Level.
Where a Market Disruption Event with respect to one or more Underlying Contract included in the 
Commodity Index has occurred on an applicable determination date and continues to exist as of the 
relevant Index Cut-off Date for such applicable determination date, Calculation Agent Determination 
shall apply.
4.
Additional Disruption Events and Disruption Fallback
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, an Additional Disruption Event occurs:
(A)
the Calculation Agent shall determine whether an appropriate adjustment can be made to 
the Conditions and/or any other provisions relating to the Instruments to account for the 
economic effect of such Additional Disruption Event on the Instruments which would produce 
a commercially reasonable result and preserve substantially the economic effect to the 
Instrumentholders of a holding of the relevant Instrument (by reference, in the case of 
Hedging Disruption Event, to the amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent, that would

--- Page 130 ---
121
have been realised by the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, in acquiring, 
establishing, re-establishing, substituting, maintaining, unwinding or disposing of the 
Applicable Hedge Positions). If the Calculation Agent determines that an appropriate 
adjustment or adjustments can be made, the Issuer shall determine the effective date of such 
adjustment(s), notify the Instrumentholders of such adjustment(s) and take the necessary 
steps to effect such adjustment(s).
(B)
If the Calculation Agent determines that no such adjustment that could be made would 
produce a commercially reasonable result and preserve substantially the economic effect to 
the Instrumentholders of a holding of the relevant Instrument, the Calculation Agent will notify 
the Issuer of such determination. In such event, the Issuer may, on giving not less than five 
Index Business Days’ irrevocable notice to the Instrumentholders, designate a date 
determined by it as the applicable Pricing Date and shall redeem or cancel all of the 
Instruments of the relevant Series on the applicable Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as 
applicable) and pay to each Instrumentholder, in respect of each Instrument held by it, an 
amount equal to the Final Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount on such date 
(provided that the Issuer may also, prior to such redemption or cancellation of the 
Instruments, make any adjustment(s) to the relevant Base Conditions or any other provisions 
relating to the Instruments as appropriate in order to (when considered together with the 
redemption or cancellation of the Instruments) account for the effect of such Additional 
Disruption Event on the Instruments (by reference, in the case of Hedging Disruption Event, 
to the amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent, that would have been realised by the 
Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, in acquiring, establishing, re-
establishing, substituting, maintaining, unwinding or disposing of the Applicable Hedge 
Positions).
5.
Adjustments to a Commodity Index
5.1
Successor Index Administrator Calculates and Reports a Commodity Index 
If a relevant Commodity Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Administrator but is 
calculated and announced by a successor administrator (the “Successor Index Administrator”) 
acceptable to the Issuer, or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used 
in the calculation of that Commodity Index, then in each case that index (the “Successor Index”) will 
be deemed to be the Commodity Index. 
5.2
Modification of Commodity Index
If on or prior to a Pricing Date the Calculation Agent determines that relevant Index Administrator 
makes a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the Commodity Index or in 
any other way materially modifies that Commodity Index (other than a modification prescribed in that 
formula or method to maintain that Commodity Index in the event of changes in constituent 
commodities and weightings and other routine events) (an “Index Adjustment Event”), then the 
Calculation Agent may at its option (i) calculate the Index Level using in lieu of the published level for 
that Commodity Index, the level for that Commodity Index as at the relevant determination date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating 
that Commodity Index last in effect prior to the relevant Index Adjustment Event; or (ii) giving not less 
than 31 days’ nor more than 60 days’ notice (a) redeem the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
(determined on the basis of Market Value less associated costs); or (b) cancel the Certificates at the 
Early Cancellation Amount.
5.3
Cessation of Calculation of Commodity Index
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index Administrator permanently cancels the Commodity 
Index and there is no Successor Index Administrator or Successor Index on such date, (i) the Notes 
will redeem on the Maturity Date at the Early Redemption Amount (determined on the basis of Market 
Value less Associated Costs), or (ii) the Certificates will automatically be cancelled on the Expiration 
Date at the Early Cancellation Amount.

--- Page 131 ---
122
5.4
Corrections to a Commodity Index
If the level of the Commodity Index published on any Pricing Date (or, if different, the day on which 
the price for that Pricing Date would, in the ordinary course, be determined) by the relevant Index 
Administrator or (if applicable) the relevant Successor Index Administrator and which is utilised for 
any calculation or determination made for the purposes of the Instruments (a “Relevant Calculation”) 
is subsequently corrected and the correction (the “Corrected Commodity Index Level”) published 
by the relevant Index Administrator or (if applicable) the relevant Successor Index Administrator no 
later than two Business Days prior to the date of payment of any amount, in respect of the 
Instruments, to be calculated by reference to the Relevant Calculation then such Corrected 
Commodity Index Level shall be deemed to be the relevant level for such Commodity Index on such 
Pricing Date (or, if different, the day on which the price for that Pricing Date would, in the ordinary 
course, be determined) and the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Commodity Index Level 
in determining the relevant level or price or may adjust the Conditions of the Instruments to account 
for such correction.
For the avoidance of doubt, where adjustments are made to a relevant Commodity Index is in 
accordance with Commodity Index-linked Conditions 5.1, 5.2, 5.3 above, no Market Disruption Event 
will have occurred as defined in Commodity Index-linked Condition 1 above.
An event may comprise one or more of the following: a Market Disruption Event, Additional Disruption 
Event or an Index Adjustment Event, in which case the Calculation Agent may determine in its sole 
discretion which categorisation of event shall apply
6.
Index Disclaimer
The Instruments are not sponsored, endorsed, sold, or promoted by any Index Administrator and no 
Index Administrator makes any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to 
the results to be obtained from the use of any Commodity Index and/or the levels at which any 
Commodity Index stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise.
No Commodity Index or Index Administrator shall be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to 
any person for any error in any Commodity Index and the applicable Index Administrator is under no 
obligation to advise any person of any error therein. No Index Administrator is making any 
representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or 
assuming any risk in connection with the Instruments.
The Issuer shall have no liability to the Instrumentholders for any act or failure to act by any Index 
Administrator in connection with the calculation, adjustment, or maintenance of any Commodity 
Index. Except as may be disclosed prior to the Issue Date, none of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
or any of their respective affiliates has any affiliation with or control over any Commodity Index or 
Index Administrator or any control over the computation, composition, or dissemination of any 
Commodity Index. Although the Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning a Commodity 
Index from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this 
information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty, or undertaking (express or implied) is made 
and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its Affiliates, or the Calculation Agent as to the 
accuracy, completeness, and timeliness of information concerning the relevant Commodity Index. In 
addition, no representation or warranty of any type, as to condition, satisfactory quality, performance 
or fitness for purpose are given, or duty or liability is assumed, by the Issuer, its affiliates, or the 
Calculation Agent in respect of any Commodity Index or any data included in or omissions from any 
Commodity Index, or the use of any Commodity Index in connection with the Instruments and all 
those representations and warranties are excluded, save to the extent that such exclusion is 
prohibited by law.

--- Page 132 ---
123
MACQUARIE BANK LIMITED
Information about Macquarie Bank Limited
Macquarie Bank Limited (“Macquarie Bank” and the “Bank”) is headquartered in Sydney, Australia and is 
an “authorised deposit-taking institution” (“ADI”) regulated by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority 
(“APRA”) that, directly and through its subsidiaries, offers services in asset finance, lending, banking, and 
risk and capital solutions across debt, equity and commodities. Macquarie Bank offers a range of services to 
government, institutional, corporate, and retail clients.
Macquarie Bank began in 1969 as the merchant bank Hill Samuel Australia Limited, a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Hill Samuel & Co Limited, London. Authority for Macquarie Bank to conduct banking business 
in Australia was received from the Australian Federal Treasurer on 28 February 1985.
Macquarie Bank’s ordinary shares were listed on the Australian Securities Exchange operated by ASX 
Limited (“ASX”) on 29 July 1996 until the corporate restructuring of the Macquarie Group in November 2007. 
As part of the restructure Macquarie Bank became an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of MGL, a new ASX 
listed company comprising a “Macquarie Bank Group” (consisting of Macquarie B.H. Pty Ltd (the direct 
parent of Macquarie Bank) and its controlled entities (including Macquarie Bank)) and a “Non-Banking 
Group” (consisting of Macquarie Financial Holdings Pty Limited and its controlled entities and Macquarie 
Asset Management Holding Pty Ltd and its controlled entities). Macquarie Bank comprises the Macquarie 
Bank Group activities of MGL. Although Macquarie Bank’s ordinary shares are no longer listed on ASX, 
certain debt securities continue to be listed on the ASX and accordingly, Macquarie Bank remains subject to 
the disclosure and other requirements of ASX as they apply to companies with debt securities listed on the 
ASX.
At 30 September 2022 Macquarie Bank employed over 14,600 people and had total assets of A$433.1 billion, 
a Harmonised Basel III Tier 1 capital ratio of 17.9%, a Harmonised Basel III Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 
15.9% and total equity of A$20.7 billion. For the half year ending 30 September 2022, Macquarie Bank’s net 
operating income was A$5.1 billion and profit attributable to ordinary equity holders was A$1.3 billion.
Macquarie Bank’s registered office is Level 6, 50 Martin Place, Sydney, New South Wales 2000, Australia. 
Macquarie Bank’s principal administrative office is 50 Martin Place, Sydney, New South Wales 2000, 
Australia. The telephone number of its principal place of business is +612 8232 3333. Macquarie Bank may 
offer Instruments acting through its London Branch. Macquarie Bank (including its branches) is authorised 
and regulated by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority.
On 8 August 1994 Macquarie Bank Limited opened a London Branch. On 21 October 1994, Macquarie Bank 
Limited was registered under Schedule 21A to the Companies Act 1985 as having established a branch 
(Registration No. BR002678) in England and Wales. Macquarie Bank Limited, London Branch is an 
authorised person for the purposes of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as 
amended) is authorised by the UK Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial 
Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority (FCA Firm No. 170934).
Organisational Structure
The Macquarie Bank Group comprises two following operating groups: Banking and Financial Services; and 
Commodities and Global Markets. Certain assets of the Credit Markets business and certain activities of the 
Commodity Markets and Finance business, and some other less financially significant activities are 
undertaken from within the Non-Banking Group.
The Macquarie Bank Group currently provides services to both the Macquarie Bank Group and the Non-
Banking Group through the Corporate segment. The Corporate segment is not considered an operating group 
and includes the following Central Service Groups: Corporate Operations Group, Financial Management 
Group, Risk Management Group, Legal and Governance Group and Central Executive. Services from these 
Central Service Groups include: risk management, finance, technology, operations, group treasury, human 
resources, workplace, legal and corporate governance, corporate affairs, taxation services, strategy, 
operational risk management, data and transformation, resilience and global security, central executive 
services, and other services as may be agreed from time to time. 
Macquarie Bank will continue to monitor and review the appropriateness of the Macquarie Group structure. 
From time to time, the optimal allocation of its businesses between the Macquarie Bank Group and the Non-

--- Page 133 ---
124
Banking Group and within the Macquarie Bank Group and the Non Banking Group may be adjusted and it 
may make changes in light of relevant factors, including business growth, regulatory considerations, market 
developments and counterparty considerations.
Operating Group Overview
Banking and Financial Services Group
Banking and Financial Services comprises Macquarie Bank Group’s retail banking and financial services 
businesses, providing a diverse range of personal banking, wealth management and business banking 
products and services to retail clients, advisers, brokers and business clients.
Commodities and Global Markets (excluding certain assets of the Credit Markets business and certain 
activities of the Commodity Markets and Finance business; and some other less financially significant 
activities)
Commodities and Global Markets is a global business offering capital and financing, risk management, 
market access, physical execution and logistics solutions to its diverse client base across Commodities, 
Financial Markets and Asset Finance.
Principal Markets
Macquarie Bank is a diversified financial group operating a diversified set of businesses across different 
locations and service offerings: asset finance, lending, banking, and risk and capital solutions across debt, 
equity and commodities.
Macquarie Bank offers a range of services to government, institutional, corporate and retail clients.
Profit Estimate
Macquarie Bank does not make profit forecasts or estimates.
Major Shareholders
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Macquarie B.H. Pty Limited (ABN 86 124 071 432) is the sole ordinary 
shareholder of Macquarie Bank. Macquarie B.H. Pty Limited is wholly-owned by MGL.
Lawsuits and Contingent liabilities
Macquarie Bank is a subsidiary of MGL. The Macquarie Group is a large diversified Australian-based financial 
institution with a long and successful history. Like any financial institution, Macquarie Bank Group has been 
subject to legal claims.
As appropriate, Macquarie Bank Group makes provision for and recognises contingent liabilities in respect 
of actual and potential claims and proceedings that have not been determined. An assessment of likely losses 
is made on a case-by-case basis for the purposes of the consolidated financial statements of Macquarie Bank 
and its controlled entities and specific provisions that the Macquarie Bank Group considers appropriate are 
made, as described in Note 18 to the 2023 interim financial statements of Macquarie Bank and its controlled 
entities.
There are no, nor have there been, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which Macquarie Bank is aware) in the 12 month period prior 
to the date of this Base Prospectus, which may have or have had a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of Macquarie Bank or the Macquarie Bank Group.
Material Contracts
There are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of Macquarie Bank’s business 
which could result in Macquarie Bank or any entity within the Macquarie Bank Group being under an 
obligation or entitlement that is material to Macquarie Bank’s ability to meet its obligations to 
Instrumentholders in respect of the Instruments.

--- Page 134 ---
125
Credit rating
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Macquarie Bank has the following debt ratings for long-term 
unsubordinated unsecured obligations:

S&P Global Ratings, Inc.: 
A+;

Moody’s Investors Service Pty Limited:
A2; and

Fitch Australia Pty Ltd: 
A.
Regulatory oversight and recent developments
Australia
In Australia, the principal regulators that supervise and regulate the Macquarie Group’s activities are APRA, 
the Reserve Bank of Australia (“RBA”), the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (“ASIC”), ASX 
Limited (as the operator of the Australian Securities Exchange (“ASX”) market), the Australian Securities 
Exchange Limited (as the operator of the ASX24 (formerly known as the Sydney Futures Exchange) market), 
the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (“ACCC”) and the Australian Transaction Reports 
and Analysis Centre (“AUSTRAC”).
APRA
APRA is the prudential regulator of the Australian financial services industry. APRA establishes and enforces 
prudential standards and practices designed to ensure that, under all reasonable circumstances, financial 
promises made by institutions under APRA’s supervision are met within a stable, efficient and competitive 
financial system. Macquarie Bank is an ADI, and MGL is a non-operating holding company (“NOHC”), under 
the Banking Act and, as such, each is subject to prudential regulation and supervision by APRA. 
The Banking Act confers wide powers on APRA which are to be exercised ultimately for the protection of 
depositors of ADIs in Australia and for the promotion of financial system stability in Australia. In particular, 
APRA has power under the Banking Act (i) to investigate the Macquarie Bank’s affairs and/or issue a direction 
to it (such a direction to comply with a prudential requirement, to conduct an audit, to remove a director or 
senior manager, to ensure a director or senior manager does not take part in the management or conduct of 
the business, to appoint a person as a director or senior manager, not to undertake any financial obligation 
on behalf of any other person among other things) and (ii) if Macquarie Bank becomes unable to meet its 
obligations or suspends payment (and in certain other limited circumstances), to appoint an “ADI statutory 
manager” to take control of Macquarie Bank’s business. In its supervision of Macquarie Bank and other ADIs, 
APRA focuses on capital adequacy, liquidity, market risk, credit risk, operational risk, associations with related 
entities, large exposures to unrelated entities and funds management, securitisation, covered bonds activities 
and climate change financial risk. APRA also focuses on the supervision of non-financial risks including 
outsourcing, business continuity management, information security, governance, accountability, 
remuneration and risk culture. APRA requires ADIs to regularly provide it with reports which set forth a broad 
range of information, including financial and statistical information relating to their financial position and 
information in respect of prudential and other matters. 
In exercising its powers, APRA works closely with the RBA. The RBA is Australia’s central bank and an active 
participant in the financial markets. It also manages Australia’s foreign reserves, issues Australian currency 
notes, serves as a banker to the Australian Government and, through the Payment Systems Board, 
supervises the payment system and sets the target cash rate.
Other Australia Regulatory Authorities
ASIC is Australia’s corporate, markets and financial services regulator, which regulates Australian 
companies, financial markets, financial services organisations and professionals who deal and advise in 
investments, superannuation, insurance, deposit taking and credit. ASIC is also responsible for consumer 
protection, monitoring and promoting market integrity and licensing in relation to the Australian financial 
system.
ASX is Australia’s primary securities market and MGL’s ordinary shares are listed on ASX. Macquarie Bank 
and MGL each have a contractual obligation to comply with ASX’s listing rules, which have the statutory 
backing of the Corporations Act.

--- Page 135 ---
126
The ACCC is Australia’s competition regulator. Its key responsibilities include ensuring that corporations do 
not act in a way that may have the effect of eliminating or reducing competition and pricing practices, and to 
oversee product safety and liability issues, pricing practices and third-party access to facilities of national 
significance. The ACCC’s consumer protection activities complement those of Australia state and territory 
consumer affairs agencies that administer the unfair trading legislation of those jurisdictions.
AUSTRAC is Australia’s anti-money-laundering and counter-terrorism financing regulator and specialist 
financial intelligence unit. It works collaboratively with Australian industries and businesses (including certain 
entities of the Macquarie Bank Group) in their compliance with anti-money-laundering and counter-terrorism 
financing legislation. As Australia’s financial intelligence unit, AUSTRAC contributes to investigative and law 
enforcement work to combat financial crime and to prosecute criminals in Australia and overseas.
Revenue authorities undertake risk reviews and audits as part of their normal activities. Macquarie Bank has 
assessed those matters which have been identified in such reviews and audits as well as other taxation 
claims and litigation, including seeking advice where appropriate, and considers that Macquarie Bank and 
the Macquarie Bank Group currently hold appropriate provisions.
Outside Australia, some of the Macquarie Bank Group’s key regulators include the United States Securities 
Exchange Commission (“SEC”), the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”), the 
United States Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, the United Kingdom’s FCA and Prudential Regulation 
Authority, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
In addition to the foregoing, certain businesses and assets owned or managed by the Macquarie Bank Group 
in international jurisdictions are subject to additional laws, regulations and oversight that are specific to the 
industries applicable to those businesses and assets.
As with other financial services providers, Macquarie Bank continues to face increased supervision and 
regulation in most of the jurisdictions in which it operates, particularly in the areas of funding, liquidity, capital 
adequacy and prudential regulation.
MBL Pillar 3 Restatement March 2018 to June 2021 
As indicated by APRA’s 1 April 2021 announcement in relation to MGL’s intragroup funding arrangements, 
Macquarie Bank was required to restate certain historical regulatory returns. This included Macquarie Bank’s 
Level 1 capital ratios (Common Equity Tier 1, Tier 1 and Total capital) from 31 March 2018, as well as 
Macquarie Bank’s liquidity ratios from 30 September 2019. 
APRA’s prudential supervision – Capital adequacy
APRA’s approach to the assessment of an ADI’s capital adequacy is based on the risk-based capital 
adequacy framework set out in the Basel Committee on Banking Supervisions’ (“Basel Committee”) 
publications, “International Convergence of Capital Measurement and Capital Standards a Revised 
Framework” (“Basel II”), originally released in 2004 and revised in June 2006, and “A global regulatory 
framework for more resilient banks and banking systems” (“Basel III”), released in December 2010 and 
revised in June 2011. APRA’s implementation of the Basel III capital framework began on 1 January 2013.
APRA has stipulated a capital adequacy framework that applies to MBL as an ADI and MGL as a NOHC. In 
the case of Macquarie Group, this framework is set out in MGL’s NOHC authority.   
On 6 July 2022, APRA launched a consultation relating to its proposal to update bank prudential disclosures 
to align with international standards and the new bank capital framework. 
In December 2022, APRA released its final APS 330 Public Disclosure, which introduces a centralised 
publication of key prudential risk metrics to facilitate the comparison and analysis of the capital positions and 
risk profiles of local banks, effective 1 January 2025, allowing 24 months for ADI’s to implement before the 
effective date of 1 January 2025. 
Market risk
On 14 January 2019, the Basel Committee published a set of revisions to the market risk framework, which 
replaces an earlier version of the standard as published in January 2016. The standard was revised to 
address issues that the Basel Committee identified in the course of monitoring the implementation and impact 
of the framework.

--- Page 136 ---
127
Additionally, as part of Basel III reforms, APRA released a letter to all ADIs on 27 October 2021 around the 
review of ADI market risk standards. The policy development of these prudential standards is yet to be 
finalized with consultations still ongoing. Proposed revisions cover APS 117 Capital Adequacy: Interest Rate 
Risk in the Banking Book (“APS 117”), APS 116 Capital Adequacy: Market Risk – the fundamental review of 
the trading book (“APS 116”) and APS 180 Capital Adequacy: Counterparty Credit Risk (“APS 180”).
For APS 117, APRA’s focus is to reduce volatility and variation in interest rate risk in the banking book capital 
charge calculations across ADIs. Key amendments include the removal of the basis risk capital add-on and 
partial standardization of the internal modelling approach (e.g., utilizing repricing assumption constraints on 
non-maturity deposits).
The expected changes to APS 116 and APS 180 will address the implementation of a revised Credit Valuation 
Adjustment risk framework and a fundamental review of the trading book in the Australian Prudential Capital 
framework.
On 7 July 2022, APRA advised it will undertake another round of industry consultation on the revised APS 
117. This will delay the release of the final standard to 2023. APRA will also allow more implementation time 
for the industry by pushing out the effective date for the revised APS 117. APRA also noted that delaying the
revised APS 117 may also delay the implementation of APS 116 which is currently set for 1 January 2025.
IRRBB
In September 2019, APRA issued a response to submissions in respect of interest rate risk in the banking 
book (“IRRBB”). While only IRB (Internal Ratings Based) ADIs (including Macquarie Bank) are subject to a 
capital requirement for IRRBB and therefore will be impacted by changes to the capital calculation, all ADIs 
will be impacted by changes to the risk management requirements. The key proposals are to:

standardise aspects of the internal modelling approach including placing constraints on the repricing 
assumptions an ADI can use for non-maturity deposits according to whether or not it is a core deposit 
and the calculations for optionality risk;

remove the basis risk capital add-on; and

extend the application of risk management requirements to all ADIs.
Measurement of capital
APRA, in updating its criteria for measuring an ADI’s regulatory capital, released a discussion paper on 15 
October 2019 regarding proposed changes to APS 111, “Revisions to APS 111 Capital Adequacy: 
Measurement of Capital”, and released a detailed response to industry on this consultation in May 2021. On 
5 August 2021, APRA released the final revised standard for APS 111, which came into force on 1 January 
2022.
The revised capital treatment of ADIs’ equity investments in their subsidiaries is the most material change to 
APS 111. This revision  increases the amount of capital required to support equity investments in large 
subsidiaries and reduce the amount required for small subsidiaries. For banking and insurance subsidiaries 
where the total value of the equity investment into an individual subsidiary is above 10% of an ADI’s Level 1 
CET1 capital, the amount above this level is required to be treated as a CET1 deduction. The amount of the 
investment below this level is risk weighted at 250% (compared to the current 400% risk weight for unlisted 
subsidiaries). 
Other changes included in the final APS 111 include:

incorporating into the prudential standard various rulings and technical information APRA has 
published since APS 111 was last substantially updated in 2013;

promoting simple and transparent capital issuance by removing the allowance for the use of special 
purpose vehicles (SPVs) and stapled security structures;

aligning APS 111 with updated guidance from Basel Committee on Banking Supervision; and

requiring a full deduction of total loss absorbing capital (“TLAC”) exposures and pari passu instruments 
from Tier 2 Capital. A full deduction is consistent with APRA’s existing approach to an ADI’s holdings

--- Page 137 ---
128
of another ADI’s, or their own, regulatory capital instruments. APRA’s proposal adopted the Basel 
Committee’s framework of requiring a Tier 2 Capital deduction of TLAC instruments but did not adopt 
a threshold approach.
The final standard also contains further revisions including measures to clarify that CET1 capital instruments 
are not permitted to have any unusual features that could undermine their role as loss absorbing capital.  
“Unquestionably Strong”
Following the Basel Committee’s Basel III announcement on 7 December 2017 (“Basel III: Finalising post-
crisis reforms”), on 14 February 2018, APRA published two discussion papers on proposed changes to the 
ADI capital framework and for Australian ADIs to incorporate both the Committee’s standards and to deliver 
“Unquestionably Strong” capital ratios, fulfilling a recommendation from the 2014 Financial System Inquiry 
(FSI). Draft standards for APS 112, part of APS 113 and APS 115 were published for consultation on 12 June 
2019. On 11 December 2019, APRA released the final standard for the calculation of operational risk, APS 
115 with the current Advanced Measurement Approach to be replaced with the Standardised Measurement 
Approach, excluding the loss component. 
On 29 November 2021, APRA finalised its new bank capital framework, designed to embed “Unquestionably 
Strong” levels of capital and released the final capital adequacy and credit risk capital requirements for ADIs, 
contained in APS 110, APS 112, and APS 113. As Australian ADIs already meet the “Unquestionably Strong” 
benchmark, the new framework does not require ADIs to raise additional capital. Instead, it strengthens 
financial resilience by:

ensuring existing high levels of capital adequacy are maintained;

providing more flexibility and responsiveness to risks in the operating environment;

having a more risk sensitive capital framework, through increasing capital requirements for higher risk 
lending and decreasing it for lower risks; and

improving the comparability of bank capital ratios, both domestically and with global peers.
Based on current information available, the estimated pro forma impact on MGL’s capital surplus above 
regulatory minimums as at 31 December 2022 is a reduction of approximately A$2.4 billion, largely on 
account of the increases to regulatory capital buffers. MGL’s capital surplus has included a provision for these 
regulatory changes for some time.
On 26 July 2022, APRA published “Revisions to the capital framework for authorised deposit-taking 
institutions” to implement “Unquestionably Strong” capital ratios and Basel III reforms. The revised capital 
framework seeks to strengthen the financial resilience of the Australian banking industry through embedding 
higher capital buffers to provide greater flexibility for periods of stress. Other key improvements include 
enhanced risk sensitivity through more risk-sensitive risk weights, stronger support for competition, increased 
proportionality and improved transparency through the alignment of Australian standards with the 
internationally agreed Basel III framework.
Key features of the “Unquestionably Strong” capital framework, which took effect on 1 January 2023, include 
the following prudential standards:

APS 110 Capital Adequacy – increases regulatory capital buffers through increases in the capital 
conservation buffer for ADIs using the internal ratings-based (“IRB”) approach and a higher default 
setting in calculating the countercyclical capital buffer; requires IRB ADIs to maintain a minimum 
leverage ratio of 3.5%; and requires that IRB ADIs calculate and disclose risk weighted assets under 
the standardized approach, with a newly introduced capital floor at 72.5% of standardized risk 
weighted assets.

APS 112 Capital Adequacy: Standardised Approach to Credit Risk – among other changes, APRA 
proposes amending mortgage risk weights to differentiate between owner-occupied, principal-and-
interest mortgages as compared to other mortgages, apply more granular risk weightings for small-
and medium-sized enterprise exposures and recognize that collateral (motor vehicles, commercial 
property and plant, equipment and machinery) may mitigate losses in default.

--- Page 138 ---
129

APS 113 Capital Adequacy: Internal Ratings-based Approach to Credit Risk – amends the treatment 
of residential mortgages, including to more narrowly define the scope of residential mortgages and 
to simplify the method for calculating capital requirements for residential mortgages.

APS 115 Capital Adequacy: Standardised Measurement Approach to Operational Risk – includes 
revisions to replace the Advanced Measurement Approach and reflect the requirements of the 
Standardised Measurement Approach, excluding the loss component.
On 31 October 2022, APRA released consequential amendments to the updated capital adequacy and credit 
risk capital requirements for ADIs. The consequential amendments relate mainly to cross-referencing in the 
ADI prudential framework and ensure consistency of APRA’s broader prudential framework with the capital 
reforms. The changes took effect from 1 January 2023, in line with the effective date of the broader capital 
reforms.
Liquidity
APRA’s liquidity standard (APS 210) details the local implementation of the Basel III liquidity framework for 
Australian banks. In addition to a range of qualitative requirements, APS 210 incorporates the Liquidity 
Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) and the Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”). The LCR and NSFR apply specifically 
to Macquarie Bank (the regulated ADI in the Macquarie Group). As an APRA authorised and regulated 
NOHC, MGL is required to manage liquidity in compliance with APS 210’s qualitative requirements. 
The LCR requires unencumbered liquid assets to be held to cover expected net cash outflows under a 
combined “idiosyncratic” and market-wide stress scenario lasting 30 calendar days. 
Under APS 210, liquid assets include cash, balances held with central banks, Australian dollar 
Commonwealth Government and semi-government securities, any allocation under the RBA’s Committed 
Liquidity Facility (“CLF”), as well as foreign currency High Quality Liquid Assets (“HQLA”) securities. As 
announced on 1 April 2021, APRA imposed a 15% add-on to the net cash outflow component of Macquarie 
Bank’s LCR calculation. This add-on increased to 25% from 1 May 2022 onwards. On September 10, 2021, 
APRA wrote to all ADIs advising that no ADI should rely on the CLF to meet their minimum 100% LCR 
requirements from the beginning of 2022 and that ADIs should reduce their usage of the CLF to zero by the 
end of 2022, subject to financial market conditions. Macquarie Bank is managing the CLF removal in 
accordance with APRA’s requirement. Macquarie Bank currently complies with the requirements of the LCR.
The NSFR is a 12-month structural funding metric, requiring that “available stable funding” be sufficient to 
cover “required stable funding”, where “stable” funding has an actual or assumed maturity of greater than 12 
months. As announced on 1 April 2021, APRA has imposed a 1% decrease to the available stable funding 
component of Macquarie Bank’s NSFR calculation. Macquarie Bank currently complies with the requirements 
of the NSFR. Macquarie Bank currently complies with the requirements of the LCR and NSFR.
On 30 June 2022, APRA released an information paper detailing the findings of the post-implementation 
review of Basel III liquidity reforms focusing on the core measures of the LCR and NSFR. The review explores 
the impact of the measures and determines whether a net benefit has been achieved. APRA’s overall 
assessment is that the reforms have been effective in strengthening liquidity risk management and the 
financial resilience of the banking system. However, there are opportunities to improve the efficiency of the 
prudential framework. The feedback gained will be used in a broader review of APRA’s liquidity requirements,
which will culminate in a draft revision to APS 210 in 2023. 
Credit risk management
On 1 January 2022, APRA Prudential Standard APS 220 Credit Risk Management (“APS 220”) replaced the 
existing APS 220 Credit Quality. The substantial revisions to the prudential standard reflect APRA’s increased 
expectations of credit standards and the ongoing monitoring and management of credit portfolios by ADIs. In 
addition, the revised standard incorporates:   

enhanced Board oversight of credit risk and the need for ADIs to maintain prudential credit risk policies, 
processes, practices and controls over the full credit life-cycle;

--- Page 139 ---
130

a more consistent classification of credit exposures, by aligning with accounting standards on loan 
provisioning requirements, as well as Basel Committee guidance on asset classification and sound 
credit risk practices; and

recommendations from the Royal Commission into Misconduct in the Banking, Superannuation and 
Financial Services Industry regarding the valuation of collateral.
APRA also released a finalised APG 220 guidance standard on 19 August 2021.   
APRA has sought feedback on a proposed new attachment to APS 220, Attachment C – Macroprudential 
policy: credit measures, which embeds credit-based macroprudential standards within APS 220. 
On 14 June 2022, APRA released the finalised amendments to its prudential framework to give effect to 
macroprudential policy measures. The final new APS 220, Attachment C – Macroprudential Policy, requires 
ADIs to:

be able to limit growth in particular forms of lending (high debt-to-income multiples and high loan to 
value ratio);

moderate higher risk lending during periods of heightened systemic risk or meet particular lending 
standards at levels determined by APRA; and 

ensure adequate reporting to monitor against limits.
To ensure alignment with Attachment C to APS 220, APRA updated APG 223 Residential Mortgage 
Lending to align with the new serviceability buffer and associated ARS 223 Residential Mortgage Lending. 
The new APS 220, APG 223 and ARS 223 all took effect from 1 September 2022. 
Recovery and Exit Planning and Resolution Planning
As part of strengthening crisis preparedness and resolution capabilities, APRA commenced consultation on 
two draft prudential standards, CPS 190 Financial Contingency Planning (“CPS 190”) and CPS 900 
Resolution Planning (“CPS 900”) on 2 December 2021. In December 2022 APRA released the final version 
of CPS 190, which will come into effect on 1 January 2024, and is expected to publish the final version of 
CPS 900 in the first half of 2023, which is also expected to come into effect on 1 January 2024.
On 6 September 2022, APRA released for consultation two draft prudential practice guides (CPG 190 
Financial Contingency Planning and CPG 900 Resolution Planning) to accompany the two draft prudential 
standards. After a three-month consultation period, the prudential practice guides are expected to be finalised 
in the first half of 2023.
APRA is in discussions with Macquarie on resolution planning. 
APRA’s proposal for increasing the loss-absorbing capacity of ADIs for resolution purposes
On 8 November 2018, APRA released a discussion paper announcing proposed changes to the application 
of the capital adequacy framework for ADIs to support orderly resolution in the event of failure. The 
announcement follows the Australian Government’s 2014 Financial System Inquiry which recommended that 
APRA implement a framework for minimum loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity in line with emerging 
international practice.
The key elements of the proposed approach from this original discussion paper included: 

a new requirement for ADIs to maintain additional loss absorbency for resolution purposes. The 
requirement would be implemented by adjusting the amount of total capital that ADIs must maintain 
(estimated to be an additional 4 to 5% of capital), therefore using existing capital instruments rather 
than introducing new forms of loss-absorbing instruments (expected to be in the form of Tier 2 Capital); 
and

for ADIs that are not domestic systemically important banks (“D-SIBs”) (such as Macquarie Bank), the 
need for additional loss absorbency would be considered as part of resolution planning on an 
institution-by-institution basis.

--- Page 140 ---
131
During the consultation period of the proposed changes, concerns were raised about whether there would be 
sufficient capacity in debt markets to absorb the anticipated additional Tier 2 capital issuance. As a result, 
APRA announced on 9 July 2019 there would be an interim requirement for D-SIBs to lift Total Capital by a 
revised threshold of 3% of risk weighted assets by 1 January 2024. On 2 December 2021, APRA released a 
letter finalising loss-absorbing capacity (“LAC”) requirements for D-SIBs to increase Total Capital by 4.5% of 
risk weighted assets, which applies from 1 January 2026. APRA has confirmed that MBL will be subject to 
the same requirement.
Associations with Related Entities
In August 2019, APRA finalised revisions to Prudential Standard APS 222 – Associations with Related 
Entities aimed at mitigating contagion risk within banking groups. The standard incorporates:

a broader definition of related entities that includes substantial shareholders, related individuals 
(including senior managers of the ADI and individuals on the board of directors) and their relatives;

removes the eligibility of an ADI’s overseas subsidiaries to be regulated under APRA’s extended 
licensed entity (“ELE”) framework;

revised limits on the extent to which ADIs can be exposed to related entities;

minimum requirements for ADIs to assess contagion risk; and

requirements for ADIs to regularly assess and report on their exposure to step-in risk, which is the 
likelihood that they may need to “step-in” to support an entity to which they are not directly related.   
APRA had initially intended for the finalised framework to apply from 1 January 2021. However, on 16 April 
2020, APRA revised the commencement date for the updated APS 222 and associated reporting forms to 1 
January 2022.
In November 2021, APRA confirmed it would grant Macquarie Bank a 12-month transition to 1 January 2023, 
in respect of a number of new APS 222 requirements. The Macquarie Bank Group undertook restructuring 
of certain existing business activities and legal entities as a result of the new requirements, with no material 
impact on results. Macquarie Bank has been compliant with relevant new APS 222 requirements applicable 
to it since 1 January 2022. 
Remuneration
On 27 August 2021, APRA released a finalised cross-industry Prudential Standard CPS 511 Remuneration 
(“CPS 511”) which came into effect for the Macquarie Bank Group on 1 January 2023. The new standard 
requires boards to maintain a remuneration framework that promotes effective risk management of both 
financial and non-financial risks including variable downward-adjustment tools and deferral periods to 
address poor risk and conduct outcomes.   
On 18 October 2021, APRA released the finalised cross-industry Prudential Guidance CPG 511 
Remuneration (“CPG 511”) to support CPS 511 and assist entities in meeting the new requirements under 
CPS 511 which is aligned with the Australian government’s proposed Financial Accountability Regime. On 
13 December 2021, the Macquarie Bank Group submitted a self-assessment of its current remuneration 
framework against the new requirements and submitted a final board-approved Implementation Plan to 
APRA. 
On 6 July 2022, APRA released for consultation the following proposals to support CPS 511, which would 
require institutions to disclose:

their remuneration arrangements, and how risk is factored into the remuneration outcomes for key 
executives; and

how they have placed material weight on non-financial metrics and remuneration outcomes for the 
chief executive officer and other key executives.
APRA is also proposing to publish centralised statistics to provide greater comparability of remuneration 
outcomes and to have the new standard finalised by the end of the year, allowing 12 months for ADI’s to 
implement before the effective date of 1 January 2024. The consultation period closed on 7 October 2022.

--- Page 141 ---
132
Work is underway to implement changes required to the Macquarie Bank Group’s remuneration framework 
and the Macquarie Bank Group maintains regular dialogue with APRA on this topic. The Board undertook a 
review of the various components of remuneration to address certain aspects of CPS 511 (including the 
deferral arrangements for senior executives), as well as the evolving expectations of the Macquarie Bank 
Group’s stakeholders. As part of this review, the Board considered diverse perspectives, including those of 
shareholders and regulators, as well as global peer group benchmarking and increased global competition 
for talent in many of the Macquarie Bank Group’s areas of activity. These changes will be implemented in a 
phased approach from the 2022 fiscal year.
Operational Risk
On 28 July 2022, APRA commenced consultation on a draft cross-industry prudential standard CPS 230 –
Operational Risk Management (“CPS 230”). CPS 230 intends to set out minimum requirements for managing 
operational risk and uplifts requirements in two existing prudential standards (CPS 231 – Outsourcing and 
CPS 232 – Business Continuity Management).
Key new or uplifted requirements include: 

maintaining and testing internal controls to ensure they are effective in managing key operational risks

improving business continuity planning to ensure that regulated entities are ready to respond to severe
business disruptions, maintain critical operations and set clear tolerances for the maximum level of 
disruption to critical operations

enhancing third party risk management by extending requirements to cover all material service 
providers that the regulated entities rely on for critical operations or that expose them to material 
operational risk (rather than just material activities that have been outsourced)
Consultation responses were due to APRA on 21 October 2022, with the standard to be finalised in early 
2023 and effective from 1 January 2024.
Strengthening residential mortgage lending assessments   
In response to APRA’s concerns with heightened household indebtedness as a result of growing financial 
stability risks from ADIs’ residential mortgage lending, on 6 October 2021, APRA released a letter to ADIs on 
loan serviceability expectations to counter rising risks in home lending. APRA’s letter set forth the following 
expectations in relation to serviceability assessments:

all ADIs are expected to adopt a more prudent setting for the mortgage serviceability buffer that is used 
to test borrowers’ capacity to repay. All ADIs are expected to operate with a buffer of at least 3.0 
percentage points over the loan interest rate;

all ADIs are expected to keep the level of the buffer under review to assess whether it remains 
appropriate in relation to the broader risk environment; and

all ADIs are requested to review their risk appetites for lending at high debt-to-income ratios.
On 1 November 2021, Macquarie Bank increased its interest rate buffer for home loan serviceability 
assessments from 2.5% per annum to 3.0% per annum over the loan interest rate in accordance with APRA’s 
expectations. APRA also published an information paper on 11 November 2021, setting out its framework for 
the use of macroprudential policy measures to promote the stability of the Australian financial system.
Climate change financial risk
On 4 November 2021, APRA and the RBA published a joint statement on the actions taken to ensure financial 
institutions and the Australian financial system were prepared to respond to climate-related financial risks. 
APRA considers that climate change would be a driver of change in the value of certain assets and income 
streams, and would therefore pose a risk to financial institutions and financial stability. APRA and the RBA 
have worked closely with the other members of the Council of Financial Services (CFR) in developing 
approaches to understanding and managing the financial risks of climate change.

--- Page 142 ---
133
Following consultation in April 2021, APRA finalised its Prudential Practice Guide CPG 229 on Climate 
Change Financial Risks on 26 November 2021. The guide imposes no new regulatory requirements, but 
rather assists entities to manage climate-related risks within their existing risk management and governance 
practices. It covers APRA’s view of sound practice in governance, risk management, scenario analysis and 
disclosure of climate-related financial risks. MGL has included climate change risk within its Risk Appetite 
Statement and Risk Management Strategy.
In March and April 2022, APRA conducted a voluntary climate risk self-assessment survey of medium-to-
large entities across the banking, insurance and superannuation entities. The survey was intended to improve 
APRA’s understanding of the approaches being taken by APRA-regulated entities to identify, assess and 
manage climate-related financial risks, using CPG 229 as a benchmark. On August 4, 2022, APRA published 
the findings of the survey. The responses from 64 medium to large institutions suggest climate risk remains 
an emerging discipline compared to other traditional risk areas, with only a small portion of respondents 
indicating that they have fully embedded climate risk across their risk management framework.
On 3 September 2021, APRA published an information paper on the Climate Vulnerability Assessment (CVA), 
which outlined the CVA purpose, design and scope. The CVA was designed in consultation with the 
Australian Banking Association (ABA) as well as the members of the CFR, to assess the nature and extent 
of the financial risks that large banks in Australia may face due to climate change. At the time APRA’s 
information paper was released, the CVA was already in progress, since June 2021, with Australia’s five 
major banks, including Macquarie Bank.
The three key objectives of the CVA were to:

assess potential financial exposure to climate risk; 

understand how banks may adjust business models and implement management actions in response
to different scenarios; and 

foster improvement in climate risk management capabilities. 
Following the completion and submission of the CVA in May 2022, APRA released an information paper on 
30 November 2022 with the aggregated CVA results from the five major banks.
Review of the prudential framework for groups
On 24 October 2022, APRA advised it will undertake a review of the prudential framework for groups including 
those that have a NOHC in their structure, such as Macquarie Group. The review will commence with a 
Discussion Paper in the first half of 2023 to seek industry feedback on five key topics related to groups: 
financial resilience, governance, risk management, resolution and competition issues. APRA expects to 
consult on any revisions to the relevant standards over 2023-2024, with any changes effective from 2025.
Other developments
In addition, there have also been a series of industry-led developments, legislative changes and other 
regulatory releases from regulators in the various jurisdictions in which the Macquarie Bank Group operates 
resulting in significant regulatory change for financial institutions, the legal and practical implications of which 
may not yet be fully understood.   
These include:

greater regulation of derivatives, particularly over the counter (“OTC”) derivatives, including the 
European Market Infrastructure Regulation and the Dodd-Frank reforms, which have resulted in 
increased reporting and stricter capital and margin requirements, the centralised execution and 
clearing of standardised OTC derivatives and heightened supervision and required registration of swap 
dealers and major swap participants;   

various ASIC developments including:
o
new powers given to ASIC to intervene in the design and distribution of financial products -  on 
11 December 2020, ASIC released its new Regulatory Guide 274 Product design and

--- Page 143 ---
134
distribution obligations (“RG 274”), placing a greater emphasis on the effectiveness of product 
governance arrangements and providing greater clarity on how requirements could be met. The 
Macquarie Bank Group implemented the new design and distribution obligations (“DDO”) for the 
commencement date of 5 October 2021 in line with RG 274. On 14 September 2021, the 
Australian government announced its intention to make a number of legislative amendments to 
achieve its intended operation of these reforms. ASIC Corporations (Design and Distribution 
Obligations Interim measures) Instrument 2021/784 implemented these changes and they came 
into effect on 5 October 2021 and will last until 5 October 2023. The instrument removes the 
requirement for all distributors to report to issuers whether they have received a complaint, 
including where they have received no complaints, amongst other amendments. The Macquarie 
Bank Group will monitor these changes as they are formally announced by the Australian 
government and any interim relief is provided by ASIC;   
o
updates to its Regulatory Guide 209 Credit licensing: Responsible lending conduct -  on 25 
September 2020, the Australian government announced its intention to reform responsible 
lending obligations in order to reduce barriers to credit. Key elements of the reforms include 
removing the responsible lending obligations for most credit contracts, applying parts of APRA’s 
ADI lending standards to non-ADIs and allowing lenders to rely on the information provided by 
consumers in relation to credit applications. The Australian government proposed that the 
reforms commence from 1 March 2021, subject to the passing of legislation. However, while the 
Australian government introduced legislation into Federal Parliament on 9 December 2020, it 
was referred to the Economics Legislation Committee for inquiry and report by 12 March 2021. 
The Economics Legislation Committee recommended that the bill be passed, and it is currently 
in the Federal Senate. ASIC’s RG 209 will be reviewed and updated when the proposed reforms 
are finalised. Macquarie Group is monitoring developments and will make appropriate changes 
to processes and policies following the passage of legislation;   
o
ASIC guidance on fees and costs disclosure - in November 2019, ASIC released its updated 
Regulatory Guide 97 Disclosing fees and costs in PDSs and periodic statements (“RG 97”) and 
legislative instrument relating to fees and costs disclosure in product disclosure statements 
(“PDSs”) and periodic statements. The Macquarie Bank Group is updating relevant disclosure 
documents to comply with the requirements. The new rules apply to periodic and exit statements 
for reporting periods commencing on or after 1 July 2021. PDSs given from 30 September 2022 
must comply with the new requirements;   
o
ASIC market integrity rules - on 10 March 2022, ASIC announced that it has introduced new 
market integrity rules aimed at promoting the technological and operational resilience of 
securities and futures market operators and participants. The new technological and operational 
resilience rules apply from 10 March 2023, clarifying and strengthening existing obligations for 
market operators and participants and providing greater domestic and international alignment in 
relation to issues of management, outsourcing, information security, business continuity 
planning, governance and resourcing and trading controls;
o
dispute resolution requirements - updated dispute resolution requirements to reduce the 
timeframes for responding to retail and small business complaints, improve the way complaints 
are dealt with across the financial system and bring about greater transparency in financial firms’ 
complaint handling procedures; and    
o
updates to breach reporting requirements - on 7 September 2021, ASIC released its new 
Regulatory Guide 78 Breach reporting by AFS licensees and credit licensees (“RG78”) and a 
new Information Sheet on the new notify, investigate, and remediate obligations applicable to 
AFS licensees who are financial advisers and credit licensees who are mortgage brokers. RG 
78 sets out ASIC’s interpretation of key concepts of the breach reporting obligation, its general 
approach to administering the obligation, and how licensees can demonstrate compliance with 
the breach reporting obligation.  These breach reporting reforms for AFS licensees and credit 
licensees commenced on 1 October 2021. However, unlike AFS licensees, credit licensees do 
not have to report breaches that occurred before 1 October 2021, even when identified after the 
commencement date. Macquarie Group amended policies, processes and systems to comply 
with the new regime from 1 October 2021;

in February 2018 the Treasury Laws Amendment (Banking Executive Accountability and Related 
Measures) Act 2018 was passed by the Australian Parliament introducing a new banking executive

--- Page 144 ---
135
accountability regime known as “BEAR”. The Financial Accountability Regime (“FAR”) will replace 
BEAR and extend the responsibility and accountability framework established under BEAR to all APRA
prudentially regulated entities. In addition to Macquarie Bank, this will extend to Macquarie Group 
Limited
and
Macquarie Investment Management Limited (“MIML”). The revised Financial 
Accountability Regime Bill was introduced into the Australian Parliament in 2021 and was subsequently 
referred to the Senate Economics Legislation Committee for inquiry and report, however lapsed on 
dissolution of the Federal Parliament in April 2022. On 8 September 2022, FAR was re-introduced into 
Federal Parliament. The FAR Bill 2022, which is yet to be passed by the Federal Parliament, provides 
for the introduction of FAR on similar terms to the initial Bill introduced in 2021. It is expected that FAR 
will commence for MBL and MGL (and their significant related entities) six months after the
commencement of the legislation, and for other APRA prudentially regulated entities in the Macquarie 
Group (which include MIML) (and their significant related entities) a further 12 months later. 

on 9 February 2018, the Australian government released a review into open banking entitled Open 
Banking: customers, choice, convenience, confidence, which provides guidance on the design and 
implementation of Australia’s open banking regime. On 1 August 2019, legislation to establish the 
Consumer Data Right (“CDR”) was passed by the Australian parliament. The CDR framework gives 
consumers control over their consumer data, enabling them to (among other things) direct the 
dataholder to provide their data, in a CDR compliant format, to accredited data recipients including 
other banks, fintechs or companies providing comparison services. The CDR Rules, which set out 
details of how the consumer data right works, came into effect on 6 February 2020. The Open Banking 
regime forms the first component of the Australian government’s CDR. All Australian deposit taking 
institutions must comply with Open Banking. Following an updated timeline announced by the ACCC, 
the commencement date for major banks was (i) 1 July 2020 to provide CDR data on credit and debit 
card, deposit and transaction accounts; (ii) 1 November 2020 for mortgage and personal loan data; 
and (iii) 1 February 2021 to provide CDR data on various products including business finance, asset 
finance and trust account products. The commencement date for non major banks (including 
Macquarie Bank) to share product reference data (such as fees and charges, terms and conditions 
and eligibility criteria) for phase one products (such as TSA, credit cards, CMA and business deposit 
accounts) was 1 October 2020 (previously 1 July 2020) following a three month exemption provided 
by the ACCC due to the COVID-19 pandemic. There are several key compliance milestones for non-
major banks, but it is expected that by 1 February 2022, implementation of the Open Banking regime 
will be completed and full data transfer for consumers will become available (excluding joint account 
holders and accounts held by corporate entities which is scheduled for later in 2022). On 6 May 2021, 
the ACCC granted an exemption to Macquarie Bank deferring the commencement dates of its 
consumer data sharing obligations (all phases) and its direct-to-consumer obligations, for specific 
business banking account products, until 1 November 2022. The exemption also provides Macquarie 
Bank with permanent exemption for specific grandfathered product portfolios. 
United States Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform
The commodities and securities laws in the United States create a comprehensive regulatory regime for 
swaps and other derivatives, subject to the jurisdiction and regulations of the multiple U.S. regulatory 
agencies, including the Federal Reserve System (“FRB”), the CFTC and the SEC. The regulatory landscape 
for derivatives continues to change as new rules are adopted, implemented and enforced by the CFTC and 
SEC. These regulations, which vary by jurisdiction, may have a significant impact on the derivatives markets, 
and entities that participate in those markets.   
Macquarie Bank is provisionally registered as a swap dealer with the CFTC. Macquarie Futures USA LLC 
(“MFUSA”) is registered as a futures commission merchant with the CFTC. As CFTC registrants, Macquarie 
Bank and MFUSA are subject to comprehensive regulatory oversight by the CFTC. In addition, Macquarie 
Bank is registered as a security-based swap dealer with the SEC. The CFTC and SEC continue to propose 
significant new or revised regulatory requirements which, if adopted, may have effects across the transaction 
lifecycle and apply to Macquarie Bank and its subsidiaries.
As part of its swap dealer obligations and security-based swap dealer, Macquarie Bank is subject to the 
FRB’s capital regulations, as well as the FRB’s initial and variation margin requirements for uncleared swaps 
and security-based swaps. Macquarie Bank is also subject to additional margin requirements imposed by 
APRA and regulators in the European Union and the United Kingdom.
Macquarie Bank’s business has been or will continue to be affected by a variety of regulations under the U.S. 
Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and CFTC regulations, including, but not limited to, mandatory trade

--- Page 145 ---
136
execution  and clearing requirements for certain classes of derivatives, reporting obligations (including 
amended swap reporting requirements that take effect in May 2022), recordkeeping business conduct 
requirements, prohibitions on market manipulation and disruptive trading, prohibitions on the use of certain 
non-public information, treatment of separate accounts by futures commission merchants, registration and 
heightened supervision of Macquarie Bank as swap dealer, and more stringent and extensive position limits 
and aggregation requirements on derivatives on certain physical commodities.   
Pursuant to the CFTC’s Comparability Determinations for Australia, Macquarie Bank’s compliance with 
provisions and requirements under the applicable Australian regulatory regimes is sufficient to meet some 
CFTC swap dealer requirements to which Macquarie Bank would otherwise be subject. Together, these 
requirements will impact Macquarie Bank and MFUSA as a direct market participant that transacts in 
derivatives, in the case of Macquarie Bank, and as an intermediary that provides access to the derivatives 
markets for others, in the case of MFUSA. The SEC has jurisdiction over transactions in security-based 
swaps, which generally include swaps on a single security or a narrow-based index of securities or on a 
single loan and credit default swaps on a single issuer or issuers of securities in a narrow-based security 
index. The SEC has proposed or adopted regulations requiring, among other things, registration of security-
based swap dealers and compliance with regulations on business conduct, trade reporting, recordkeeping, 
financial reporting and other matters. Security-based swaps, because they are securities, are subject to the 
general anti-fraud and anti-manipulation provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws. Macquarie Bank is 
registered as a security-based swap dealer with the SEC and is required to comply with the SEC’s regulations 
governing security-based swap dealers and security-based swaps. These registration and compliance 
obligations will likely result in increased costs with respect to Macquarie Bank’s security-based swaps 
business. 
Further changes may occur driven by policy, prudential or political factors.
The Macquarie Bank Group reviews these changes and releases, engages with government, regulators and 
industry bodies and amends its systems, processes and operations to align with changes and new regulatory
requirements as they occur. Further information on the risk management and other policies of the Macquarie 
Bank Group is contained in the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference” on pages 35 to 37 of this Base Prospectus).
Directors of Macquarie Bank
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the persons named below are the current Voting Directors of 
Macquarie Bank under Macquarie Bank’s constitution and exercise the powers of directors for the purposes 
of the Corporations Act. All members of the Board of Voting Directors of Macquarie Bank have the business 
address of Level 6, 50 Martin Place, Sydney, NSW, 2000, Australia. The principal outside activities, where 
significant, of the Voting Directors of Macquarie Bank are set out below:
Name of Director
Position
Principal Outside Activities
Glenn R Stevens AC
Chairman
Board member, NSW Treasury Corporation.
Director, the Anika Foundation and the Lowy 
Institute.
Deputy Chair, Temora Aviation Museum.
Stuart D Green
Managing Director and 
Chief Executive Officer
Director, Australian Financial Markets 
Association
Member, Australian Banking Association 
Council and Macquarie Group Foundation 
Committee.
Shemara R 
Wikramanayake
Executive Voting Director 
Commissioner, Global Commission on 
Adaptation.
Member, Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net 
Zero, Climate Finance Leadership Initiative 
(“CFLI”), Global Investors for Sustainable 
Development Alliance and the Australian

--- Page 146 ---
137
Name of Director
Position
Principal Outside Activities
Universities Accord Panel of Eminent 
Australians.
Co-Chair, CFLI India.
Jillian R Broadbent AC
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
Director, National Portrait Gallery Board 
Foundation, Sydney Dance Company, 
Seaborn Broughton & Walford Foundation 
and the Lowy Institute.
Philip M Coffey
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
Director, Lendlease Corporation Limited, and 
Goodstart Early Learning Ltd.
Michael J Coleman
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
Deputy Chair, and Chair of Audit and Risk 
Committee, 
Planet 
Ark 
Environmental 
Foundation.
Board Member, Legal Aid NSW.
Adjunct Professor, Australian School of 
Business, The University of New South 
Wales. 
Governor, Centenary Institute of Cancer 
Medicine and Cell Biology.
Member, 
Nominations 
and 
Governance 
Committee, Chartered Accountants Australia 
and New Zealand.
Member, 
Reporting 
Committee 
of 
the 
Australian Institute of Company Directors.
Michelle A Hinchliffe
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
Director, BHP Group Limited. 
Rebecca J McGrath
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
Chairman, OZ Minerals Limited, Investa Office 
Management Holdings Pty Limited, Investa
Wholesale Funds Management Limited and 
Scania Australia Pty Limited.
President, Victoria Council of the AICD.
Member, National Board of the AICD, ASIC 
Corporate Governance Consultative Panel, 
The Australian British Chamber of Commerce 
Advisory Council and the Melbourne Business 
School Board.
Ambassador, Menzies School of Health 
Research, and the National Association of 
Women in Operations.

--- Page 147 ---
138
Name of Director
Position
Principal Outside Activities
Mike Roche
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
Director, Wesfarmers Limited, MaxCap Group 
Pty Ltd and Te Pahau Management Ltd.
Managing Director, M R Advisory Pty Ltd.
Co-founder and Director, Sally Foundation.
Ian M Saines
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
Director, Air Lease Corporation and NSW 
Treasury Corporation.
Deputy Chair, United States Studies Centre 
and American Australian Association Limited.
Member, Salvation Army Australia’s Sydney 
Corporate and Philanthropic Council and the 
Advisory Committee of Catholic Schools of 
Broken Bay.
Nicola M Wakefield 
Evans AM
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
Director, 
Viva 
Energy 
Group 
Limited, 
Lendlease 
Corporation 
Limited, 
MetLife 
Insurance Limited, MetLife General Insurance 
Limited, 
and 
Clean 
Energy 
Finance 
Corporation (“CEFC”).
Chair, 30% Club Australia and the Board Audit 
and Risk Committee of CEFC.
Member, Takeovers Panel, GO Foundation 
Board, and The University of New South 
Wales Foundation Limited Board.
Board Committees
Macquarie Bank has established the following Board Committees:

Board Risk Committee (“BRiC”);

Board Audit Committee (“BAC”);

Board Remuneration Committee (“BRC”); 

Board Governance and Compliance Committee (“BGCC”); and

Board Conflicts Committee (“BCC”).
The BRiC assists the Board by providing oversight of the Macquarie Bank Group’s risk management 
framework and advising the Board on the Macquarie Bank Group’s risk appetite, risk culture and risk 
management strategy. 
The BAC assists the Board with its oversight of the quality and integrity of the accounting, auditing and 
financial reporting of the Macquarie Bank Group. The BAC also reviews the adequacy of the Macquarie Bank 
Group’s control framework for financial regulatory reporting to prudential regulators and monitors the internal 
financial control environment. 
The BRC makes recommendations to the Board that promote appropriate remuneration policies and 
practices for the Macquarie Bank Group that drive remuneration outcomes which align with Macquarie Bank’s 
financial and non-financial risk outcomes, promote the Macquarie Bank Group’s Code of Conduct and

--- Page 148 ---
139
accountability of staff for the business and customer outcomes they deliver by encouraging a long-term 
perspective. 
The BGCC assists the Board by monitoring corporate governance, regulatory, legal, compliance and financial 
crime risk matters for the Macquarie Bank Group, including reviewing and monitoring compliance with the 
Macquarie Bank Group’s Conduct Risk Management Framework and its implementation. 
The BCC assists the Board by considering and making recommendations regarding matters or decisions 
where the interests of the Macquarie Bank Group potentially or actually conflict with those of Macquarie 
Group (other than a member of the Macquarie Bank Group) and those matters or decisions are material to 
the Macquarie Bank Group.
Director Independence
The Macquarie Bank Board Charter requires that the Chair of MBL and a majority of the Board must be 
independent Directors. The Board believes that independence is evidenced by an ability to constructively 
challenge and independently contribute to the work of the Board. It is also a policy of the Board of MBL that 
a majority of the members of each MBL Board Committee should be independent Directors, that the BAC will 
comprise only of independent Directors and that each MBL Board Committee be chaired by an independent 
Director.
A Voting Director (“Director”) will be considered independent if they are free of any interests, positions or 
relationships that could materially interfere with the Director’s capacity to bring independent judgement on 
matters before the Board and act in the best interests of Macquarie Bank. 
The independence of each Non-Executive Director (“NED”) is considered prior to appointment and then 
considered annually by the BGCC and confirmed by the Board of MBL. As part of the review process, each 
NED is provided with a copy of the Macquarie Bank Policy on Director Independence and asked to declare 
whether they have any interests, positions or relationships that could materially interfere with the Director’s 
capacity to act in the best interests of Macquarie Bank (“Declaration”). Each NED is also asked to provide 
information regarding relationships with MGL, including relationships of close personal ties with Macquarie 
Bank, for review by the BGCC. 
In considering the independence of Directors, the BGCC and the Board will have regard to whether or not 
the Director:
1.
is, or has been employed in an executive capacity by MGL or another member of the Macquarie 
Group and there has not been a period of at least three years between ceasing such employment 
and serving on the Board;
2.
receives performance-based remuneration (including options or performance rights) from, or 
participates in an employee incentive scheme of MGL or Macquarie Bank;
3.
is, or has been within the last three years, in a material business or contractual relationship (e.g. as 
a supplier, professional adviser, consultant or customer), other than as a Director, with MGL or 
another member of the Macquarie Group, or is an officer of, or otherwise associated with, someone 
with such a relationship;
4.
is, represents, or is or has been within the last three years an officer or employee of, or professional 
adviser to, a substantial shareholder of MGL;
5.
is, or has within the last three years, been affiliated with or employed by a present or former external 
auditor of MGL, Macquarie Bank or another member of the Macquarie Group;
6.
has close personal ties with any person who falls within any of the categories described above; or
7.
has been a Director of Macquarie Bank for such a period that their independence from management 
and substantial holders may have been compromised. 
In each case, the materiality of the interest, position or relationship needs to be assessed by the MBL Board 
to determine whether it might interfere, or might reasonably be seen to interfere, with the Director’s capacity 
to bring an independent judgement to bear on issues before the Board and to act in the best interests of

--- Page 149 ---
140
Macquarie Bank as a whole rather than in the interests of an individual security holder or other party.
Materiality thresholds are determined by the MBL Board.
Macquarie Bank’s nine non-executive Directors, being Jillian R Broadbent, Philip M Coffey, Michael J 
Coleman, Michelle A Hinchliffe, Mike Roche, Rebecca J McGrath, Ian M Saines, Glenn R Stevens and Nicola 
M Wakefield Evans, are each considered to be independent. 
Dealing with potential conflicts of interest
Macquarie Bank recognises that conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest may arise from time to 
time for its Directors from disclosed business relationships or interests. These are managed in accordance 
with the MBL Board’s protocols for declaring and dealing with potential conflicts of interest. 
The Board has protocols for its members for declaring and dealing with potential conflicts of interest that 
include:

Board members declaring their interests required under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), the ASX 
Listing Rules and general law requirements; 

Board members with a material personal interest in a matter before the Board not receiving the relevant 
Board paper and not being present at the Board meeting during the consideration of the matter and 
subsequent vote, unless the Board (excluding the relevant Board member) resolves otherwise; and

as a general rule, Board members with other conflicts not involving a material personal interest in a 
matter before the Board should not receive the relevant Board paper and not be present at the Board 
meeting during discussion of the matter.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, and having regard to the above criteria, requirements and procedures 
utilised by Macquarie Bank to detect and manage conflicts of interest and to restrict participation where a 
conflict arises, there are:

no actual conflicts of interest; and 

no potential conflicts of interest, other than in respect of any dealings between Macquarie Bank and 
any of the companies listed above under “Principal Outside Activities” which may arise in the future 
and will be managed in accordance with the above requirements and procedures,
between duties owed to Macquarie Bank and dischargeable by members of its Board of Voting Directors 
listed above and their private interests and/or other duties.
As noted above, all Directors are required to disclose any conflict or potential conflict of interest on an on-
going basis. In respect of conflicts or potential conflicts of interest that may arise in the future, Macquarie 
Bank will manage those conflicts in accordance with the Corporations Act, any other applicable law and the 
other requirements and procedures referred to above.
Preparation of financial statements
Macquarie Bank is required to prepare annual financial statements for itself and itself consolidated with its 
controlled entities in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards. Compliance with Australian 
Accounting Standards ensures compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed by 
the European Union.
The independent auditor of Macquarie Bank is PricewaterhouseCoopers, an Australian partnership (“PwC 
Australia”).
PwC Australia has audited the financial statements included in Macquarie Bank’s annual report for the 
financial years ended 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021 in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. 
The Independent Auditor’s Report dated 6 May 2022 was unqualified.
With respect to the unaudited financial information of Macquarie Bank as at, and for each of the half years 
ended 30 September 2021 and 30 September 2022, incorporated by reference herein, PwC Australia”) have 
reported that they have applied limited procedures in accordance with professional standards for a review of 
such information. Their separate report dated 28 October 2022, incorporated by reference herein, states that

--- Page 150 ---
141
they did not audit and they do not express an audit opinion on such unaudited financial information. 
Accordingly, the degree of reliance on their report on such information should be restricted in light of the 
limited nature of the review procedures applied.
Limitation on Auditor’s Liability
As members of Chartered Accountants Australia & New Zealand (“CA ANZ”), PwC Australia are participants 
in a CA ANZ scheme which limits the liability of its members. This scheme has been approved under the 
Professional Standards Act of 1994 of New South Wales, Australia.  
Schemes submitted by the CA ANZ have been scrutinised and approved by the Professional Standards 
Council and subsequently by the NSW Attorney General. The scheme has also been approved by the 
Commonwealth, giving effect to the limitation on liability in relation to any claim for misleading or deceptive 
conduct under the Australian Consumer Law, the Corporations Act 2001 or the ASIC Act 2001. 
The current CA ANZ scheme, which came into effect on 8 October 2019, limits the maximum liability for 
damages arising out of a cause of action for occupational liability (the “Limitation Amount”) which may be 
awarded against a person to whom the scheme applies with regard to fees payable for audit services to which 
the cause of action relates, being a reasonable charge for the service provided or which was failed to be 
provided, as follows:    
(a)
Where the fee is less than A$100,000, the Limitation Amount is A$2,000,000.   
(b)
Where the fee is greater than or equal to A$100,000 but is less than A$300,000, the Limitation 
Amount is A$5,000,000.   
(c)
Where the fee is greater than or equal to A$300,000 but is less than A$500,000, the Limitation 
Amount is A$10,000,000.   
(d)
Where the fee is greater than or equal to A$500,000 but is less than A$1,000,000, the Limitation 
Amount is A$20,000,000.   
(e)
Where the fee is greater than or equal to A$1,000,000 but is less than A$2,500,000, the Limitation 
Amount is A$50,000,000.   
(f)
Where the fee is greater than or equal to A$2,500,000 the Limitation Amount is A$75,000,000.

--- Page 151 ---
142
NOTICE TO PURCHASERS AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS
The Instruments have not been registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States and have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) or any U.S. state securities authority. Neither the SEC nor any state 
securities authority in any other jurisdiction has passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this Base 
Prospectus. Trading in the Instruments has not been approved by the CFTC pursuant to the Commodity 
Exchange Act. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful.
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Instruments are advised to consult legal 
counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Instruments.
Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or purchaser of Instruments will be deemed to have acknowledged, 
represented and agreed as follows:
1.
It understands that the Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
or any other applicable securities law and, accordingly, none of the Instruments may be offered, sold, 
transferred, pledged, encumbered or otherwise disposed of unless in accordance with and subject to 
applicable law and the transfer restrictions described herein.
2.
It is a purchaser acquiring Instruments in an offshore transaction occurring outside the United States 
within the meaning of Regulation S and that it is not a U.S. Person.
3.
It will offer, sell or otherwise transfer Instruments it has purchased on its own behalf and on behalf of 
any account for which it is purchasing the Instruments, (a) in a transaction not subject to registration 
under the Securities Act in reliance on Regulation S, (b) to Macquarie Bank or any of its subsidiaries, 
or (c) to a Dealer that is a party to the amended and restated programme agreement dated on or 
about 7 March 2023 among the Issuer and the Dealer, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time (the “Programme Agreement”). It acknowledges that the Issuer is under no obligation to 
register the offer and sale of any Instrument under the Securities Act or to take any other steps to 
cause any Instrument to become freely tradable.
4.
It is not a fiduciary of a pension, profit-sharing or other employee benefit plan subject to the U.S. 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”) or a plan subject to 
Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), it is not 
purchasing the Instruments on behalf of or with “plan assets” of any such plan, and it is not a 
governmental or church or other plan subject to provisions under applicable federal, state, local or 
foreign law that are similar to the requirements of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.
5.
If it is acquiring any Instruments as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts, it represents that 
it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make 
the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account.
6.
It will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Instruments or has in its possession or distribute the Base 
Prospectus, any applicable Issue Terms and/or such other offering material relating to the 
Programme or the Instruments and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for 
the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of any Instruments under the law and regulations in force in 
any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries, 
in all cases at its own expense, and neither Macquarie Bank nor the Dealers shall have responsibility 
therefor. In accordance with the above, any Instruments purchased by any such person which it 
wishes to offer for sale or resale may not be offered in any jurisdiction in circumstances which would 
result in Macquarie Bank being obliged to register any further prospectus or corresponding document 
relating to the Instruments in such jurisdiction. 
7.
Macquarie Bank, the Dealers and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing and 
the following acknowledgments, representations and agreements and each purchaser agrees that, if 
any of the acknowledgments, representations or warranties deemed to have been made by it in 
connection with its purchase of Instruments are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify Macquarie 
Bank and the Dealers through which it purchased any Instruments.

--- Page 152 ---
143
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Pursuant to the amended and restated programme agreement dated on or about 7 March 2023 (the 
“Programme Agreement”) (the “Programme Agreement”), the Instruments may be offered on a continuing 
basis through Macquarie Bank Limited, London Branch and Macquarie Bank Europe Designated Activity 
Company as dealers (or any successors, assigns, replacements or substitute dealers appointed to the 
Programme from time to time) (the “Dealers”). However, the Issuer reserves the right to sell Instruments 
directly on its own behalf to parties other than the Dealers on terms as it may agree from time to time. 
The Issuer will have the sole right to accept any offer made to it to purchase Instruments and may reject any 
such offer in whole or (subject to the terms of such offer) in part. The Dealers shall have the right, in its 
discretion reasonably exercised, to reject any offer to purchase Instruments made to it in whole or (subject to 
the terms of such offer) in part. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers
for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment of the Programme and the issue of 
Instruments under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in 
connection therewith.
No action has been or will be taken by the Issuer that would permit a public offering of any Instruments or 
possession or distribution of any offering material in relation to any Instruments in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. No offers, sales, re-sales or deliveries of any Instruments, or distribution 
of any offering material relating to any Instruments, may be made in or from any jurisdiction except in 
circumstances which will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and which will not 
impose any obligation on the Issuer.
The Dealers may be paid fees in relation to any issue of Instruments under the Programme. The Dealers and 
their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in Instruments issued under the Programme, related 
derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf 
of Macquarie Bank and affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their 
general market risk, or other trading activities.
General
This Base Prospectus has not been, nor will be, lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments 
Commission (“ASIC”) and is not a ‘prospectus’, ‘product disclosure statement’ or other ‘disclosure document’ 
for the purposes of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (“Corporations Act”).
The Dealers have represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in any jurisdiction 
in which it may offer, sell or deliver Instruments, and it will not directly or indirectly offer, sell, resell, re-offer 
or deliver Instruments or distribute the Base Prospectus, any Issue Terms, circular, advertisement or other 
offering material relating to the Instruments in any country or jurisdiction except under circumstances that will 
result, to the best of its knowledge and belief, in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
None of the Issuer nor the Dealers represents that any Instruments may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Instruments, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Issue Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.
Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply 
with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in which they purchase, offer, sell or 
deliver Instruments or have in their possession or distribute such offering material and to obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by them for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by them of any Instruments 
under the law and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which they are subject or in which they make such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries, in all cases at their own expense, and none of the Issuer nor the Dealers
shall have responsibility therefor. In accordance with the above, any Instruments purchased by any person 
which it wishes to offer for sale or resale may not be offered in any jurisdiction in circumstances which would 
result in the Issuer being obliged to register any further prospectus or corresponding document relating to the 
Instruments in such jurisdiction.

--- Page 153 ---
144
In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Instruments in Australia, the United States of America, the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom 
as set out below.
Australia
No prospectus or other disclosure document, nor any product disclosure statement, (each as defined in the 
Corporations Act) in relation to the Programme or any Instruments has been, or will be, lodged with ASIC. 
The Dealers have represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, unless the applicable Issue Terms (or relevant supplement to this Base 
Prospectus) otherwise provides, it:
(a)
has not offered or invited applications, and will not offer or invite applications, for the issue, sale or 
purchase of any Instruments in Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a person 
in Australia); and
(b)
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, the Base Prospectus or any draft, 
preliminary or definitive prospectus, offering memorandum, disclosure document, advertisement or 
other offering material relating to any Instruments in Australia,
unless (i) the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least A$500,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies but disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) or the offer or 
invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or 7.9 of the 
Corporations Act; (ii) such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives in Australia 
(including, without limitation, the licensing requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Corporations Act); (iii) the 
offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a “retail client” within the meaning of section 761G of the 
Corporations Act; and (iv) such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or any other 
regulatory authority in Australia.
The United States of America
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States. Consequently, the Instruments may not be offered, sold, resold, delivered or transferred 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, "U.S. persons" (as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws and the 
Instruments forming part of a may not be offered, sold, resold, delivered or transferred within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any person who is (i) a “U.S. person” (as defined in Regulation 
S), (ii) a “U.S. person” as defined in the Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance 
with Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the United States CTFC, as amended, modified or 
supplemented from time to time, under the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "CEA"), (iii) a person 
other than a “Non-United States person” as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7, or (iv) a “United States person” as 
defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder, in each case, as such definition may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time 
(each such person, a "U.S. Person").
Instruments in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder.
In connection with any Instruments which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S, the Dealers
have represented and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
the Regulation S Instruments within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
The Dealers have further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree, that it will send to any other Dealer to which it sells any Instruments a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Instruments within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S.

--- Page 154 ---
145
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms (or Alternative Drawdown Document) in respect of any Instruments specifies the 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, the Dealers have represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Instruments which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms or Alternative Drawdown Document in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive EU 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in, the Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Instruments.
If the Final Terms or Alternative Drawdown Document in respect of any Instruments specified “Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a 
“Relevant State”), the Dealers have represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Instruments, which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms or Alternative Drawdown Document thereto, to the public in that Relevant State, except that it 
may make an offer of Instruments to the public in that Relevant State:
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Instruments referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Instruments to the public” in relation to any 
Instruments in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Instruments and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129.
The United Kingdom
The Dealers have represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:
(a)
in relation to any Instruments which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Instruments other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Instruments would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) 
by the Issuer;

--- Page 155 ---
146
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of those Instruments in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if Macquarie Bank was not an 
authorised person, apply to Macquarie Bank; and
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Instruments in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms or Alternative Drawdown Document in respect of any Instruments specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, the Dealers have represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Instruments which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms or Alternative Drawdown Document in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of the EUWA; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Instruments.
If the Final Terms or Alternative Drawdown Document in respect of any Instruments specifies “Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, the Dealers have represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Instruments which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms or Alternative Drawdown Document in relation thereto to the public in the 
UK, except that it may make an offer of such Instruments to the public in the UK:
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of Instruments referred to above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Instruments to the public” in relation to any 
Instruments means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Instruments and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 156 ---
147
TAXATION
Australian Taxation
The following is a general outline of certain Australian withholding tax treatment under the Income Tax 
Assessment Acts of 1936 and 1997 of Australia (together, “Australian Tax Act”), the Taxation Administration 
Act 1953 of Australia and any relevant regulations, rulings or judicial or administrative pronouncements, at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, of payments of interest and certain other amounts on the Instruments to be 
issued by the Issuer under the Programme and certain other Australian tax matters.
This outline is not exhaustive and should be treated with appropriate caution. In particular, the outline does 
not deal with the position of certain classes of Instrumentholders (including dealers in securities, custodians 
or other third parties who hold Instruments on behalf of other persons). Prospective Instrumentholders should 
also be aware that particular terms of issue of any Series of Instruments may affect the tax treatment of that 
and other Series of Instruments.
This outline is not intended to be, nor should it be construed as legal or tax advice to any particular investor. 
Prospective holders of Instruments should consult their professional advisers on the taxation implications of 
an investment in the Instruments for their particular circumstances.
Introduction
The following is an outline of the Australian taxes that could apply in relation to the issue, transfer and 
settlement of Instruments issued under the Programme. This outline is not exhaustive and does not deal with:

any other Australian tax aspects of acquiring, holding or disposing of the Instruments (including 
Australian income taxes); or

the position of all classes of Instrumentholders.
The Australian Tax Act characterises securities as either “debt interests” (for all entities) or “equity 
interests” (for companies) including for the purposes of Australian interest withholding tax imposed under 
Division 11A of Part III of the Australian Tax Act (“IWT”) and dividend withholding tax. IWT is payable at a 
rate of 10% of the gross amount of interest paid by Macquarie Bank (except when the interest is an outgoing 
wholly incurred by Macquarie Bank in carrying on a business in a country outside Australia at or through a 
permanent establishment of Macquarie Bank in that country) to a non-resident of Australia (other than a non-
resident acting at or through a permanent establishment in Australia) or a resident acting at or through a 
permanent establishment outside Australia unless an exemption is available. For these purposes, interest is 
defined in section 128A(1AB) of the Australian Tax Act to include amounts in the nature of, or in substitution 
for, interest and certain other amounts. 
Macquarie Bank intends to issue the Notes out of London branch and therefore Australian IWT should not 
apply.
Australian IWT – Certificates
Payments made in respect of Certificates, which are not “interest” for the purposes of section 128A(1AB) of 
the Australian Tax Act, may be made without any withholding or deduction for or on account of Australian 
IWT imposed under Division 11A of Part III of the Australian Tax Act.
Bearer Notes - section 126 of the Australian Tax Act
Section 126 of the Australian Tax Act imposes a type of withholding tax (see below for the rate of withholding 
tax) on the payment of interest on Bearer Notes if Macquarie Bank fails to disclose the names and addresses 
of persons in possession of Bearer Notes to the Australian Taxation Office (“ATO”), but is limited in its 
application to holders of Bearer Notes who are residents of Australia or non-residents who are engaged in 
carrying on business in Australia at or through a permanent establishment in Australia. Where interests in 
the relevant Bearer Notes are held through Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, or another clearing system, 
Macquarie Bank intends to treat the relevant operator of those clearing systems as the bearer of the Bearer 
Notes for the purposes of section 126 of the Australian Tax Act. 
Under current law, the rate of withholding tax is 45%.

--- Page 157 ---
148
OECD Common Reporting Standard
The OECD Common Reporting Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information in Tax 
Matters (“CRS”) requires certain financial institutions, including members of the Macquarie Group, to report 
information regarding certain accounts (which may include the Instruments) to their local tax authority and 
follow related due diligence procedures. Instrumentholders may be requested to provide certain information 
and certifications to financial institutions involved in the payment process (including MBL) to ensure 
compliance with the CRS. A jurisdiction that has signed the CRS Competent Authority Agreement may 
provide this information to other jurisdictions that have also signed the CRS Competent Authority Agreement. 
The Australian Government has enacted legislation amending, among other things, the Taxation 
Administration Act 1953 (Cth) to give effect to the CRS. The CRS applies to Australian financial institutions 
with effect from 1 July 2017.
Other Australian tax matters
Under Australian laws as presently in effect:
(a)
stamp duty and other taxes – Notes – no ad valorem stamp, issue, registration or similar taxes are 
payable in any Australian State or Territory on the issue or the transfer of any Notes; 
(b)
stamp duty and other taxes - Certificates – depending on the nature and location of the referenced 
index or indices, stamp duty may be payable on the issue or transfer of the Certificates. Under the 
terms of the Certificates, an investor will be obliged to pay any stamp duty arising in respect of a 
Certificate. Accordingly, investors should seek their own stamp duty advice prior to making any 
investment decision;
(c)
supply (ABN) withholding tax – payments in respect of the Instruments (whether in the form of Notes 
or Certificates) can be made free and clear of the “supply withholding tax” imposed under 
Australia's tax legislation;
(d)
goods and services tax (GST) – Notes – none of the issue or receipt of the Notes, the payment of 
principal or interest by Macquarie Bank nor the disposal of Notes will give rise to any GST liability in 
Australia;
(e)
GST - Certificates – the issue, receipt, payment of principal (but not interest) and the disposal of the 
Certificates may be subject to GST in Australia. Under the terms of the Certificates, an investor may 
be obliged to pay GST arising in respect of a Certificate. Accordingly, investors should seek their 
own GST advice prior to making any investment decision;
(f)
additional withholdings from certain payments to non-Australian residents – the Governor-General 
may make regulations requiring withholding from certain payments to non-Australian residents other 
than payments of interest or other amounts which are already subject to the current IWT rules or 
specifically exempt from those rules. Regulations may only be made if the responsible minister is 
satisfied the specified payments are of a kind that could reasonably relate to the assessable income 
of foreign residents. The possible application of any future regulations to the proceeds of any sale of 
the Instruments will need to be monitored; and
(g)
garnishee directions by the Commissioner of Taxation (Commissioner) – the Commissioner may give 
a direction under section 255 of the Australian Tax Act or section 260-5 of Schedule 1 of the Taxation 
Administration Act 1953 (or any other analogous provision under another statute) requiring the Issuer 
to deduct from any payment to any other entity (including any holder) any amount in respect of tax 
payable by that other entity. If the Issuer is served with such a direction in respect of a holder, then 
the Issuer will comply with that direction and, accordingly, will make any deduction or withholding in 
connection with that direction. For example, in broad terms, if an amount was owing by the Issuer to 
a holder and that holder had an outstanding Australian tax-related liability owing to the 
Commissioner, the Commissioner may issue a notice to the Issuer requiring the Issuer to pay the 
Commissioner the amount owing to the holder.
United Kingdom Taxation
The following applies only to persons who are the beneficial owners of Notes and/or Certificates (together, 
the Instruments) and is an outline of the Issuer's understanding of current law and practice in the United 
Kingdom relating only to United Kingdom withholding tax treatment of payments in respect of the Instruments, 
stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax. It does not deal with any other United Kingdom taxation implications

--- Page 158 ---
149
of acquiring, holding or disposing of the Instruments. The United Kingdom tax treatment of prospective 
holders of Instruments depends on their individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. 
The following is only a guide for issuances by Macquarie Bank and prospective holders of Instruments should 
seek their own professional advice.
Withholding tax on payments of interest on Notes
(a)
Macquarie Bank, provided that it continues to be a bank within the meaning of section 991 of the 
Income Tax Act 2007 (“ITA 2007”), and provided that the interest on the Notes is paid in the ordinary 
course of its business within the meaning of section 878 ITA 2007, will be entitled to make payments 
of interest without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax.
(b)
Payments of interest on the Notes may be made without deduction of or withholding on account of 
United Kingdom income tax provided that the Notes are and continue to be listed on a “recognised
stock exchange” within the meaning of section 1005 of ITA 2007 or are admitted to trading on a 
multilateral facility operated by a regulated recognised stock exchange within the meaning of Section 
987 ITA 2007. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a recognised stock exchange. Notes will be 
“listed on a recognised stock exchange” for this purpose if they are admitted to trading on an 
exchange designated as a recognised stock exchange by an order made by the Commissioners for 
HM Revenue and Customs (“HMRC”) and either they are included in the United Kingdom official list 
(within the meaning of Part 6 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) or they are officially 
listed, in accordance with provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in European 
Economic Area states, in a country outside the United Kingdom in which there is a recognised stock 
exchange. The Issuer's understanding of current HMRC practice is that securities which are officially 
listed and admitted to trading on the Main Market or the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange may be regarded as “listed on a recognised stock exchange” for these purposes. 
Provided, therefore, that the Notes carry a right to interest and are and remain so listed on a 
“recognised stock exchange”, interest on the Notes will be payable without withholding or deduction 
on account of United Kingdom tax (whether or not the Issuer carries on a banking business in the 
United Kingdom and whether or not the interest is paid in the ordinary course of its business).
(c)
Interest on the Notes may also be paid without withholding or deduction on account of United 
Kingdom tax where the maturity of the Notes is less than 365 days and those Notes do not form part 
of a scheme or arrangement of borrowing intended to be capable of remaining outstanding for more 
than 364 days.
(d)
In other cases, an amount must generally be withheld from payments of interest on the Notes that 
has a United Kingdom source on account of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 
20 per cent.), subject to any other available exemption or relief which may apply. Where an applicable 
double tax agreement provides for no tax to be withheld (or a lower rate of withholding tax) in relation 
to a holder of Notes, HMRC can (on application) issue a notice to the Issuer to pay interest to the 
holder of Notes without deduction of tax (or for interest to be paid with tax deducted at the rate 
provided for in the relevant double tax agreement).
(e)
If the Notes are issued at a discount to their principal amount, any such discount element is not 
subject to any United Kingdom withholding tax. If the Notes are redeemed at a premium to principal 
amount (as opposed to being issued at a discount) then, depending on the circumstances, such 
premium may constitute a payment of interest for United Kingdom tax purposes and hence be subject 
to the United Kingdom withholding tax rules outlined above.
Withholding tax on payments on the Certificates
The Issuer generally should not be required to withhold or deduct sums for or on account of United Kingdom 
income tax from payments made under Certificates that are treated as derivatives for the purposes of 
Financial Reporting Standard 25 (or International Accounting Standard 32).
Payments made under Certificates that are not treated as derivatives for the purposes of Financial Reporting 
Standard 25 (or International Accounting Standard 32) may be required to be paid under deduction or 
withholding for or on account of United Kingdom income tax if such payments are regarded as interest (and 
none of the exemptions from withholding tax referred to in paragraphs (a) to (d) above apply) or annual 
payments for United Kingdom tax purposes. However, where an applicable double tax agreement provides 
for no tax to be withheld (or a lower rate of withholding tax) in relation to a holder of Certificates, HMRC can 
(on application) issue a notice to Macquarie Bank to pay interest or annual payments to the holder of

--- Page 159 ---
150
Certificates without deduction of tax (or for interest or annual payments to be paid with tax deducted at the 
rate provided for in the relevant double tax agreement).
Stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax (“SDRT”) in respect of the Instruments
A charge to stamp duty or SDRT may, in certain circumstances, arise on the issue, transfer and/or settlement 
of Instruments and SDRT may also be payable in relation to any agreement to transfer Instruments. This will 
depend upon the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Instruments (as amended and supplemented by the 
applicable Issue Terms). Instrumentholders should take their own advice from an appropriately qualified 
professional advisor in this regard.
Luxembourg Taxation
The following discussion is an outline of certain material Luxembourg tax considerations relating to (i) Notes 
or Certificates issued by any of the Issuers where the Holder is tax resident in Luxembourg or has a tax 
presence in Luxembourg, or (ii) Notes or Certificates where the Paying Agent (in the sense indicated below) 
is located in Luxembourg or in a Member State of the EU or a European Economic Area country other than 
Luxembourg.
Notes or Certificates where the Paying Agent is located in Luxembourg
Resident individuals
Under the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 introducing withholding tax on certain interest payments 
derived from savings income (as amended) (the “RELIBI”), interest on Notes and Certificates paid by a 
Luxembourg Paying Agent (hereinafter in the sense of the RELIBI) to an individual Holder who is a resident 
of Luxembourg not holding the Notes or Certificates as business assets will be subject to a withholding tax 
of twenty per cent. (20%) which will operate in full discharge of income tax due on such payments.
An individual Holder who is a resident of Luxembourg not holding the Notes or Certificates as business assets 
will not be subject to taxation on capital gains (including foreign exchange gains) upon the disposal of the 
Notes or Certificates, unless the disposal of the Notes or Certificates precedes their acquisition or the Notes 
and Certificates are disposed of within six months of the date of acquisition. Upon redemption or exchange 
of the Notes or Certificates, the portion of the redemption or exchange price corresponding to accrued but 
unpaid interest (if any) is subject to the aforementioned twenty per cent. (20%) withholding tax.
An individual holder of a Note or Certificate who is a resident of Luxembourg holding the Notes or Certificates 
as business assets will be subject to taxation as set forth in the paragraph “Undertaking with a collective 
character established in Luxembourg” set out below, except that the aforementioned twenty per cent. (20%) 
withholding tax can be credited against the overall tax liability.
Undertaking with a collective character established in Luxembourg
Interest on Notes or Certificates paid by a Luxembourg Paying Agent to Holders of a Note or Certificate who 
are not individuals will not be subject to any Luxembourg withholding tax. 
Save where the Holder of a Note or Certificate is exempt from taxation under Luxembourg law, a Holder who 
is an undertaking with a collective character resident in Luxembourg, or a non-resident Holder of the same 
type who has a permanent establishment in Luxembourg with which the holding of the Note or Certificates is 
connected, must, for corporate tax purposes, include in his taxable income (i) any interest received or accrued 
on the Notes or Certificates and (ii) the difference between the sale or redemption price (including accrued 
but unpaid interest, if any) and the lower of the cost or book value of the Notes or Certificates sold or 
redeemed (including foreign exchange gains).
Non-residents
A Holder of Notes or Certificates will not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by 
reason only of the holding of the Notes or Certificates or the execution, performance and/or delivery of the 
Notes or Certificates.

--- Page 160 ---
151
Notes or Certificates where the Paying Agent is not located in Luxembourg
Resident Holders
In case interest on Notes or Certificates is paid to Luxembourg resident individuals by a Paying Agent 
established in a Member State of the EU other than Luxembourg or a European Economic Area country other 
than a Member State of the EU or Luxembourg, the beneficiary of such interest payment may opt for the 
application of a tax levy of twenty per cent (20%) in accordance with the provisions of the RELIBI. In such 
case the beneficiary of such interest payment is responsible for the related payment and declaration 
obligations. The tax levy represents the final tax liability for Luxembourg individual resident taxpayers acting 
in the course of the management of their private wealth.
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for 
a Directive for a common financial transactions tax (“FTT”) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Certificates (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Primary market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be 
exempt.
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons or Certificates where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is 
established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” 
in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional Member 
States may decide to participate.
Prospective Holders of the Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Certificates are advised to seek their own 
professional advice in relation to the FTT.
United States Taxation
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer 
has registered with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service as a reporting foreign financial institution for these 
purposes.
A number of jurisdictions (including the United Kingdom) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way 
in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign 
financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
securities such as the Instruments, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on securities such as the Instruments, are uncertain and may be subject 
to change.
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on securities 
such as the Instruments, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date 
on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register 
and Instruments characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed 
term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on 
which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally

--- Page 161 ---
152
would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date 
(including by reason of a substitution of the issuer). However, if additional Instruments (as described under 
“Terms and Conditions – Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Instruments are 
issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then 
withholding agents may treat all such Instruments, including those Instruments offered prior to the expiration 
of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.
Instrumentholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Instruments.

--- Page 162 ---
153
USE OF PROCEEDS
The Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the Instruments for general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit. A substantial portion of the proceeds from the issue of Instruments may be 
used to hedge market risk with respect to such Instruments. If in respect of any particular issue of Instruments, 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms or Alternative 
Drawdown Document.

--- Page 163 ---
154
GENERAL INFORMATION
1.
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Australia in 
connection with the issue and performance of the Instruments. The establishment of the Programme 
and the issue of the Instruments by the Issuer was authorised by resolutions of the board of directors 
of the Issuer on 27 February 2014 and 24 July 2019 and a resolution of a board delegated committee 
of Macquarie on 15 December 2022.
2.
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of Macquarie Bank 
or Macquarie Bank consolidated with its controlled entities since 31 March 2022, being the end date 
for the last financial period for which audited financial statements of Macquarie Bank or Macquarie 
Bank consolidated with its controlled entities have been published.
3.
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of Macquarie 
Bank or Macquarie Bank consolidated with its controlled entities since 30 September 2022, being the 
end date for the last financial period for which unaudited financial statements of Macquarie Bank or 
Macquarie Bank consolidated with its controlled entities have been published.
4.
The Issuer is not involved in any litigation, governmental or arbitration proceedings which may have, 
or have had during the twelve months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect 
on its financial position, nor is the Issuer aware that such proceedings are pending or threatened.
5.
The auditors of the Issuer in Australia are PwC Australia, whose address is One International Towers 
Sydney, Watermans Quay, Barangaroo NSW 2000, Australia. PwC Australia are members of 
Chartered Accountants Australia & New Zealand.
6.
The Programme Agreement provides that the Issuer may issue Instruments in a form not 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus. Any such Instruments shall not be offered to the public nor 
admitted to trading on a regulated market.
7.
For so long as any Instruments shall be outstanding or the Programme remains in effect, copies of 
the following documents may be inspected during normal business hours at, and copies of documents 
referred to in (F) are available free of charge from, the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Principal Certificate Agent, any Paying Agent, the Registrar (as applicable) and/or from the 
registered office of the Issuer:
(A)
the constitution of the Issuer (which is also available on the internet site: 
https://www.macquarie.com/au/en/investors/debt-investors/unsecured-funding.html);
(B)
the Programme Agreement and any agreement which amends or supplements it;
(C)
the Agency Agreement (which includes the forms of the Global and Definitive Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons and the forms of Global and Definitive Certificates);
(D)
the Deed of Covenant for Notes and the Deed of Covenant for Certificates;
(E)
any Issue Terms for Instruments that are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange;
(F)
a copy of this Base Prospectus, together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus; and
(G)
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any 
expert any part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus (which are also 
available 
on 
the 
internet 
site: 
https://www.macquarie.com/au/en/investors/debt-
investors/unsecured-funding.html).
8.
The Base Prospectus and the other documents incorporated by reference as set out in this Base 
Prospectus (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on pages 35 to 37 of this Base Prospectus) 
are 
available 
on 
the 
internet 
site 
https://www.macquarie.com/au/en/investors/debt-
investors/unsecured-funding.html. 
9.
The Instruments have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent from time to 
time and notified to Instrumentholders. The appropriate Common Code and International Securities

--- Page 164 ---
155
Identification Number (“ISIN”) in relation to the Instruments of each Series will be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent or the Principal Certificate Agent as 
applicable) shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Instruments is issued which is intended to 
form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Instruments, the Instruments of such further Tranche 
shall be assigned a Common Code and ISIN by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which are 
different from the Common Code and ISIN assigned to Instruments of any other Tranche of the same 
Series until at least 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Instruments of such Tranche.
10.
Bearer Instruments having a maturity of more than one year (other than Temporary Global 
Instruments) and any Coupon or Talon appertaining thereto will bear a legend substantially to the 
following effect: “Any United States person (as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code) who holds 
this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws including the 
limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code”.
11.
No approvals are currently required under Australian law for or in connection with the issue of the 
Instruments by Macquarie Bank or for or in connection with the performance and enforceability of 
such Instruments s. However, regulations in Australia prohibit payments, transactions and dealings 
with assets or named individuals or entities subject to international sanctions or associated with 
terrorism.
12.
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any assets 
underlying an issue of Instruments constituting derivative securities.
13.
The Issuer will publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus or new Base Prospectus in accordance 
with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation in the event of any significant new factor, material 
mistake or inaccuracy.
14.
No internet sites that are cited or referred to in this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to form part of, 
or to be incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus. The information on any such internet 
websites referred to in this Base Prospectus has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF or 
another competent authority in order to comply with Article 10(1) of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/979.

--- Page 165 ---
156
L_LIVE_EMEA1:101862764v15
ISSUER
Macquarie Bank Limited, London Branch
Ropemaker Place
28 Ropemaker Street
London EC2Y 9HD
United Kingdom
DEALERS
Macquarie Bank Limited, London Branch 
Ropemaker Place
28 Ropemaker Street
London EC2Y 9HD
United Kingdom
Macquarie Bank Europe Designated Activity 
Company
First Floor, Connaught House
1 Burlington Road
Dublin 4, D04C5Y6
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT
PRINCIPAL CERTIFICATE AGENT
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch
Winchester House
1 Great Winchester Street
London EC2Y 2DB
United Kingdom
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch
Winchester House
1 Great Winchester Street
London EC2Y 2DB
United Kingdom
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer
1115 Luxembourg
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
LUXEMBOURG PAYING AGENT
LUXEMBOURG CERTIFICATE AGENT
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer
1115 Luxembourg
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer
1115 Luxembourg
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
CALCULATION AGENT
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT
Macquarie Bank Limited, London Branch
Ropemaker Place
28 Ropemaker Street
London EC2Y 9HD
United Kingdom
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer
1115 Luxembourg
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
LEGAL ADVISERS TO MACQUARIE BANK LIMITED
As to English law
Simmons & Simmons LLP
CityPoint
One Ropemaker Street
London EC2Y 9SS
United Kingdom
As to Luxembourg law
Simmons & Simmons Luxembourg LLP
Royal Monterey 26A, boulevard Royal
L-2449 Luxembourg Grand Duchy of Luxembourg