--- Page 1 ---
10228766588-v34 
- i - 
75-41033197 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS MAY ONLY BE DISTRIBUTED TO: (1) NON-U.S. PERSONS (AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE "SECURITIES ACT")) OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES; (2) "QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) 
OR (3) PERSONS WHO ARE "ACCREDITED INVESTORS" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(A)(1), 
(2), (3) OR (7) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) THAT ARE INSTITUTIONS.
IMPORTANT: You must read the following disclaimer before continuing. The following disclaimer 
applies to the attached base prospectus (the "document") and you are therefore advised to read this carefully 
before reading, accessing or making any other use of the attached document. In accessing the document, 
you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any modifications to them from 
time to time, each time you receive any information from us as a result of such access. You acknowledge 
that this electronic transmission and the delivery of the attached document is confidential and intended only 
for you and you agree you will not reproduce or publish this electronic transmission or forward the attached 
document to any other person. 
RESTRICTIONS: UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL THE ATTACHED DOCUMENT 
CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY NOR SHALL 
THERE BE ANY SALE OF THE SECURITIES IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER 
JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH OFFER, SOLICITATION OR SALE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. 
ANY SECURITIES TO BE ISSUED HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER 
THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY 
NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED 
STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT). 
THE ATTACHED DOCUMENT MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER 
PERSON WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE DEALERS (AS DEFINED BELOW) 
AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. DISTRIBUTION OR 
REPRODUCTION OF THE ATTACHED DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS 
UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A 
VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF OTHER 
JURISDICTIONS. 
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL THIS DOCUMENT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO SELL OR 
THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY NOR SHALL THERE BE ANY SALE OF THE 
SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH OFFER, SOLICITATION OR SALE 
WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. 
THIS DOCUMENT IS NOT BEING DISTRIBUTED TO, AND MUST NOT BE PASSED ON TO, THE 
GENERAL PUBLIC IN THE UNITED KINGDOM. RATHER, THE COMMUNICATION OF THIS 
DOCUMENT AS A FINANCIAL PROMOTION IS ONLY BEING MADE TO THOSE PERSONS 
FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 19(5) OR ARTICLE 49 OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND 
MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTION) ORDER 2005, OR TO OTHER PERSONS TO 
WHOM THIS DOCUMENT MAY OTHERWISE BE DISTRIBUTED WITHOUT CONTRAVENTION 
OF SECTION 21 OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000, OR ANY PERSON 
TO WHOM IT MAY OTHERWISE LAWFULLY BE MADE. THIS COMMUNICATION IS BEING 
DIRECTED ONLY AT PERSONS HAVING PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE IN MATTERS 
RELATING TO INVESTMENTS AND ANY INVESTMENT OR INVESTMENT ACTIVITY TO 
WHICH THIS COMMUNICATION RELATES WILL BE ENGAGED IN ONLY WITH SUCH 
PERSONS. NO OTHER PERSON SHOULD RELY ON IT. 
Confirmation of your representation: The attached document is delivered to you at your request and on the 
basis that you have confirmed to Barclays Bank PLC, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Emirates NBD 
Capital Limited, First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC, HSBC Bank plc, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Morgan Stanley 
& Co. International plc, Standard Chartered Bank and UBS AG London Branch (together, the "Dealers"), 
Majid al Futtaim Holding LLC, Majid Al Futtaim Properties LLC (together, the "Guarantors") and MAF 
Global Securities Limited (the "Issuer") that: (i) you are located outside the United States and are not, and

--- Page 2 ---
10228766588-v34 
- ii - 
75-41033197 
 
are not acting on behalf of, a U.S. Person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act); (ii) you 
consent to delivery by electronic transmission; (iii) you will not transmit the attached document (or any 
copy of it or part thereof) or disclose, whether orally or in writing, any of its contents to any other person 
except with the prior written consent of the Dealers; and (iv) you acknowledge that you will make your 
own assessment regarding any credit, investment, legal, taxation or other economic considerations with 
respect to your decision to subscribe for or purchase any of the Notes. 
This document has been made available to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and 
consequently none of the Guarantors, the Issuer, the Dealers nor any person who controls or is a director, 
officer, employee or agent of the Guarantors, the Issuer, the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the document 
distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version. By accessing this document, you consent 
to receiving it in electronic form. A hard copy of the document will be made available to you only upon 
request to the Dealers. 
You are reminded that the attached document has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person 
into whose possession this document may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the 
jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not nor are you authorised to deliver this document, 
electronically or otherwise, to any other person. Failure to comply with this directive may result in a 
violation of the Securities Act or the applicable laws of other jurisdictions. 
None of the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility whatsoever for the 
contents of this document or for any statement made or purported to be made by any of them, or on any of 
their behalf, in connection with the Guarantors, the Issuer or the offer. The Dealers and their respective 
affiliates accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort, contract, or otherwise which they 
might otherwise have in respect of such document or any such statement. No representation or warranty, 
express or implied, is made by any of the Dealers or their respective affiliates as to the accuracy, 
completeness, verification or sufficiency of the information set out in this document. 
The Dealers are acting exclusively for the Guarantors and the Issuer and no one else in connection with the 
offer. They will not regard any other person (whether or not a recipient of this document) as their client in 
relation to the offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Guarantors and the Issuer for 
providing the protections afforded to its clients nor for giving advice in relation to the offer or any 
transaction or arrangement referred to herein. 
The materials relating to the offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or 
solicitation in any place where such offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires 
that the offering be made by a licenced broker or dealer and the Dealers or any affiliate of the Dealers is a 
licenced broker or dealer in that jurisdiction the offering shall be deemed to be made by the Dealers or such 
affiliate on behalf of the Guarantors and the Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
Recipients of the attached document who intend to subscribe for or purchase any securities to be issued are 
reminded that any subscription or purchase may only be made on the basis of the information contained in 
the final version of the attached document. 
If you received this document by e-mail, you should not reply by e-mail to this communication. Any reply 
e-mail communications, including those you generate by using the "Reply" function on the email software, 
will be ignored or rejected. Your receipt of the electronic transmission is at your own risk and it is your 
responsibility to take precautions to ensure that it is free from viruses and other items of a destructive nature

--- Page 3 ---
10228766588-v34 
- iii - 
75-41033197 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
MAF GLOBAL SECURITIES LIMITED 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Cayman Islands) 
U.S.$3,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by 
MAJID AL FUTTAIM HOLDING LLC 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Emirate of Dubai, United Arab Emirates) 
and 
MAJID AL FUTTAIM PROPERTIES LLC 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Emirate of Dubai, United Arab Emirates) 
Under this U.S.$3,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), MAF Global Securities Limited (the "Issuer") may from time-to-time issue notes (the "Notes") 
denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The payments of all amounts due in respect of the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed, on a joint and several basis (the "Guarantee"), by Majid Al Futtaim Holding LLC 
("Majid Al Futtaim Holding") and Majid Al Futtaim Properties LLC ("Majid Al Futtaim Properties" and, together with Majid Al Futtaim Holding, the "Guarantors" and each a "Guarantor"). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively "Bearer Notes" and "Registered Notes"). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding 
under the Programme will not exceed U.S.$3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as 
described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Description of the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from 
time to time by the Issuer (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant 
Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The 
Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or Guarantors or of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the securities. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for the Notes issued under this Programme 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted on the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"). This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant 
time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). The obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the "DFSA") under Markets Rule 2.6 of the DFSA. Application has also been made to the DFSA for Notes 
issued under this Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of securities maintained by the DFSA (the "Dubai Official 
List") and to Nasdaq Dubai for such Notes to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai. An application may be made for any Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") to 
be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that: (i) such Notes have been admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin 
and have been admitted to the Official List; and/or (ii) such Notes have been admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai and have been admitted to the Dubai Official List. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer, the 
Guarantors and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if 
any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will 
be set out in a final terms document (the "applicable Final Terms"), which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to the Central Bank and Euronext Dublin and 
with respect to Notes to be listed on Nasdaq Dubai, will be delivered to the DFSA and Nasdaq Dubai. 
Neither the Notes nor the Guarantee have been nor will be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or any U.S. state securities laws and the Notes may 
not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) unless an exemption from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and the offer or sale is made in accordance with the applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other 
jurisdiction. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) in reliance on Regulation S and within the United States only: (i) to 
persons who are "qualified institutional buyers" (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A"), or "QIBs") in reliance on Rule 144A; or (ii) to persons who are "accredited 
investors" (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act) that are institutions ("Institutional Accredited Investors"), who execute and deliver an IAI Investment Letter (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) in which they agree to purchase the Notes for their own account and not with a view to the distribution thereof. Please see "Form of the Notes" for a description 
of the manner in which Notes will be issued. Registered Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer. Please see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
The Issuer and the Guarantors may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee (as defined herein) that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
herein, in which event a supplemental Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
Each of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch") has rated Majid Al Futtaim Holding. Fitch is established in the United Kingdom (the "UK") and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). Fitch appears 
on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) on the UK Financial Conduct Authority's (the "FCA") Financial Services Register. The 
rating issued by Fitch has been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation"). S&P is established in the EEA and is registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such, S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
The rating S&P has assigned is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Fitch has rated Majid Al Futtaim Holding's long-term issuer default rating and senior unsecured rating at 'BBB', with a stable outlook. Fitch has rated Majid Al Futtaim Holding's short-term issuer 
default rating at 'F3'. Fitch has not independently rated the Issuer or Majid Al Futtaim Properties. Fitch has also rated the Issuer's Programme at 'BBB'. S&P has given Majid Al Futtaim Holding 
a corporate credit rating of 'BBB/A-2', with stable outlook. S&P has also rated the Issuer's Programme at 'BBB'. S&P has not independently rated the Issuer or Majid Al Futtaim Properties. 
The rating of certain Series (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes to be issued from time to time under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of Notes will be: (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation; and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation, in each case will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
ARRANGERS 
 
Barclays 
Emirates NBD Capital 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
DEALERS 
 
Barclays 
Citigroup 
Emirates NBD Capital 
First Abu Dhabi Bank 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Morgan Stanley 
Standard Chartered Bank 
UBS Investment Bank 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 15 June 2022.

--- Page 4 ---
10228766588-v34 
- iv - 
75-41033197 
 
This Base Prospectus complies with the requirements in Part 2 of the Markets Law (DIFC Law No. 1 of 
2012) and Chapter 2 of the Markets Rules and comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and is for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer, the Guarantors 
and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Notes, is 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position 
or financial performance, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantors. 
The Issuer and each of the Guarantors accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantors the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of 
such information. 
The DFSA does not accept any responsibility for the content of the information included in this Base 
Prospectus, including the accuracy or completeness of such information. The liability for the content of this 
Base Prospectus lies with the Issuer, each of the Guarantors and other persons, whose opinions are included 
in this Base Prospectus with their consent. The DFSA has also not assessed the suitability of any Notes 
issued under this Programme to any particular investor or type of investor. If you do not understand the 
contents of this Base Prospectus or are unsure whether any Notes issued under this Base Prospectus are 
suitable for your individual investment objectives and circumstances, you should consult an authorised 
financial adviser. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
as completed by the applicable Final Terms. This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together 
with any supplements hereto, and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
The only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in connection with an offer of Notes are the persons 
named in the relevant subscription agreement as the relevant Dealer or the managers, as the case may be. 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the 
specified office herein of each of the Paying Agents (as defined below). 
Certain information under the headings "Description of the Group" and "Book-Entry Clearance Systems" 
has been extracted from information provided by the Dubai Statistics Centre, the Economist Intelligence 
Unit and the Dubai Department of Tourism and Commerce Marketing (in the case of "Description of the 
Group") and the clearing systems referred to therein (in the case of "Book-Entry Clearance Systems ") and, 
in each case, the source of such information is specified where it appears under those headings. The Issuer 
and each of the Guarantors confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far 
as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by the relevant sources referred to, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Trustee, nor any director, affiliate, adviser or agent of the Dealers or the Trustee, 
have independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or 
undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the 
Trustee, nor any director, affiliate, adviser or agent of the Dealers, as to the accuracy or completeness of 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer or the 
Guarantors in connection with the Programme. None of the Dealers, and no director, affiliate, adviser or 
agent of the Dealers, accepts any responsibility for any acts or omissions of the Issuer, the Guarantors or 
any other person in connection with the Base Prospectus or the issue and offering of Notes. Neither the 
Dealers nor the Trustee, nor any director, affiliate, adviser or agent of the Dealers or the Trustee, accepts 
any liability in relation to the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer or the Guarantors in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Dealers or the Trustee to give any 
information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, either of the 
Guarantors, any of the Dealers or the Trustee. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes: (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation save for making an investment 
decision on the Notes; or (ii) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, either of the

--- Page 5 ---
10228766588-v34 
- v - 
75-41033197 
 
Guarantors, any of the Dealers or the Trustee that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantors. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, either 
of the Guarantors, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer and/or the Guarantors is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. The Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs 
of the Issuer or either of the Guarantors during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the 
Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Guarantors, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no 
action has been taken by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to permit 
a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in 
any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, the Cayman Islands, 
Japan, the United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre), the Dubai 
International Financial Centre, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the Kingdom of Bahrain, the State of Qatar, 
Singapore, Hong Kong, the People's Republic of China and Malaysia. See "Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential Investor's Currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks.

--- Page 6 ---
10228766588-v34 
- vi - 
75-41033197 
 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any member state of the 
EEA (each, a "Member State") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or 
intending to make an offer in that Member State of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated 
in this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes 
may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer, the Guarantors or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
the EU Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have 
authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation 
arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own independent examination of the Issuer 
and each of the Guarantors and the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have 
the foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the 
adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a 
criminal offence in the United States. 
None of the Dealers, the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Trustee makes any representation to any investor in 
the Notes regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes 
should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent: (1) the 
Notes are legal investments for it; (2) the Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing; 
and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult 
their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to

--- Page 7 ---
10228766588-v34 
- vii - 
75-41033197 
 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
EU MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
CHAPTER 2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED 
FROM TIME TO TIME (THE "SFA") 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme 
shall be "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and "Excluded 
Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation

--- Page 8 ---
10228766588-v34 
- viii - 
75-41033197 
 
is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update 
the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus is being distributed on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited number 
of QIBs and Institutional Accredited Investors for informational use solely in connection with the 
consideration of the purchase of certain Notes issued under the Programme. Its use for any other purpose 
in the United States is not authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be 
distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is 
originally submitted. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Registered Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs or to Institutional Accredited 
Investors, in either case in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on 
Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A") or pursuant to any other applicable exemption. Each 
U.S. purchaser of Registered Notes is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Registered Notes to it 
may be being made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the 
Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
Purchasers of Definitive IAI Registered Notes (as defined under "Form of the Notes" below), will be 
required to execute and deliver an IAI Investment Letter (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes"). Each purchaser or holder of Definitive IAI Registered Notes, Notes represented by a Rule 144A 
Global Note or any Notes issued in registered form in exchange or substitution therefor (together the 
"Legended Notes") will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such Legended Notes, to have 
made certain representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of such Notes 
as set out in "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". Unless otherwise stated, terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in "Form of the Notes". 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes that are 
"restricted securities" within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Issuer and each of the Guarantors have 
undertaken in the Trust Deed (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") to furnish, upon the 
request of a holder of such Notes or any beneficial interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective 
purchaser designated by him, the information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the 
Securities Act if, at the time of the request, any of the Notes remain outstanding as "restricted securities" 
within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the Securities Act and none of the Issuer or the Guarantors is a 
reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
(the "Exchange Act") or exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
The Issuer is an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. All or a substantial 
portion of the assets of the Issuer are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible 
for investors to effect service of process outside the Cayman Islands upon the Issuer, or, unless certain 
conditions are met, to enforce in the Cayman Islands judgments against it obtained in courts outside the 
Cayman Islands predicated upon civil liabilities of the Issuer under laws other than Cayman Islands law, 
including any judgment predicated upon United States federal securities laws or the securities laws of any 
state or territory within the United States. 
Each Guarantor is a corporation organised under the laws of the United Arab Emirates (the "UAE"). All or 
a substantial portion of the assets of each Guarantor is located outside the United States. As a result, it may 
not be possible for investors to effect service of process outside the UAE upon either Guarantor, or to 
enforce judgments against either Guarantor obtained in courts outside the UAE predicated upon civil 
liabilities of such Guarantor under laws other than UAE law, including any judgment predicated upon the 
civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or the securities laws of any state or

--- Page 9 ---
10228766588-v34 
- ix - 
75-41033197 
 
territory within the United States. The Notes and the Guarantee (as defined under "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes") are governed by English law and disputes in respect of them may be settled by arbitration 
under the Arbitration Rules (the "LCIA Rules") of the London Court of International Arbitration (the 
"LCIA") in London, England. In addition, actions in respect of the Notes and the Guarantee may be brought 
in the English courts. 
In the absence of any bilateral treaty for the reciprocal enforcement of foreign judgments, the Dubai courts 
are unlikely to enforce an English judgment without re-examining the merits of the claim and may not 
observe the choice by the parties of English law as the governing law of the Notes and the Guarantee. 
Investors may have difficulties in enforcing any English judgments or arbitration awards against the Issuer 
or either Guarantor in the courts of Dubai, see "Risk Factors—Factors which are Material for the Purpose 
of Assessing the Market Risks Associated with Notes Issued under the Programme—Risks Relating to 
Enforcement". 
CAYMAN ISLANDS NOTICE 
No invitation, whether directly or indirectly, may be made to any member of the public of the Cayman 
Islands to subscribe for any Notes and this Base Prospectus shall not be construed as an invitation to any 
member of the public of the Cayman Islands to subscribe for any Notes. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, securities issued in connection with this Base Prospectus 
and related offering documents may only be offered in registered form to existing account holders and 
accredited investors as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain ("CBB") in the Kingdom of Bahrain where 
such investors make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$100,000 or any equivalent amount in other 
currency or such other amount as the CBB may determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain pursuant to the 
terms of Article (81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (Decree Law No. 64 of 2006). 
This Base Prospectus and related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a Base 
Prospectus with the CBB. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document or material be used 
in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase securities, whether directly or 
indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than to accredited investors for an offer outside the 
Kingdom of Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or related offering documents and 
it has not in any way considered the merits of the securities to be offered for investment, whether in or 
outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and 
completeness of the statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus and expressly disclaims 
any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any part of the 
content of this Base Prospectus. No offer of Notes will be made to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain 
and this Base Prospectus must be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to, or made 
available to the public generally. 
The offering complies with Legislative Decree No.(4) of 2001 with respect to the Prevention and 
Prohibition of the Laundering of Money and the Ministerial Orders issued thereunder, including but not 
limited to, Ministerial Order No.(7) of 2001 with respect to Institutions' Obligations Concerning the 
Prohibition and Combating of Money Laundering and Anti-Money Laundering and Combating of Financial 
Crime Module contained in the Central Bank of Bahrain Rulebook, Volume 6. 
NOTICES TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are 
permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital 
Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (the "CMA"). 
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this Base Prospectus, 
and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any 
part of this Base Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of Notes issued under the Programme should conduct 
their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the Notes. If a prospective purchaser

--- Page 10 ---
10228766588-v34 
- x - 
75-41033197 
 
does not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus, he or she should consult an authorised financial 
adviser. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE STATE OF QATAR 
The Notes will not be offered, sold or delivered, at any time, directly or indirectly, in the State of Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute a public offering. This Base 
Prospectus has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by or registered with the Qatar Central Bank, 
the Qatar Stock Exchange, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Financial Markets 
Authority in accordance with their regulations or any other regulations in the State of Qatar (including the 
Qatar Financial Centre). The Notes are not and will not be traded on the Qatar Stock Exchange. The Notes 
and interests therein will not be offered to investors domiciled or resident in the State of Qatar and do not 
constitute debt financing in the State of Qatar under the Commercial Companies Law No. (11) of 2015 or 
otherwise under the laws of the State of Qatar. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more Dealers (the "Stabilisation 
Manager(s)") (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail, but in doing so such Dealer shall act as principal and not as agent of the Issuer. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date 
on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, 
if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date of 
the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
persons on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
PRESENTATION OF GROUP FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The financial statements relating to the Group (as defined below) and incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus are as follows: 
• 
the audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 
2021 of Majid Al Futtaim Holding (the "2021 Group Financial Statements"); and 
• 
the audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020 of Majid Al Futtaim Holding (the "2020 Group Financial Statements" and, together with 
the 2021 Group Financial Statements, the "Group Financial Statements"). 
The Group Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards ("IFRS") issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the "IASB"). The Group 
Financial Statements have been audited in accordance with International Standards on Auditing by KPMG 
Lower Gulf Limited ("KPMG") without qualification. The Group publishes its financial statements in UAE 
dirham. 
Certain restatements and reclassifications 
The IASB issued amendments to IFRS 16 in May 2020, providing relief for lessees in accounting for rent 
concessions granted as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic. This is applicable for periods 
beginning on or after 1 June 2020, with early application permitted. The Group has early adopted the 
amendment to the standard and has applied the relief to eligible rent concessions received during 2020. The 
amendments provide the Group, as a lessee, with an exemption from the requirements to determine whether 
a COVID-19 related rent concession is a lease modification, provided that certain conditions are satisfied. 
Accordingly, the Group recognised rent concessions amounting to AED 51 million within its operating 
expenses for the year ended 31 December 2021 and AED 133 million for the year ended 31 December 
2020. See Note 6.1 to the 2021 Group Financial Statements.

--- Page 11 ---
10228766588-v34 
- xi - 
75-41033197 
 
PRESENTATION OF MAJID AL FUTTAIM PROPERTIES FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The financial statements relating to Majid Al Futtaim Properties incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus are as follows: 
• 
the audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 
2021 of Majid Al Futtaim Properties (the "2021 Majid Al Futtaim Properties Financial 
Statements"); and 
• 
the audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020 of Majid Al Futtaim Properties (the "2020 Majid Al Futtaim Properties Financial 
Statements" and, together with the 2021 Majid Al Futtaim Properties Financial Statements, the 
"Majid Al Futtaim Properties Financial Statements") (the Majid Al Futtaim Properties Financial 
Statements and the Group Financial Statements together, the "Financial Statements"). 
The Majid Al Futtaim Properties Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS. The 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties Financial Statements have been audited in accordance with International 
Standards on Auditing by KPMG without qualification. Majid Al Futtaim Properties publishes its financial 
statements in UAE dirham. 
PRESENTATION OF ISSUER FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 and 
as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 are referred to in, and incorporated by reference 
into, this Base Prospectus. These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS. These 
financial statements have been audited in accordance with International Standards on Auditing by KPMG 
without qualification. The Issuer publishes its financial statements in U.S. dollars. The Issuer has not 
published (and is not required to publish under the laws of the Cayman Islands) any interim financial 
statements. 
USE OF ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus includes certain financial information which has not been prepared in accordance 
with IFRS and which constitutes alternative performance measures ("APMs") for the purposes of the 
European Securities and Markets Association's Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures (the 
"ESMA Guidelines"). The Group believes that the APMs presented in this Base Prospectus provide useful 
supplementary information to both investors and to the Group's management as they facilitate the evaluation 
of underlying business performance and enhance comparability between reporting periods. However, 
investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on this information and should note that, since not all 
companies calculate financial measurements such as the APMs presented by the Group in this Base 
Prospectus in the same manner, these are not always directly comparable to performance metrics used by 
other companies (including similarly titled performance metrics used by other companies). 
Additionally, the APMs presented by the Group in this Base Prospectus are unaudited and have not been 
prepared in accordance with IFRS or any other accounting standards. Accordingly, these financial measures 
should not be seen as a substitute for measures defined according to IFRS. 
In particular, the Group's management has used, and expects to use, EBITDA-based measures to assess 
operating performance and to make decisions about allocating resources among the Group's various 
business lines. In assessing the Group's overall performance and the performance of each of the Group's 
business lines, management reviews EBITDA-based measures as a general indicator of performance 
compared to prior periods. EBITDA has important limitations as an analytical tool and should not be 
considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for an analysis of, the Group's or any other company's 
operating results as reported under IFRS. Some of the limitations are: 
• 
EBITDA does not reflect all cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or 
contractual commitments; 
• 
EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, working capital needs; 
• 
EBITDA does not reflect the interest expense or the cash requirements necessary to service interest 
or principal payments on debt;

--- Page 12 ---
10228766588-v34 
- xii - 
75-41033197 
 
• 
although depreciation and amortisation are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and 
amortised will often have to be replaced in the future and EBITDA does not reflect any cash 
requirements for such replacements; and 
• 
other companies may calculate EBITDA differently, limiting its usefulness as a comparative 
measure. 
The Group considers that the following metrics (which are set out below along with their reconciliation, to 
the extent that such information is not defined according to IFRS and not included in the Financial 
Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus) presented in this Base Prospectus constitute 
APMs for the purposes of the ESMA Guidelines: 
APM 
Definition/method of calculation 
Reconciliation with Financial Statements 
Debt/capital 
This ratio is used to measure the Group's capital 
structure, financial solvency and degree of 
leverage. 
Calculated as debt divided by capital. 
Debt comprises bank overdraft, short-term 
loans, current maturity of long-term loans and 
long-term loans (each as set out in the 
consolidated statement of financial position in 
the 2021 Group Financial Statements). 
 
 
Capital comprises total equity (as set out in the 
consolidated statement of financial position in 
the 2021 Group Financial Statements). 
EBITDA (and adjusted 
EBITDA) 
The Group's or, as the case may be, Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties' earnings before interest, tax, 
non-controlling 
interests, 
depreciation, 
amortisation, impairment and other exceptional 
items of charges or credits that are one-off in 
nature and significance and used to measure the 
Group's or, as the case may be, Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties' operating profitability. To ensure 
consistency and relevance of EBITDA as a 
measure of operating performance, EBITDA has 
been adjusted with the impact of fixed rent 
expense, which has been derecognised on 
adoption of IFRS 16 in 2019. 
See "Summary of Group Financial Information 
– EBITDA and Other Ratios" (for the Group) 
and "Summary of Majid Al Futtaim Properties 
Financial Information – EBITDA" (for Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties). 
EBITDA/interest 
Also known as the EBITDA interest coverage 
ratio, this ratio is used to assess the Group's 
ability to pay its interest expenses. 
Calculated as EBITDA divided by net finance 
costs. 
For EBITDA, see above (EBITDA). 
 
 
Net finance costs are finance costs (excluding 
interest expense on lease liabilities and 
capitalised interest on development expenditure) 
less finance income (each as set out in Note 13.2 
to the 2021 Group Financial Statements). 
EBITDA margin 
This ratio is used to measure the Group's 
operating profit as a percentage of its revenue in 
order to analyse the Group's operational 
efficiency. 
Calculated as EBITDA divided by revenue. 
For EBITDA, see above (EBITDA). 
Revenue is as set out in the consolidated 
statement 
of 
profit 
or 
loss 
and 
other 
comprehensive income in the 2021 Group 
Financial Statements. 
LTV 
The loan to value (or LTV) ratio provides an 
assessment of lending risk. Generally, a high 
LTV indicates a high level of lending risk. 
Calculated as net debt divided by tangible fixed 
assets. 
Net debt comprises bank overdraft, current 
maturity of long-term loans and long-term loans 
less cash in hand and at bank (each as set out in 
the consolidated statement of financial position 
in the 2021 Group Financial Statements). 
 
 
Tangible fixed assets comprise property, plant 
and equipment, investment properties and right-
of-use assets (each as set out in the consolidated 
statement of financial position in the 2021 Group 
Financial Statements). 
Net debt/EBITDA 
This ratio is a measurement of the Group's 
leverage. 
Calculated as net debt divided by EBITDA. 
For net debt, see above (LTV).

--- Page 13 ---
10228766588-v34 
- xiii - 
75-41033197 
 
APM 
Definition/method of calculation 
Reconciliation with Financial Statements 
For EBITDA, see above (EBITDA). 
Net debt/equity (or total 
net debt to total equity) 
Also known as the gearing ratio, this ratio 
indicates the proportion of shareholders' equity 
to net debt being used by the Group to finance 
its assets. 
Calculated as net debt divided by total equity. 
For net debt, see above (LTV). 
Total equity is as set out in the consolidated 
statement of financial position in the 2021 Group 
Financial Statements. 
Operating income 
This is a measure of the Group's profitability. 
Calculated as revenue less cost of sales. 
 
 
Revenue and cost of sales are as set out in the 
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income in the 2021 Group 
Financial Statements. 
Operating margin 
This is a measure of the Group's profitability. 
Calculated as profit before tax divided by 
revenue. 
 
 
Profit before tax and revenue are as set out in the 
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income in the 2021 Group 
Financial Statements. 
Sales margin 
This indicates the amount of profit generated 
from the sale of a product or service. 
Calculated as gross profit divided by revenue. 
Gross profit is calculated as revenue minus cost 
of sales. 
Revenue and cost of sales are as set out in the 
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income in the 2021 Group 
Financial Statements. 
Tangible net worth 
This indicates the net worth of the Group (i.e., 
an approximation of the liquidation value of the 
Group). 
Calculated as total assets less total liabilities. 
Total assets and total liabilities are as set out in 
the consolidated statement of financial position 
in the 2021 Group Financial Statements.

--- Page 14 ---
10228766588-v34 
- xiv - 
75-41033197 
 
PRESENTATION OF OTHER INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, references to: 
• 
"Abu Dhabi", "Dubai", "Sharjah", "Fujairah" and "Ajman" are to the Emirates of Abu Dhabi, 
Dubai, Sharjah, Fujairah and Ajman, respectively; 
• 
"AED" or "dirham" are to the lawful currency of the UAE. One dirham equals 100 fils; 
• 
"Carrefour" are to Carrefour France SA and Carrefour Nederland BV and (when referring to the 
Group's stores) include reference to the Group's Carrefour stores in Pakistan which are branded as 
"Hyperstar"; 
• 
"EUR", "euro" or "€" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 
of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended from time to time; 
• 
"GCC" are to the Gulf Cooperation Council countries comprising the Kingdom of Bahrain 
("Bahrain"), the State of Kuwait ("Kuwait"), the Sultanate of Oman ("Oman"), the State of Qatar 
("Qatar"), the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia ("Saudi Arabia") and the United Arab Emirates (the 
"UAE"); 
• 
"Group" are to Majid Al Futtaim Holding and its consolidated subsidiaries, associates and joint 
ventures; 
• 
"Majid Al Futtaim Cinemas" are to Majid Al Futtaim Cinemas LLC; 
• 
"Majid Al Futtaim Finance" are to Majid Al Futtaim Finance LLC; 
• 
"Majid Al Futtaim LEC" are to the Majid Al Futtaim Leisure, Entertainment and Cinemas sector 
of the Group; 
• 
"Majid Al Futtaim Leisure and Entertainment" are to Majid Al Futtaim Leisure and 
Entertainment LLC; 
• 
"Majid Al Futtaim Global Solutions" are to Majid Al Futtaim Global Solutions LLC; 
• 
"Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle" are to Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle LLC; 
• 
"Majid Al Futtaim Properties" are to Majid Al Futtaim Properties LLC and, unless the context 
does not permit, include its subsidiaries; 
• 
"Majid Al Futtaim Retail" are to Majid Al Futtaim Retail LLC and, unless the context does not 
permit, include its subsidiaries; 
• 
"Majid Al Futtaim Ventures" are to Majid Al Futtaim Ventures LLC and, unless the context 
does not permit, include its subsidiaries. With effect from 1 January 2021, Majid Al Futtaim 
Ventures was restructured and its operations were segregated under two operational entities – 
Majid Al Futtaim LEC and Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle; 
• 
a "Member State" are, unless the context does not permit, references to a Member State of the 
European Economic Area; 
• 
the "MENA region" are to the Middle East and North Africa region and include Pakistan; and 
• 
"U.S.$" or "U.S. dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States. 
The dirham has been pegged to the U.S. dollar since 22 November 1980. The mid-point between the official 
buying and selling rates for the dirham is at a fixed rate of AED 3.6725 = U.S.$1.00. All U.S. dollar 
translations of dirham amounts appearing in this Base Prospectus have been translated at this fixed 
exchange rate. Such translations should not be construed as representations that dirham amounts have been 
or could be converted into U.S. dollars at this or any other rate of exchange.

--- Page 15 ---
10228766588-v34 
- xv - 
75-41033197 
 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly figures shown in the same category presented in different tables in this Base Prospectus and 
the Financial Statements may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an 
arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, data in relation to footfall, hotel occupancy levels and population in territories in 
which the Group operates are sourced from the Group's internal data unless otherwise stated. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be "forward-looking statements". Forward-
looking statements include statements concerning Majid Al Futtaim Properties' or, as the case may be, 
Majid Al Futtaim Holding's plans, objectives, goals, strategies and future operations and performance and 
the assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements. When used in this Base Prospectus, the 
words "anticipates", "estimates", "expects", "believes", "intends", "plans", "aims", "seeks", "may", "will", 
"should" and any similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking 
statements are contained in the sections entitled "Risk Factors", "Group Financial Review", "Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties Financial Review" and "Description of the Group" and other sections of this Base 
Prospectus. Each of Majid Al Futtaim Properties and Majid Al Futtaim Holding has based these forward-
looking statements on the current view of its management with respect to future events and financial 
performance. Although Majid Al Futtaim Properties or, as the case may be, Majid Al Futtaim Holding 
believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward-looking statements are 
reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, 
including those identified below or which Majid Al Futtaim Properties or Majid Al Futtaim Holding have 
otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' or, as the case may 
be, Majid Al Futtaim Holding's underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties' or, as the case may be, Majid Al Futtaim Holding's actual results of operation may vary 
from those expected, estimated or predicted. Investors are therefore strongly advised to read the sections 
"Risk Factors", "Group Financial Review", "Majid Al Futtaim Properties Financial Review" and 
"Description of the Group", which include a more detailed description of the factors that might have an 
impact on the Group's business development and on the industry sector in which the Group operates. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
• 
the economic and political conditions in the markets in which the Group operates; 
• 
increased exposure to adverse events affecting any part of the Group's business due to the inter-
dependence of the Group's businesses; 
• 
the Group's ability to successfully manage the growth of its business; 
• 
operational risks that may arise as a result of the Group companies being party to a number of joint 
ventures and franchise arrangements; and 
• 
limitations on the Group's flexibility in operating its businesses due to restrictions contained in debt 
agreements. 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, 
but are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors". 
Any forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations (including, 
without limitation, the Central Bank's and Euronext Dublin's rules and regulations regarding ongoing 
disclosure obligations), each of Majid Al Futtaim Properties and Majid Al Futtaim Holding expressly 
disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates 
or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations 
thereof or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such forward-looking statement 
is based.

--- Page 16 ---
10228766588-v34 
 
75-41033197 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 2 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 8 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 37 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 39 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................. 43 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 55 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 102 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER........................................................................................................... 103 
SUMMARY OF GROUP FINANCIAL INFORMATION ...................................................................... 105 
GROUP FINANCIAL REVIEW ............................................................................................................. 108 
SUMMARY OF MAJID AL FUTTAIM PROPERTIES FINANCIAL INFORMATION ...................... 120 
MAJID AL FUTTAIM PROPERTIES FINANCIAL REVIEW.............................................................. 123 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP ........................................................................................................... 133 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES ................................................................................................... 167 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ 172 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 176 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS .......................... 178 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 189

--- Page 17 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 2 - 
75-41033197 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This description must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus. Any decision to invest in any 
Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, including the documents 
incorporated by reference, by any investor. The following description does not purport to be complete and 
is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to 
the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, is completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this description. 
Issuer: 
MAF Global Securities Limited. 
 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
54930037VUDNYTS17017. 
 
Guarantors: 
Majid Al Futtaim Holding LLC. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties LLC. 
 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme and the Guarantors' ability to fulfil their 
respective obligations under the Guarantee. In addition, 
there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out 
under "Risk Factors". 
 
Description: 
Global Medium Term Note Programme. 
 
Arrangers: 
Barclays Bank PLC 
Emirates NBD Bank P.J.S.C. 
 
 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank PLC 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Emirates NBD Bank P.J.S.C. 
First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC 
HSBC Bank plc 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
Standard Chartered Bank 
UBS AG London Branch 
 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect 
of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be 
issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, 
guidelines, 
regulations, 
restrictions 
or 
reporting 
requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions") including 
the following restrictions applicable at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United 
Kingdom, constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19

--- Page 18 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 3 - 
75-41033197 
 
of the FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at 
least £100,000 (or if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than sterling, the equivalent amount in 
such currency), see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions". 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and 
Agent Bank: 
Citibank, N.A. 
 
Trustee: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
 
Programme Size: 
Up to U.S.$3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Issuer and the 
Guarantors may increase the amount of the Programme 
in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series 
may comprise one or more Tranches issued on different 
issue dates. The Notes of each Series will all be subject 
to identical terms, except that the issue date and the 
amount of the first payment of interest may be different 
in respect of the different Tranches. The Notes of each 
Tranche will be subject to identical terms in all respects, 
save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different 
denominations. 
 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, 
Notes may be denominated in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Redenomination: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain 
Notes may be redenominated in euro. The relevant 
provisions applicable to any such redenomination are 
contained in Condition 5. 
 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to 
such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or a partly-paid 
basis and at an issue price which is at par or at a discount 
to, or premium over, par. The price and amount of Notes 
to be issued will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as 
described in "Form of the Notes". Registered Notes will 
not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant

--- Page 19 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 4 - 
75-41033197 
 
Dealer and, on redemption, will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms as agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer for each Series of Fixed Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate 
determined: 
 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a 
notional interest rate swap transaction in the 
relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., or the 
latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix 
(as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, each as 
published by ISDA (or any successor) on its 
website (http://www.isda.org), on the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series); or 
 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a Reference Rate appearing on 
the agreed screen page of a commercial 
quotation service. If a Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to the relevant Reference Rate when 
any Rate of Interest remains to be determined 
by such Reference Rate, then the provision set 
out 
in 
Condition 
6.2(i) 
(Benchmark 
Replacement) shall apply; or 
 
 
(c) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate set out 
in the applicable Final Terms and as will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each 
Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Other provisions in relation to Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest 
Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of 
such Day Count Fraction, set out in the applicable Final 
Terms and as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be offered and sold under the 
Programme. Such Notes will be sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the 
relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than in specified instalments, if 
applicable, or for taxation reasons or following an Event 
of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders (including

--- Page 20 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 5 - 
75-41033197 
 
following the occurrence of a Change of Control Event 
as described below) upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date 
or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a 
price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The terms of 
any such redemption, including notice periods, any 
relevant conditions to be satisfied will be indicated in the 
Conditions. The relevant redemption dates and prices 
will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Notes may 
be redeemable in two or more instalments of such 
amounts and on such dates as are indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be 
subject to restrictions on their denomination and 
distribution, see "—Certain Restrictions - Notes having 
a maturity of less than one year" above. 
 
Change of Control: 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
investor will have the right to require the redemption of 
its Notes upon Majid Al Futtaim Capital LLC ceasing to 
be the ultimate owner (either directly or indirectly) of 
more than 50 per cent. of the share capital of Majid Al 
Futtaim Holding. 
 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
save that the minimum denomination of each Note will 
be such amount as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency, see "—Certain Restrictions—Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year" above, and save 
that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted 
to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or 
offered to the public in a Member State in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
EU Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
 
 
The minimum aggregate principal amount of Notes 
which may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 
144A is U.S.$200,000 (or the approximate equivalent 
thereof in any other currency). 
 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, 
the minimum denomination of each Definitive IAI 
Registered Note will be U.S.$500,000 or its approximate 
equivalent in other Specified Currencies. 
 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made 
without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes 
imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in 
Condition 9. In the event that any such deduction is 
made, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantors 
will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in

--- Page 21 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 6 - 
75-41033197 
 
Condition 9, be required to pay additional amounts to 
cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledges and other Covenants: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge and, 
if specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, other covenants as further described in Condition 
4. 
 
Cross Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default 
provision as further described in Condition 11. 
 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will 
rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with 
all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated 
obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding. 
 
Guarantee: 
The Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by the 
Guarantors. The obligations of each Guarantor under the 
Guarantee will be direct, unconditional and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of 
the relevant Guarantor and will rank pari passu and 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by 
law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other 
than subordinated obligations, if any) of such Guarantor 
from time to time outstanding. 
 
Rating: 
The rating of certain Series of the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors 
are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
if such rating is not: (1) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation; or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation; or (3) provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA which is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation. 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not: (1) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation; or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation; or (3) provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the UK which is certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
Listing and admission to trading: 
This Base Prospectus, as approved by the Central Bank, 
in accordance with the requirements of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, comprises a Base Prospectus for 
the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and for 
the purpose of giving information with regard to the 
issue of Notes issued under this Programme, during the

--- Page 22 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 7 - 
75-41033197 
 
period of twelve months after the date hereof. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for such 
Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin. 
 
Application has also been made to the DFSA for Notes 
issued under the Programme during the period of 12 
months from the date hereof to be admitted to the Dubai 
Official List for such Notes to be admitted to trading on 
Nasdaq Dubai. 
 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case 
may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in 
relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes will be governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law. 
 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC 
or, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, any other 
clearing system. 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of 
the Notes in the United States, the EEA, the United 
Kingdom, the Cayman Islands, Japan, the United Arab 
Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial 
Centre), the Dubai International Financial Centre, the 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the Kingdom of Bahrain, the 
State of Qatar, Singapore Hong Kong, the People's 
Republic of China and Malaysia and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". 
 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. Rule 144A and Section 
4(a)(2) 
and 
TEFRA 
C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA 
not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 23 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 8 - 
75-41033197 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Each of the Issuer, Majid Al Futtaim Properties and Majid Al Futtaim Holding believes that the factors 
described below represent the risks inherent in investing in the Notes, but the inability of the Issuer to pay 
any amounts on or in connection with any Note may occur for other reasons and none of the Issuer, Majid 
Al Futtaim Properties or Majid Al Futtaim Holding represents that the statements below regarding the 
risks of holding any Note are exhaustive. There may also be other considerations, including some which 
may not be presently known to the Issuer, Majid Al Futtaim Properties or Majid Al Futtaim Holding or 
which the Issuer, Majid Al Futtaim Properties or Majid Al Futtaim Holding currently deems immaterial, 
that may impact any investment in Notes. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. Words and expressions defined in 
"Overview of the Programme", "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this section. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The Issuer has a limited operating history 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle and, with the exception of issuances under the Programme, has no 
operating history. The Issuer will not engage in any business activity other than the issuance of Notes and 
the issuance of securities under other borrowing programmes established from time to time by Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties and Majid Al Futtaim Holding, the making of loans to Majid Al Futtaim Properties and 
Majid Al Futtaim Holding or other companies controlled by Majid Al Futtaim Properties and Majid Al 
Futtaim Holding and other activities incidental or related to the foregoing or as required under the 
Transaction Documents. 
The Issuer is not expected to have any income but will receive payments from Majid Al Futtaim Properties 
and Majid Al Futtaim Holding and/or from other companies controlled by Majid Al Futtaim Properties and 
Majid Al Futtaim Holding in respect of loans made by the Issuer to those companies, which will be the only 
material sources of funds available to meet the claims of the Noteholders. Therefore, the Issuer is subject 
to all the risks to which each of Majid Al Futtaim Properties and Majid Al Futtaim Holding is subject to 
the extent that such risks could limit Majid Al Futtaim Properties' or Majid Al Futtaim Holding's ability to 
satisfy in full and on a timely basis their respective obligations under the Transaction Documents to which 
they are a party. See "Risks Factors – Risks Relating to the Group", "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to Majid 
Al Futtaim Properties", "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to Majid Al Futtaim Retail" and "Risk Factors – 
Risks Relating to Majid Al Futtaim LEC" for a further description of these risks. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP 
The risks set out below apply to all of the Group's businesses. In addition, certain specific risks apply to 
the particular businesses carried on by Majid Al Futtaim Properties and Majid Al Futtaim Retail and these 
are discussed separately below. 
All of the Group's businesses have been adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic 
The macroeconomic environment (both globally and within the MENA region) has been materially affected 
by the novel coronavirus disease, COVID-19, which was first identified in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China 
in late 2019 (the "COVID-19 pandemic"). Since then, COVID-19 has spread rapidly, infecting people 
globally and causing a substantial number of deaths around the world, leading the World Health 
Organisation to declare the outbreak a global pandemic on 11 March 2020. Almost all countries that were 
significantly affected, including countries within the MENA region (and in which the Group has a 
presence), introduced measures to try to contain the spread of the virus, including border closures and 
restricting the movement of their citizens. These measures resulted in the temporary closure of numerous 
businesses in those countries and widespread job losses. To address these factors many governments 
introduced significant support programmes for qualifying citizens and businesses. 
For instance, in the UAE, both the Federal government and the Abu Dhabi government announced a range 
of support measures, including a federal programme of reduced utility bills for entities in the tourism, 
hospitality and trade sectors as well as Abu Dhabi measures to: (a) subsidise water and electricity for

--- Page 24 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 9 - 
75-41033197 
 
citizens and commercial and industrial activities; (b) provide up to 20 per cent. rental rebates for the 
restaurant, tourism and entertainment sectors; and (c) suspend tourism and municipality fees for 2020 in 
the tourism and entertainment sectors. 
COVID-19 has been an unprecedented and fast-moving crisis which continues to have a far-reaching global 
impact and it is likely to lead to long-term or permanent change in behaviours which will affect the Group's 
businesses and society more broadly. The progress in producing and administering vaccines through 2021 
has resulted in gradual relaxation of social distancing rules, leading to improved economic activity. 
However, the economic situation remains highly fluid globally and will be determined by factors that 
continue to evolve, such as the availability of vaccines, the resurgence of COVID-19 variants, the success 
of support measures introduced by governments, the ability of businesses to manage their operations during 
these times and the effectiveness of public policies intended to contain the spread. 
The Group operates principally in the mall operations, hospitality, retail and leisure and entertainment 
services sectors (see further "Description of the Group – Overview"). To-date, the impact of COVID-19 on 
the Group's operations has been as follows: 
• 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties – shopping mall operations: 
2021 
The Group's mall operations in Bahrain and Oman were temporarily closed for various periods 
mainly between May 2021 and June 2021 while a shopping mall in Lebanon was temporarily 
closed from January 2021 to February 2021. In addition, shopping malls across all geographies 
were mandated to operate at reduced capacity/reduced hours for various periods between January 
2021 and June 2021. In the prior year, the Group's shopping malls across all geographies where 
the Group operates were closed for various periods, mainly between March 2020 and December 
2020. As a result, rental income of AED 27 million (compared to AED 381 million in 2020) was 
not recognised during the 2021 closure periods. 
2020 
In 2020, the Group's mall operations were significantly impacted as a result of: (a) border closures 
resulting in reduced visitors to the countries in which the Group operates (for instance, according 
to data made available by the Department of Tourism and Commerce, overnight visitors to Dubai 
decreased by 67.0 per cent. in 2020 compared to 20191); (b) temporary closures (for instance, the 
Group's shopping malls in the UAE were closed from 25 March 2020 to 24 April 2020); (c) 
restrictions on customer occupancy (for instance, although malls in the UAE were re-opened in 
April 2020, they were limited to 30 per cent. capacity); and (d) rent deferrals and rebates, in each 
case, as mandated by the relevant authorities and governments. As a result, footfall in the Group's 
shopping malls decreased by 29.6 per cent. in 2020 compared to 2019 although, due to proactive 
management by the Group (including through rent deferrals and rebates), tenant occupancy at the 
Group's malls remained fairly stable. 
• 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties – hotel operations: 
2021 
the Group's hotel operations in the UAE and Bahrain operated at reduced capacity for various 
lengths during 2021 and a hotel in Bahrain was temporarily closed during the summer months. In 
the prior 2020 period, the Group's hotel operations in the UAE and Bahrain were temporarily 
suspended for longer periods (see further "Description of the Group – Majid Al Futtaim Properties 
– Hotels Business Unit – Operating hotels"). 
2020 
In 2020, the Group's hotel operations were significantly impacted for similar reasons as its mall 
operations (in particular, border closures and restrictions on customer occupancy). For instance, 
average hotel occupancy in Dubai declined to 54 per cent. in 2020 compared to 75 per cent. in 
 
1 
Source: Department of Tourism and Commerce, "Tourism Performance Report Jan-Dec 2020" and "Annual Visitor Report 2019", 
https://www.dubaitourism.gov.ae/en/research-and-insights (accessed 16 February 2021).

--- Page 25 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 10 - 
75-41033197 
 
20192. The occupancy rate of the Group's hotels decreased by 60 per cent. in 2020 compared to 
2019 while the Group's average revenue per available room ("RevPAR", which is calculated by 
multiplying the average daily rate by the occupancy rate over a given period) decreased by 61 per 
cent. in 2020 compared to 2019. 
• 
Majid Al Futtaim LEC: 
2021 
since the Group's leisure and entertainment sites have experienced extended closure periods in 
Kuwait, Bahrain, Lebanon, Abu Dhabi and Qatar, the sites currently open are operating at limited 
capacities. In the prior 2020 year, the Group's cinemas, leisure and entertainment sites were closed 
across all territories for various periods. See also "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group – 
The Group's businesses expose it to health and safety risks". 
2020 
In 2020, this segment was impacted for similar reasons as the mall operations segment. As a result 
of these factors, Majid Al Futtaim Ventures' revenue decreased by 48.9 per cent. in 2020 compared 
to 2019. In addition, since leisure and entertainment services are predominantly provided through 
in-person interactions between the Group's employees and customers, the Group also had to 
implement additional safeguards and protocols to ensure the safety of its employees and customers. 
• 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail: 
2021 
the Group's revenue decreased slightly by 6 per cent. in 2021 compared to 2020. The Group started 
the year facing continued geopolitical and economic headwinds The trend had reversed by June 
2021, buoyed by increased tourism and again in September 2021 as the commencement of EXPO 
2020 approached, although the business continued to be impacted throughout the remainder of the 
year. In comparison, the financial performance of Majid Al Futtaim Retail benefited from 
household overstocking during the early days of the pandemic in 2020. 
2020 
In 2020, the Group's retail operations were not as severely impacted as the other segments 
principally due to online ordering and home-delivery processes. As a result of these factors, Majid 
Al Futtaim Retail's revenue decreased slightly by 0.6 per cent. in 2020 compared to 2019 (with 
online sales increasing by 188 per cent. over the same period). Similar to the Group's leisure and 
entertainment services, the Group had to implement additional safeguards and protocols to ensure 
the safety of its employees and customers. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, although vaccination drives have commenced globally, the ultimate 
impact of the pandemic (including the impact of any new COVID-19 variants) on global and local 
economies is uncertain. Accordingly, the Group may be further materially adversely affected by COVID-
19 and/or the measures enacted in various jurisdictions to contain its spread, including: 
• 
overall macroeconomic impact on the jurisdictions in which the Group has operations (see further 
"Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group – All of the Group's businesses are affected by the 
economic and political conditions in the markets in which they operate"); and 
• 
impact on the Group's counterparties (such as ability of the tenants in the Group's malls to pay 
rental on time or at all) or any lasting impact on consumer behaviour (for instance, a sustained shift 
away from in-person retail to online retail), 
each of which may further exacerbate the impact on the Group and could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
2 
Source: 
Department 
of 
Tourism 
and 
Commerce, 
"Tourism 
Performance 
Report 
Jan-Dec 
2020", 
https://www.dubaitourism.gov.ae/en/research-and-insights (accessed 16 February 2021).

--- Page 26 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 11 - 
75-41033197 
 
It should also be noted that the impact of COVID-19, including actions taken to contain it, might heighten 
many of the other risks set out in "Risk Factors", including through increasing both the probability of 
negative impact as well as the severity of such impact. 
All of the Group's businesses are affected by the economic and political conditions in the markets in 
which they operate 
All of the Group's businesses are, and will continue to be, affected by economic and political developments 
in or affecting the UAE and the MENA region. The Group currently has a significant proportion of its 
operations and interests in the UAE, with a particular focus on Dubai (see further "Risk Factors – Risks 
Relating to the Group – As the Group derives the majority of its revenue and EBITDA from its activities in 
the UAE, it is particularly exposed to any adverse developments affecting the UAE and Dubai in 
particular"). Investors should also note that the Group's business and financial performance could be 
materially adversely affected by political, economic or related developments outside the MENA region 
because of inter-relationships within the global financial markets. 
For instance, while the UAE is currently seen as a relatively stable political environment, certain other 
jurisdictions in the Middle East are not and there is a risk that regional geopolitical instability could impact 
the UAE. Further, there is no guarantee that the UAE will continue to have a stable political environment 
in the future. Several countries in the region are currently subject to armed conflicts and/or social and 
political unrest, including conflicts or disturbances in Yemen, Syria, Libya and Iraq, as well as the 
multinational conflict with 'Da'esh' (also referred to as the 'Islamic State'). In some instances, the recent and 
ongoing conflicts are a continuation of the significant political and military upheaval experienced by certain 
regional countries from 2011 onwards, commonly referred to as the 'Arab Spring', which gave rise to several 
instances of regime change and increased political uncertainty across the region. In addition, tensions have 
persisted between the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and Iran, as exemplified in January 2016 by the Kingdom 
of Saudi Arabia recalling its ambassador to Iran. Furthermore, in March 2015, a coalition of countries, led 
by the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and supported by the international community, commenced military action 
against the Al-Houthi rebels in Yemen. Although the coalition scaled back its military operations in Yemen 
in March 2016 and a ceasefire was declared in April 2016, the conflict in Yemen is not yet fully resolved, 
military operations continue at a reduced scale. Both the UAE and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia was 
targeted on several occasions by ballistic missiles fired by the Al-Houthi rebels in Yemen over the last 
several years, and oil and gas processing facilities in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia have been damaged, in 
major acts of sabotage (notably on 14 September 2019, when the Abqaiq processing facility and the Khurais 
processing facility in Saudi Arabia were damaged, resulting in the temporary interruption of Saudi Arabia's 
oil and gas production). In the UAE, a fuel depot in the Mussafah neighbourhood of Abu Dhabi was targeted 
by a missile strike on 17 January 2022. 
More generally, since 2011, the prospect of a nuclear Iran has been at the centre of international geopolitical 
discourse. The comprehensive agreement between the UN Security Council's five permanent members plus 
Germany and Iran that was reached on July 2015 (the "Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action") provides 
for relief from international (mainly United States and EU) economic sanctions in return for a reduction by 
Iran in its nuclear capabilities, and supervision by the International Atomic Energy Agency (the "IAEA"). 
After the IAEA confirmed that Iran had met the relevant requirements of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of 
Action, certain economic sanctions were lifted on 16 January 2016 with a view to improving Iran's standing 
in the international community. However, certain other sanctions remain in place and the United States 
imposed certain additional sanctions on Iran in July 2017 relating to Iran's ballistic missile programme, 
human rights matters, arms sales and Iran's Revolutionary Guard Corps. On 8 May 2018, the United States 
announced its withdrawal from the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, reinstating U.S. sanctions on the 
Iranian regime. The United States also announced that it would not renew exceptional waivers for importing 
Iranian oil for several oil-importing countries from May 2019. Since May 2019, a number of incidents in 
and around the Gulf have occurred, including the alleged seizure of three oil tankers by Iran. On 2 January 
2020, the United States carried out a military strike which killed a senior Iranian military commander. As 
a result of this military strike, Iran launched missiles at a U.S. base in Iraq. In the fourth quarter of 2020, 
prior to the inauguration of his presidency, U.S. President Joe Biden stated that the United States may re-
join the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action and lift the reinstated sanctions should Iran return to strict 
compliance with the terms of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. On 3 December 2020, Iran 
announced that it would not accept these preconditions over its nuclear programme and that the United 
States must return to the position previously agreed under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action before 
further negotiation between the parties could take place. On 4 January 2021, the IAEA reported that Iran 
had begun retaliating against the continuing U.S. sanctions by resuming the process of enriching uranium

--- Page 27 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 12 - 
75-41033197 
 
to 20 per cent. purity, which can be used to create nuclear weapons, in breach of the Joint Comprehensive 
Plan of Action. Any continuation or increase in international or regional tensions regarding Iran, including 
further attacks on or seizures of oil tankers which disrupt international trade and any impairment of trade 
flow through the Strait of Hormuz, or any military conflict, could have a destabilising impact on the Gulf 
region, including with respect to the UAE and, in particular, its ability to export oil and maintain its security 
more generally. 
On 5 June 2017, three Gulf Cooperation Council (the "GCC") countries – the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, 
the UAE and Bahrain – as well as Egypt, Yemen and a number of African countries – severed diplomatic 
ties with Qatar, cut trade and transport links and imposed sanctions based on evidence of Qatar's support to 
terrorist and extremist organisations. Measures taken by the affected countries included the closure of land, 
sea and air links to Qatar, and requesting certain Qatari officials, residents and visitors to leave the territories 
of the affected countries. In January 2021, at the annual GCC summit, and further to diplomatic efforts led 
by Kuwait and the United States, among others, the leaders of the six members of the GCC signed the Al-
Ula Declaration, a "solidarity and stability" agreement aimed at ending the diplomatic rift with Qatar, 
although diplomatic tensions with Qatar remain. Saudi Arabia and the UAE have announced the opening 
of air, land and sea entry points to Qatar. As part of the Al-Ula Declaration, the parties committed to the 
attempt to terminate all complaints and disputes between themselves by the end of the first year from the 
signing of the agreement. Bahrain re-opened its airspace to Qatar as of 11 January 2021. 
These geopolitical events may contribute to instability in the Middle East and surrounding regions (that 
may or may not directly involve the UAE) and may have a material adverse effect on the UAE's 
attractiveness for foreign investment and capital, its ability to engage in international trade and, 
subsequently, its economy and financial condition, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. It is not possible to predict 
the occurrence of events or circumstances, such as war or hostilities, or the impact of such occurrences, and 
no assurance can be given that the Group would be able to sustain the operations of its business or its current 
profit levels if adverse political events or circumstances were to occur (particularly in countries where the 
Group has operations). 
In addition, the macro-economic environment may be impacted by continued geopolitical tensions and 
uncertainties caused by events such as the Russian encroachment into the Ukraine, rising tensions between 
Russia and Sweden and Finland and increased military activity in the Baltic Sea, as well as the potential 
for the continuation of global trade wars between key economic powers. Accordingly, the market value of 
any Notes issued may fluctuate for reasons unrelated to the financial performance of the Group. Investors 
should exercise particular care in evaluating the risks involved and must decide for themselves whether, in 
the light of those risks, their investment is appropriate. Generally, investment in emerging markets is only 
suitable for sophisticated investors who fully appreciate the significance of the risks involved. 
As the Group derives the majority of its revenue and EBITDA from its activities in the UAE, it is 
particularly exposed to any adverse developments affecting the UAE and Dubai in particular 
For the financial year ended 31 December 2021, 48.9 per cent. of the Group's revenue and 59.0 per cent. of 
the Group's EBITDA (compared to 47.6 per cent. of the Group's revenue and 60.2 per cent. of the Group's 
EBITDA for the financial year ended 31 December 2020) were attributable to its operations in the UAE, 
principally Dubai. This reflects the fact that a significant proportion of the Group's malls and Carrefour 
stores and 11 of its 13 hotels which are currently operating are located in the UAE. In part, this is due to 
the fact that Dubai is a significant tourist destination. As a result, the Group is particularly exposed to 
adverse events affecting the UAE and Dubai in particular, including events which impact Dubai's 
attractiveness as a tourist destination and to the occurrence of factors that result in a decline in consumer 
spending in the UAE, such as a downturn in general economic conditions, an increase in the cost of living, 
an increase in unemployment or a decline in tourism or business travel to Dubai. The occurrence of any or 
all of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
All of the Group's businesses are affected by consumer behaviour 
All of the Group's businesses are, and will continue to be, affected by changes in consumer demands and 
behaviours. For instance, the Group's businesses may be impacted by lower consumer spending which may, 
in turn, be attributable to extraneous factors such as the general politico-economic conditions that affect 
purchasing power and disposable income (see further "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group – All of

--- Page 28 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 13 - 
75-41033197 
 
the Group's businesses have been adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic" and "Risk Factors – Risks 
Relating to the Group – All of the Group's businesses are affected by the economic and political conditions 
in the markets in which they operate"). Alternatively, lower consumer spending may be attributable to 
consumer preference changes, any major change in demographics and/or any failure to anticipate, identify 
or react to these changes or offer high-quality appealing products could result in reduced demand. For 
instance, "digital disruptions" or innovations in platforms may cause changes in consumer demands and 
behaviours by offering real-time, personalised online engagement tools. According to data made available 
by Statista, the UAE's e-commerce industry is expected to grow from U.S.$7 billion in 2020 to U.S.$17 
billion by 2025, after adjustments for the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic have been factored-in3. Whilst 
an increase in e-commerce may not negatively impact the Group's revenues from its retail operations, it 
may affect the tenants in the Group's malls, particularly if the Group is unable to continue to successfully 
adjust its tenant mix to offer an attractive retail experience (including, for instance, destination attractions, 
food courts, cinemas and parking facilities with ease of access) (see also "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties – Majid Al Futtaim Properties' rental revenues depend upon its ability to find 
tenants for its shopping malls and offices and the ability of such tenants to fulfil their lease obligations as 
well as on Majid Al Futtaim Properties achieving an optimal tenant mix for its shopping malls. In addition, 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties is exposed to tenant concentration"). 
In order to compete in such circumstances, the Group may be required to make further expenditure or 
investments (such as marketing, customer incentives or pricing changes) (see further "Risk Factors – Risks 
Relating to the Group – The Group's businesses face significant competition in the markets in which they 
operate"). 
Any such change in consumer spending patterns and/or preferences could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group's businesses are inter-dependent to a significant extent and this could increase its 
exposure to adverse events affecting any part of its business 
The Group's businesses are inter-dependent to a significant extent and will be affected by factors that impact 
the retail industry as a whole (see "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to Majid Al Futtaim Retail"). For example, 
the financial performance of the Group's hypermarkets, other retail businesses, leisure and entertainment 
businesses and hotels are, in large part, dependent on the ability of the shopping malls in or close to which 
they are located to attract footfall. Conversely, the success of the Group's shopping malls is, to an extent, 
dependent on the extent to which its other businesses located in or close to the shopping malls act as an 
incentive to potential customers to visit the malls. As a result of this inter-dependence, adverse events 
affecting one part of the Group's business could also impact other parts of the business and therefore could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The interests of the Successor Shareholders may, in certain circumstances, be different from the 
interests of the Noteholders 
The Group's controlling shareholder, Mr. Majid Al Futtaim, who beneficially owned almost all of the shares 
in Majid Al Futtaim Holding (through his shareholding in Majid Al Futtaim Capital), died on 17 December 
2021. As a result, Dubai's ruler, HH Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, appointed a special 
judicial committee (the "committee") to, amongst other things, have exclusive jurisdiction to examine and 
adjudicate claims and legal disputes related to the estate of the late Mr. Majid Al Futtaim, including claims 
and legal disputes initiated by Mr. Majid Al Futtaim's heirs (the "Successor Shareholders"). The 
committee's role is to adjudicate any legal disputes related to Mr. Majid Al Futtaim's estate, but not to 
oversee the operations of the Group or its businesses. As such, the Group's businesses are continuing their 
operations whilst the distribution of Mr. Majid Al Futtaim's estate is being fully determined and the Group 
has not experienced any material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects as a result of Mr. Majid Al Futtaim's death. In April 2022, the committee determined that the 
Successor Shareholders would hold all of the share capital of Majid Al Futtaim Capital in the proportions 
determined by the committee, with no one Successor Shareholder holding a majority of the shares. As at 
 
3 
Source: Statista, "eCommerce – United Arab Emirates", https://www.statista.com/statistics/1201956/uae-forecasted-e-
commerce-market-size-covid-19/ (accessed 17 March 2022).

--- Page 29 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 14 - 
75-41033197 
 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the shares that had been beneficially owned by Mr. Majid Al Futtaim have 
been transferred to the relevant Successor Shareholders.  
Accordingly, the Successor Shareholders, through their interests in Majid Al Futtaim Capital, may be in a 
position to control the outcome of actions requiring shareholders' approval. They may also have the ability 
to approve the election of all new members of the board of directors (the "Board") of Majid Al Futtaim 
Holding and thus influence the Board's decisions. The interests of the Successor Shareholders may therefore 
be different from those of the Group's creditors (including the Noteholders). 
The Group's growth strategy depends on its ability to successfully manage its growth 
The Group's strategy of continuing to expand its existing operations in its target markets is dependent on a 
number of factors. These include its ability to: 
• 
identify suitable investments and/or development opportunities; 
• 
reach agreements with joint venture and strategic partners on terms satisfactory to it; 
• 
maintain, expand or develop relationships with customers, suppliers, contractors, lenders and other 
third parties; 
• 
increase the scope of its operational and financial systems to handle the increased complexity and 
expanded geographic area of operations; 
• 
secure adequate financing on commercially reasonable terms; 
• 
recruit, train and retain qualified staff to manage its growing business efficiently and without losing 
operational focus; and 
• 
obtain necessary permits or approvals from governmental authorities and agencies. 
These efforts will require significant capital and management resources, further development of the Group's 
financial and internal controls and information technology ("IT") systems, and additional training and 
recruitment of management and other key personnel. At the same time, the Group must maintain a 
consistent level of customer service across its operations to avoid loss of business or damage to its 
reputation. Any failure by the Group to manage its growth effectively could have a material adverse effect 
on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group's businesses face significant competition in the markets in which they operate 
Several of the markets in which the Group operates are highly competitive. In particular, the Group faces 
increased shopping mall and hotel competition in Dubai, where the majority of its business is concentrated. 
The population growth of Dubai from 1.3 million in 2005 (census figure) to an estimated 3.4 million in 
20204, along with the growth in business and leisure travel to Dubai, contributed to the opening and 
announced development of a number of new shopping malls and hotels over this period. The COVID-19 
pandemic has placed additional competitive pressure on these businesses (see further "Risk Factors – Risks 
Relating to the Group – All of the Group's businesses have been adversely affected in 2021 by the COVID-
19 pandemic"). The Group's Carrefour stores also face significant competition in many of the markets in 
which the Group operates, including the UAE and Saudi Arabia in particular. 
Certain of the Group's competitors may have greater financial, technical, marketing or other resources, 
either attributable to the scale of their operations or to their ownership. For instance, competitors that are 
controlled by regional governments may have easier access to prime land and infrastructure, government 
permits and licences and/or lower costs of capital. Such competitors may therefore be able to withstand 
price competition and volatility more successfully than the Group. Similarly, some of the Group's 
competitors in markets outside the UAE may have a deeper cultural understanding or longer or broader 
operational experience in such markets, which may reduce the time and therefore the costs necessary for 
 
4 
Source: 
Dubai 
Statistics 
Centre, 
"Population 
by 
Gender 
and 
Age 
Groups 
– 
Emirate 
of 
Dubai", 
https://www.dsc.gov.ae/Report/DSC_SYB_2020_01_01.pdf (accessed 17 March 2022).

--- Page 30 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 15 - 
75-41033197 
 
them to execute competing projects. Moreover, due to their deeper understanding of consumer behaviour 
in the region, such competitors may be able to attract and retain customers more effectively than the Group. 
In light of recent technological advancements, certain of the Group's competitors may adopt alternative 
channels of distribution (such as multichannel e-commerce) which may impact consumer behaviour and/or 
pricing paradigms in the industry. For instance, an increase in online shopping may impact the revenues of 
the Group's physical stores while a shift towards hotel aggregator sites may exert downward pressure on 
the Group's hotels business. 
As a result of the foregoing, the Group may not be able to achieve a market share that allows it to remain 
profitable or increase its market share in the markets in which it operates. Moreover, as a result of the 
foregoing, the Group's operating expenses may be higher than that of its competitors and, therefore, the 
Group may have less flexibility or resilience vis-à-vis its competitors in terms of responding to market 
pressures (including any market movements resulting from macroeconomic factors; see further "Risk 
Factors – Risks Relating to the Group – All of the Group's businesses are affected by the economic and 
political conditions in the markets in which they operate"). Accordingly, if the Group is unable to compete 
effectively, this could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The countries in which the Group operates may introduce new laws and regulations that adversely 
affect the way in which the Group is able to conduct its businesses 
The countries in which the Group operates are emerging market economies which are characterised by less 
comprehensive legal and regulatory environments. However, as these economies mature, the governments 
of these countries have begun, and the Group expects they will continue, to implement new laws and 
regulations which could impact the way the Group conducts many of its businesses. For instance, the laws 
of Dubai restrict the annual amount by which a landlord is legally able to increase rental charges on 
commercial premises. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the permitted rent increase is zero per cent., 5 
per cent., 10 per cent., 15 per cent. or 20 per cent. The actual percentage of the permitted rent increase 
(between this range of zero per cent. and 20 per cent.) is dependent on how low the existing rent of the unit 
is compared to the average market rent applicable to the unit as determined by the Dubai Real Estate 
Regulatory Agency. In the case of Majid Al Futtaim Properties, lease terms for anchor tenants typically do 
not exceed 10 years (except MAF Group companies, which typically have lease terms of between 10 and 
20 years), for major tenants from between five to 10 years and for line stores from between one to five 
years (see further "Description of the Group – Majid Al Futtaim Properties – Shopping Malls Business 
Units (SMBU and SMDBU) – Lease arrangements"). Therefore, although the market rents chargeable for 
its retail space may increase, Majid Al Futtaim Properties may be unable to fully realise any such increases 
from its existing tenants, which could adversely affect its profit margins, particularly if associated costs are 
rising at a faster rate than permissible and/or achievable rental rates. Similarly, the countries in which the 
Group operates may introduce more stringent environment regulations or labour policies, compliance with 
which may adversely impact the Group's operating costs. 
Furthermore, On 31 January 2022 the Ministry of Finance of the UAE announced the introduction of a 
federal corporate tax (the "CT") on business profits, effective from the financial year beginning 1 June 
2023. CT will be charged on the annual taxable income of a business as follows: (i) 0 per cent., for taxable 
income not exceeding AED 375,000; (ii) 9 per cent., for taxable income exceeding AED 375,000; and (iii) 
a different tax rate (not yet specified) for large multinationals that meet specific criteria set with reference 
to Pillar II of the OECD domestic tax base erosion and profit shifting mechanism. It is unclear at this stage 
what the impact of the CT might be on the Group, and the Group has had no clear indication at what rate it 
will be subject to the CT. However, given the Group is likely to fall within limb (iii) as outlined above, the 
imposition of a higher such rate of CT could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
There can be no assurance that if new tax or other laws or regulations were imposed in respect of the 
products and services offered by the Group it would not adversely affect the way in which the Group 
conducts its business. In addition, given the relatively illiquid nature of the Group's property assets, a 
change in law or regulation that results in the Group ceasing to conduct business in a particular country 
could result in a significant loss to the Group on the sale of its material properties in that country. 
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 31 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 16 - 
75-41033197 
 
The Group may operate in countries which are subject to international sanctions and operates in 
countries which are affected by terrorist activities and any failure to comply with these sanctions or 
the occurrence of any such terrorist activities could adversely affect the Group 
European, U.S. and other international sanctions have in the past been imposed on companies engaging in 
certain types of transactions with specified countries or companies or individuals in those countries. 
Companies operating in certain countries in the Middle East and Africa have been the subject of such 
sanctions in the past. The terms of legislation and other rules and regulations which establish sanctions 
regimes are often broad in scope and difficult to interpret. 
Although the Group has in the past conducted business activities in countries which have been subject to 
sanctions, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, no Group company is in violation of any existing European, 
U.S. or other international sanctions. Should any Group company in the future violate any existing or further 
European, U.S. or international sanctions, penalties could include a prohibition or limitation on such 
company's ability to conduct business in certain jurisdictions or on the Group's ability to access the U.S. or 
international capital markets. As such, the implementation of such penalties (either applied directly on the 
Group or indirectly on the Group's business partners), could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group has operations in Pakistan, which has, in recent times, been affected by terrorist activities. To 
the extent further terrorist acts are carried out, in particular in the cities where the Group has stores, this 
may adversely affect demand for its services or products in those areas, which may in turn have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Each of the Issuer and each Guarantor in the Programme Agreement has undertaken to ensure that any 
proceeds raised in connection with the issue of any Notes will not be lent, contributed or otherwise made 
available by the Issuer or either Guarantor to any person or entity for the purpose of financing the activities 
of any person or for the benefit of or in any country subject to any EU, Her Majesty's Treasury, the U.S. 
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury ("OFAC") or otherwise subject to 
any sanctions administered or enforced by or pursuant to OFAC ("Sanctions") at the time of such financing, 
lending, contribution or other provision as aforesaid or in any other manner that would result in a violation 
of Sanctions by any person. 
Many of the Group's businesses are subject to licensing requirements and any failure to obtain such 
licences or to comply with their terms could adversely affect the Group's businesses 
Many of the Group's businesses are subject to licensing requirements, both at the local and national level. 
Because of the complexities involved in procuring licences and permits, as well as in ensuring continued 
compliance with different and sometimes inconsistent local and national licensing regimes, the Group 
cannot give any assurance that it will at all times be in compliance with all of the licensing requirements to 
which it is subject although it is not aware of any material breaches that currently exist. Any failure by the 
Group to comply with applicable laws and regulations and to obtain and maintain requisite approvals, 
certifications, permits and licences, whether intentional or unintentional, could lead to substantial sanctions, 
including criminal, civil or administrative penalties, revocation of its licences and/or increased regulatory 
scrutiny, and liability for damages. It could also trigger a default under one or more of its financing 
agreements or invalidate or increase the cost of the insurance that the Group maintains for its businesses 
(insofar as it is covered for any consequential losses). For the most serious violations, it could also be forced 
to suspend operations until it obtains required approvals, certifications, permits or licences or otherwise 
brings its operations into compliance. In addition, any adverse publicity resulting from any compliance 
failure, particularly as regards the safety of its leisure and entertainment venues and the food sold in its 
Carrefour stores, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
Furthermore, changes to existing, or the introduction of new, laws or regulations or licensing requirements 
in the jurisdictions in which it operates are beyond the Group's control and may be influenced by political 
or commercial considerations not aligned with the Group's interests. Any such laws, regulations or licensing 
requirements could adversely affect its business by reducing its revenue and/or increasing its operating 
costs, and the Group may be unable to mitigate the impact of such changes. Any of these occurrences could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects.

--- Page 32 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 17 - 
75-41033197 
 
Group companies are party to a number of joint ventures and franchise arrangements which give 
rise to specific operational risks 
Group companies may enter into joint venture agreements for a number of reasons, including to gain access 
to land or where it is required to operate with a local partner in a particular jurisdiction. Joint venture 
transactions present certain operational risks, including the possibility that the joint venture partners may 
have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with those of the Group, may 
become bankrupt, may refuse to make additional investments that the Group deems necessary or desirable 
or may prove otherwise unwilling or unable to fulfil their obligations under the relevant joint venture 
agreements. In addition, there is a risk that such joint venture partners may ultimately become competitors 
of the Group. Many of the Group's joint venture partners are governmental agencies which exposes the 
Group to additional risks, including the need to satisfy both political and regulatory demands and the need 
to react to differences in focus or priorities between successive governments, both of which can lead to 
delays in decision making, increased costs and greater exposure to competition. 
To the extent that the Group does not control a joint venture, the joint venture partners may take action that 
is not in accordance with Group policies or objectives. Should a joint venture partner act contrary to the 
Group's interests, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
The Group's ability to expand successfully through joint ventures will depend upon the availability of 
suitable and willing joint venture partners, the Group's ability to consummate such transactions and the 
availability of financing on commercially acceptable terms. The Group cannot give any assurance that it 
will be successful in establishing any future joint ventures or that, once established, a joint venture will be 
profitable for the Group. If a joint venture is unsuccessful, the Group may be unable to recoup its initial 
investment and its financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
The Group's most significant joint venture is currently with Carrefour (see "Risk Factors – Risks Relating 
to Majid Al Futtaim Retail – Majid Al Futtaim Retail is dependent on its relationship with Carrefour and 
the market perception of Carrefour"). Certain matters identified in this joint venture agreement require the 
approval of Carrefour (see "Description of the Group – Majid Al Futtaim Retail – Agreements with 
Carrefour"). 
The Group is party to a number of franchise agreements, of which the most important is the franchise 
agreement with Carrefour. As such, the Group is exposed to the risk of such agreements not being renewed 
when they expire and to the risk of non-performance by the relevant franchisor, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Certain of the Group's debt agreements contain restrictions that may limit the flexibility of the Group 
in operating its businesses 
Certain of the Group's debt agreements contain covenants that limit its ability to engage in specified types 
of transactions. These include covenants requiring the Group's operating subsidiaries to maintain certain 
net worth, interest coverage and debt to equity ratios. Certain of the Group's debt agreements also contain 
covenants limiting the Group's and its operating subsidiaries' ability to, among other things: 
• 
incur or guarantee additional financial indebtedness; 
• 
grant security or create any security interests; and 
• 
sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets without the consent of the relevant 
lender, unless the disposal is made in the ordinary course of business or to another Group company. 
The Trust Deed will contain covenants from each of Majid Al Futtaim Holding and Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties similar to certain of those described above (see Condition 4). The terms and conditions of any 
notes issued under the U.S.$3 billion trust certificate issuance programme (the "Sukuk Programme") 
established by Majid Al Futtaim Holding and Majid Al Futtaim Properties and most recently updated on 
26 August 2021 also contains similar covenants. 
In addition, certain of the Group's outstanding debt contains, and its future debt may contain, cross-default 
clauses whereby a default under one debt obligation may constitute an event of default under other debt

--- Page 33 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 18 - 
75-41033197 
 
obligations. Any of these covenants could prevent the Group from engaging in certain transactions that it 
may view as desirable. 
Although the Group believes that it is currently in compliance with its covenants and is not currently aware 
of any circumstances which indicate that the Group may in the future be in breach of any such covenants, 
there can be no assurance that the Group will continue to comply with all such covenants in the future. The 
Group's continued compliance with these covenants depends on a number of factors, some of which are 
outside of the Group's control. For instance, the Group's activities in all of its operating segments are 
affected by the global economic environment and the economic environment in the jurisdictions in which 
it operates (see further "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group – All of the Group's businesses are 
affected by the economic and political conditions in the markets in which they operate"). Further, in the 
event that the financial results of the Group deteriorate, the Group may no longer be able to comply with 
financial covenants (such as those mentioned above) under certain of its debt agreements. In these 
circumstances, the Group may be required to either obtain a waiver from its creditors, renegotiate its credit 
facilities, raise additional financing from its shareholders or repay or refinance borrowings in order to avoid 
the consequences of a default. If the Group were unable to obtain such a waiver, to renegotiate its credit 
facilities, to raise additional financing from its shareholders or to repay or refinance its borrowings on terms 
that are acceptable to it, or at all, the Group's creditors would be entitled to declare an event of default and, 
as a result of cross-default provisions, there would be a strong possibility that default would also arise in 
respect of a substantial portion of the Group's other financial indebtedness. Such an event would permit the 
Group's creditors to demand immediate payment of the outstanding borrowings under the relevant debt 
agreements and instruments and to terminate all commitments to extend further credit to the Group. Such 
an event would also affect the Group's ability to raise additional capital at an acceptable cost in order to 
fund its operations. Any of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group's short-term borrowings comprised its short-term borrowings from 
related parties of AED 18 million. As at 31 December 2021, the Group also had bank overdraft facilities 
amounting to AED 1,465 million. None of the Group's existing long-term borrowings as at 31 December 
2021 fell due to be repaid within one year. To the extent that it needs to, there is no assurance that the Group 
will be able to refinance maturing borrowings as they fall due on terms acceptable to it or at all. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had AED 13,244 million in outstanding borrowings (excluding bank 
overdrafts and short-term borrowings from related parties), none of which had the benefit of security (see 
"Group Financial Review – Liquidity and Borrowings"). However, subject to Condition 4 and the covenants 
referred to above, the Group can obtain secured indebtedness. As unsecured creditors, the claims of 
Noteholders will rank behind the claims of the Group's secured creditors to the extent of the security 
granted. 
The Group's business may be materially adversely affected by changes in interest rates 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Group's control, including the interest rate 
and other monetary policies of governments and central banks in the jurisdictions in which it operates. As 
at 31 December 2021, a portion of the Group's interest bearing loans and borrowings carried interest at 
floating rates. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates (assuming all other relevant factors 
remained constant) would have resulted in the Group's other comprehensive income decreasing by AED 25 
million in 2021. The Group's interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subject to interest rate risk resulting 
from fluctuations in the relevant reference rates underlying such instruments. Consequently, any increase 
in such reference rates would result in an increase in the Group's interest rate expense and could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Although the Group seeks to hedge part of its interest rate risk, there can be no assurance that this hedging 
will be successful or will protect the Group fully against its interest rate risk. Such failure to successfully 
hedge against changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Foreign exchange movements may adversely affect the Group's profitability 
The Group maintains its accounts and reports its results in dirham, the currency in which the majority of its 
revenue is earned. A portion of the Group's income and expenses are incurred in the currencies of other 
countries in the MENA region. As a result, the Group is exposed to movements in foreign exchange rates. 
Although there can be no assurance that foreign currency fluctuations will not adversely affect the Group's

--- Page 34 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 19 - 
75-41033197 
 
results of operations in the future, the Group's management believes that the Group is not currently subject 
to significant foreign exchange risk given the fact that the majority of its revenue and expenses is incurred 
in dirham or in currencies which, like the dirham, are pegged to the U.S. dollar at a fixed exchange rate. In 
relation to its other currency earnings and expenses, the Group's management believes that its foreign 
exchange rate risk is reduced by the fact that to a large extent its revenue in a local currency is matched by 
its expenses being incurred in the same currency. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the dirham remains pegged to the U.S. dollar. However, there can 
be no assurance that the UAE government will not de-peg the dirham from the U.S. dollar, or alter the fixed 
exchange rate between the two currencies, in the future, which may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
If the Group fails to attract and retain qualified and experienced employees, its businesses may be 
harmed 
The Group's ability to carry on and grow its businesses will depend, in part, on its ability to continue to 
attract, retain and motivate qualified and skilled personnel to manage its day-to-day operations. In 
particular, the Group depends on finance, technical and engineering staff at both middle management and 
senior management level. Experienced and capable personnel with these skill sets generally and in the 
industries in which the Group operates in particular remain in high demand, and there is significant 
competition in the MENA region for their talents. Consequently, when any such employees leave, the 
Group may have difficulty replacing them. In addition, the loss of key members of the Group's senior 
management team or staff with institutional knowledge may result in (amongst other things): (a) a loss of 
organisational focus; (b) poor execution of operations and the Group's corporate strategy; and (c) an 
inability to identify and execute potential strategic initiatives such as future investments and acquisitions. 
These adverse results could, among other things, reduce potential revenue, expose the Group to downturns 
in the markets in which it operates and/or otherwise have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group's businesses expose it to health and safety risks 
Due to the people-based nature of its business, the Group's operations are subject to health and safety risks, 
particularly in relation to its shopping malls and leisure and entertainment businesses. Although all of the 
shopping malls currently comply with applicable health and safety standards, there can be no assurance that 
a major health and safety hazard, such as a fire, will not occur. Given the high number of shoppers that visit 
the Group's shopping malls on a daily basis, such an event could have serious consequences, particularly 
in the event of fatalities. Similarly, although the Group's leisure and entertainment facilities and hotels also 
comply with currently applicable health and safety standards, there can be no assurance that the customers 
of these facilities will not engage in inappropriate behaviour, endangering their safety and the safety of 
others (see also "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group – All of the Group's businesses have been 
adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic"). Any of the foregoing incidents could expose the Group 
to material liability and adversely affect its reputation and could have a material adverse effect on its 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group may not be able to secure full insurance coverage for the risks associated with the 
operation of its businesses 
Management believes that the Group's insurance coverage for all material aspects of its operations is 
comparable to that of other companies operating in the sectors and markets in which the Group operates. 
The Group's operations may, however, be affected by a number of risks for which full insurance cover is 
either not available or not available on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, the severity and 
frequency of various other events, such as accidents and other mishaps, business interruptions or potential 
damage to its facilities, property and equipment caused by inclement weather, human error, pollution, 
labour disputes, natural catastrophes and other eventualities, may result in losses or expose the Group to 
liabilities in excess of its insurance coverage or significantly impair its reputation. There is no assurance 
that the Group's insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover the loss arising from any or all such events 
or that it will be able to renew existing insurance cover on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 
Should an incident occur for which the Group has no, or insufficient, insurance cover, the Group could lose 
all or part of the capital invested in, and anticipated future revenues relating to, any property that is damaged

--- Page 35 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 20 - 
75-41033197 
 
or destroyed. Any of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group's operations are in emerging markets which are subject to greater risks than more 
developed markets, including significant political, social and economic risks 
All of the Group's operations are conducted, and its assets are located in emerging markets. Investors should 
also be aware that emerging markets are subject to greater risks than more developed markets, including in 
some cases significant legal, economic and political risks. Accordingly, investors should exercise particular 
care in evaluating the risks involved and must decide for themselves whether, in light of those risks, their 
investment is appropriate. Generally, investment in developing markets is only suitable for sophisticated 
investors who fully appreciate the significance of the risks involved. Any unexpected changes in the 
political, social, economic or other conditions in the countries in which the Group operates or neighbouring 
countries could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects (see also "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group – All of the Group's 
businesses are affected by the economic and political conditions in the markets in which they operate"). 
The Group is dependent on its information and technology systems which are subject to potential 
cyberattack 
The Group is dependent on information technology networks and systems to securely process, transmit and 
store electronic information and to communicate internally and with its customers, tenants, partners and 
vendors. As the breadth and complexity of this infrastructure continues to grow, including as a result of the 
use of mobile technologies, social media and cloud-based services, the potential risk of security breaches 
and cyberattacks increases. Such breaches could lead to shutdowns or disruptions of the Group's systems 
and potential unauthorised disclosure of sensitive or confidential information, including personal data. 
Cybersecurity threats are constantly evolving, thereby increasing the difficulty of detecting and defending 
against them. 
The Group often manages, utilises and stores sensitive or confidential customer, tenant or company data, 
including personal data, and the Group expects these activities to increase. Unauthorised disclosure of 
sensitive or confidential customer, tenant or company data, whether through systems failure, employee 
negligence, fraud or misappropriation, could damage the Group's reputation, cause the Group to lose 
customers and tenants and could result in significant financial exposure. Similarly, unauthorised access to 
or through the Group's information systems or those it develops for, or supplies to, its customers and tenants, 
whether by employees or third parties, including a cyberattack by computer programmers, hackers, 
members of organised crime and/or state-sponsored organisations, who may develop and deploy viruses or 
other malicious software programs or social engineering attacks, could result in contractual and other legal 
liability, a loss of business or customers or tenants, damage to the Group's reputation and government 
sanctions, and could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
RISKS RELATING TO MAJID AL FUTTAIM PROPERTIES 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' business is capital intensive and it may not be able to raise sufficient 
capital to make all future investments and capital expenditures that it deems necessary or desirable 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties engages in projects which require a substantial amount of capital and other 
long-term expenditures, including the development of new shopping malls, hotels and mixed-use 
developments. The capital commitments associated with these projects generally exceed Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties' cash inflows over the period of the project. In the past, these expenditures and investments have 
been financed through a variety of means, including internally-generated cash and external borrowings. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' and the Group's ability to arrange external financing and the cost of such 
financing are dependent on numerous factors, including its future financial condition, general economic 
and capital market conditions, interest rates, credit availability from banks or other lenders or investors, 
lender and investor confidence in Majid Al Futtaim Properties' and the Group's businesses and the markets 
in which they operate, the credit rating assigned to Majid Al Futtaim Properties and the Group by credit 
rating agencies, applicable provisions of tax and securities laws, and political and economic conditions in 
any relevant jurisdiction. Neither Majid Al Futtaim Properties nor the Group can provide any assurance 
that it will be able to arrange any such external financing on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, and

--- Page 36 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 21 - 
75-41033197 
 
it may be required to secure financing with a lien over its assets and those of its subsidiaries and/or agree 
to contractual limitations on the operation of its businesses. Majid Al Futtaim Properties or the Group's 
failure to obtain adequate funding as required to satisfy its contractual commitments could result in defaults 
on existing contracts, completion delays and damage to Majid Al Futtaim Properties' and the Group's 
reputation as a reliable contractual counterparty, and could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects of Majid Al Futtaim Properties and the Group as a 
whole. 
A significant proportion of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' and the Group's assets as at 31 December 
2021 comprised real estate held either as property, plant and equipment or investment property. The 
valuation of these assets is inherently subjective, the values attributed to these assets may not 
accurately reflect their market value at any future date and they may be difficult to sell 
The Group appoints an independent external Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors ("RICS") valuer to 
determine the fair value of its real estate assets bi-annually as at 30 June and 31 December in each year. 
However, real estate valuations are inherently subjective because they are made on the basis of assumptions 
that may prove to be incorrect. No assurance can be made that the valuations of the Group's real estate 
assets will reflect actual sale prices, even where any such sale occurs shortly after the relevant valuation 
date. Significant differences between valuations and actual sales prices could have a material adverse effect 
on the financial condition and results of operations of Majid Al Futtaim Properties (which is the owner of 
the majority of the assets) and the Group as a whole. 
Given that real estate assets in general are relatively illiquid, the ability of Majid Al Futtaim Properties to 
sell promptly one or more of its properties in response to changing political, economic, financial and 
investment conditions is limited. Majid Al Futtaim Properties is susceptible to decreases in demand for 
commercial property in the MENA region, and in particular Dubai, given its exposure to the real estate 
market there. Majid Al Futtaim Properties cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing 
purchaser and to close the sale of a property or whether it would be able to sell a property on commercially 
reasonable terms, if at all. Majid Al Futtaim Properties' inability to promptly sell its properties or on 
commercial terms could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects of Majid Al Futtaim Properties and the Group as a whole. 
The success of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' business strategy and profitability depends upon its 
ability to locate and acquire or lease land suitable for development at attractive prices 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' growth and profitability to-date have been attributable, in part, to its ability to 
locate and acquire or lease land at attractive prices, and the success of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' business 
strategy and future profitability depends upon its continued ability to do so. Many of Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties' most significant competitors are owned by the government of the countries in which they operate 
and, therefore, they may be accorded preferential treatment when acquiring land. In the past, Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties has been able to acquire land suitable for its planned shopping malls, hotels and other 
developments, but there can be no assurance that it will continue to be able to acquire land suitable for 
development in the future at attractive prices. In addition, Majid Al Futtaim Properties faces the risk that 
competitors may anticipate and capitalise on certain potential investment opportunities in advance of Majid 
Al Futtaim Properties doing so, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects of Majid Al Futtaim Properties and the Group as a whole. 
The MENA region in which Majid Al Futtaim Properties operates is characterised by a lack of real 
estate transparency 
According to a real estate transparency survey conducted by Jones Lang LaSalle in 2020, the real estate 
markets in which Majid al Futtaim Properties and the Group operate are categorised as semi-transparent 
(the UAE, Kenya and Saudi Arabia), low-transparent (Bahrain, Egypt, Kuwait, Qatar, Jordan, Kazakhstan 
and Pakistan) and opaque (Oman, Lebanon and Iraq). The degree of transparency of a real estate market is 
determined by reference to a number of factors, including comparable transactions, accessibility of 
information relating to counterparties and land title, reliability of market data, clarity of regulations relating 
to all matters of real estate conveyance and access to government agencies to verify information provided 
by counterparties in connection with real estate transactions. Although Majid Al Futtaim Properties 
endeavours to undertake comprehensive due diligence with respect to its real estate investments in order to 
mitigate any risks in connection with the markets in which it operates, there can be no assurance that the 
factors described above will not result in its discovery at a later date of information or liabilities in

--- Page 37 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 22 - 
75-41033197 
 
association with its investments that could affect their value, expected purpose or returns on investment, 
which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects of Majid Al Futtaim Properties and the Group as a whole. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties does not have unrestricted title to all of its land parcels 
In a limited number of cases, Majid Al Futtaim Properties acquires title to land parcels which are subject 
to certain conditions as to the timeframe within which the land should be developed. If Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties fails to comply with any such conditions, it may lose title to the land parcel concerned. 
Registration of title to Majid Al Futtaim Properties' land parcels may also be subject to conditions in relation 
to the completion of construction thereon. 
If Majid Al Futtaim Properties loses title or is unable to acquire title to its properties, this could have a 
material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties and the Group as a whole. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties has not to-date experienced a situation where its title or interest in its properties 
or land parcels has been lost, has been the subject of legal proceedings leading to the loss of title or interest 
in its properties or land parcels. However, Majid Al Futtaim Properties is subject to the risk that it may not 
in the future be able to acquire or be granted unrestricted title or interest to any land and/or that it could be 
determined to be in violation of applicable law should it violate any restrictions applicable to any such title 
or interest. Any such outcome could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties and the Group as a whole. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties is exposed to a range of development and construction risks 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties is subject to a number of construction, financing, operating and other risks 
associated with project development which have resulted, and may in the future result, in significant cost 
overruns and delays in the delivery of its projects. For instance, shortages in raw materials (such as steel 
and other commodities common in the construction industry), energy, building equipment (including, in 
particular, cranes), labour (including project managers, contractors and construction specialists) or other 
necessary supplies may result in delays to a project. Such shortages may also result in an increase of the 
cost of the relevant resource and may therefore result in a cost overrun vis-à-vis the original budget. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties is also exposed to significant counterparty risk associated with project 
development. These risks include default or delays by contractors and other counterparties, design or 
construction defects and inadequate infrastructure as a result of failure by third parties to provide utilities 
and transportation and other links that are necessary or desirable for the successful operation of a project. 
The foregoing could not only adversely impact the project costs but may also result in an adverse impact 
on the overall marketability of that project (including consumer demand) and may have an adverse impact 
on the Group's reputation 
The occurrence of one or more of these events may prevent Majid Al Futtaim Properties from achieving 
projected internal rates of return for its projects, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects of Majid Al Futtaim Properties and the Group as a whole. In addition, there can 
be no assurance that the revenues that Majid Al Futtaim Properties is able to generate from its development 
and construction projects will be sufficient to cover the associated construction costs. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' rental revenues depend upon its ability to find tenants for its shopping 
malls and offices and the ability of such tenants to fulfil their lease obligations as well as on Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties achieving an optimal tenant mix for its shopping malls. In addition, Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties is exposed to tenant concentration 
There can be no guarantee that Majid Al Futtaim Properties will find or be able to retain tenants for its 
shopping malls and other properties on terms and conditions that are satisfactory to it. In addition, Majid 
Al Futtaim Properties' tenants may be materially adversely affected by a range of factors which may affect 
their ability to perform their obligations under the relevant lease agreements and may therefore adversely 
affect the financial performance of the properties leased by Majid Al Futtaim Properties and the cash flows

--- Page 38 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 23 - 
75-41033197 
 
generated by them. For instance, rental deferrals and rebates provided by Majid Al Futtaim Properties due 
to COVID-19 resulted in direct reductions to Majid Al Futtaim Properties' revenue in 2021. 
Further, certain jurisdictions in which Majid Al Futtaim Properties operates as a landlord, including the 
UAE, have imposed restrictions on rental increases and these restrictions may also adversely impact Majid 
Al Futtaim Properties' business. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties seeks to ensure that it has the right mix of retail outlets in its shopping malls 
to cater to the consumer preferences of its local customers. In pursuit of this strategy, Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties has sought in the past, and may seek in the future, to terminate lease agreements of existing 
tenants in order to replace them with new tenants to its shopping malls. In addition, Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties may seek to terminate the lease agreements of tenants who default under their leases. It is 
relatively difficult to evict tenants under the laws of the jurisdictions in which Majid Al Futtaim Properties 
operates. Therefore, Majid Al Futtaim Properties may experience delays in evicting tenants for cause or 
changing its tenant mix to meet strategic directives prior to the expiry of relevant lease terms, and efforts 
to do so could require considerable expense. Although Majid Al Futtaim Properties' tenants have rarely 
defaulted in performing their obligations under the lease agreements they have entered into with Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties, should one or more tenants stop paying rent for a period of time, whether with or without 
cause, this could reduce Majid Al Futtaim Properties' cash flows and could have a material adverse effect 
on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of Majid Al Futtaim Properties and 
the Group as a whole. 
A significant proportion of the tenants in Majid Al Futtaim Properties' shopping malls are members of a 
limited number of large retail groups. As a result, Majid Al Futtaim Properties could be materially adversely 
affected should any of these retail groups cease to carry on business with Majid Al Futtaim Properties. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' shopping malls depend on anchor stores or major tenants to attract 
shoppers and could be materially adversely affected by the loss of, or a store closure by, one or more 
of these tenants 
Shopping malls are typically anchored by hypermarkets, department stores and other large nationally 
recognised tenants. Many of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' major tenants are owned by a limited number of 
large retail groups. The performance of some of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' shopping malls could be 
materially adversely affected if these tenants fail to comply with their contractual obligations, seek 
concessions in order to continue operations, or cease their operations. Concessions made to existing tenants 
may also be made to potential new tenants with a view to attracting such potential new tenants. There is no 
assurance that any such concessions made will achieve their purpose or will not materially adversely affect 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' and the Group's revenue or profitability. In addition, the closure of tenants' 
operations may enable other tenants to negotiate a modification to the terms of their existing leases, and 
such closures could result in decreased customer traffic which could adversely affect the performance of 
the shopping mall concerned and, as a result, could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects of Majid Al Futtaim Properties and the Group as a whole. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' hotels are all managed by independent third-party operators and 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties is, therefore, exposed to the performance of these operators 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties has entered into hotel management agreements with Accor S.A. ("Accor"), 
Kempinski Hotels S.A. ("Kempinski"), Hilton International Manage LLC ("Hilton") and Marriott 
International ("Marriott"). While Majid Al Futtaim Properties has close relationships with the operators 
of its hotels and a successful track record of working with them to make property and operational 
improvements, Majid Al Futtaim Properties does not have the means to compel any hotel to be operated in 
a particular manner or to govern any particular aspect of its operations. Therefore, even if Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties believes its properties are being operated inefficiently or in a manner that does not result in 
satisfactory revenues or operating profits, it will generally not have rights under the management 
agreements to change who operates the properties or how they are operated until the expiry of the term of 
the agreements unless there is a breach of specific contractual provisions permitting such termination. Majid 
Al Futtaim Properties can only seek redress if an operator breaches the terms of the management agreements 
or, in the case of the agreements with Kempinski, if the hotel does not reach certain prescribed levels of 
profitability for three consecutive years, and then only to the extent of the remedies provided for under the 
terms of that agreement. In the event that Majid Al Futtaim Properties were to seek to replace any of its 
current hotel operators, it would likely experience significant disruptions at the affected properties, which

--- Page 39 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 24 - 
75-41033197 
 
could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects 
of Majid Al Futtaim Properties and the Group as a whole. 
The hotel industry is subject to certain general risks 
In addition to the general political and economic factors which affect all of the Group's businesses (see 
further "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group – All of the Group's businesses are affected by the 
economic and political conditions in the markets in which they operate"), the hotel industry depends on a 
number of factors, many of which are outside the control of Majid Al Futtaim Properties and the Group, 
which could negatively affect the number of visitors to the regions in which the Group operates hotels and 
therefore impact the number of guests staying at the Group's hotel properties. For instance, visitor volumes 
are impacted by major travel impediments (such as airline strikes, border closures, extreme weather 
conditions, natural disasters, outbreaks of diseases (including COVID-19), deterioration in the political or 
economic conditions in the destination market or onerous changes in visa requirements or other similar 
regulations). The hotel industry in the MENA region is also impacted by seasonality, particularly in the 
very hot summer months when the number of visitors to the region is usually significantly reduced when 
compared to the winter months. 
In addition, the hotel industry is susceptible to an increase in operating costs due to reasons outside the 
operators' control (for instance, due to an increase in utility costs, taxes or insurance costs). 
Any negative changes in such factors could result in increased competition and periods of oversupply of 
hotel and guest accommodation which may affect occupancy and room rates, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties and the Group as a whole. 
RISKS RELATING TO MAJID AL FUTTAIM RETAIL 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail is dependent on its relationship with Carrefour and the market perception 
of Carrefour 
All of Majid Al Futtaim Retail's revenue and EBITDA for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 was 
derived from the operations of its Carrefour stores. The business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects of Majid Al Futtaim Retail and the Group as a whole could be materially and adversely 
affected to the extent that Majid Al Futtaim Retail's franchise rights with Carrefour become compromised 
in any material respect. 
In addition, the willingness of the public to shop at Carrefour, which is considered by many to be associated 
with France, is also subject to various factors outside Majid Al Futtaim Retail's control, including the 
public's perception of Carrefour and, more generally, of France. Should any of these factors be perceived 
in a negative manner, this would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and results of 
operations of Majid Al Futtaim Retail and the Group as a whole. For instance, political tensions between 
France and the Middle East resulted in a boycott of French products in the MENA region in the second half 
of 2020 which resulted in a decrease in Carrefour's sales (see further "Group Financial Review – Results of 
Operations for the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2021 and the Financial Year Ended 31 December 
2020 – Revenue – Sale of goods"). 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail's results of operations and financial performance could be materially 
adversely affected by a change in consumer preferences, perception and/or spending 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail accounted for 81.5 per cent. of the Group's revenue and 37.0 per cent. of the 
Group's EBITDA for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. Majid Al Futtaim Retail's performance 
depends on factors which may affect the level and patterns of consumer spending in the UAE and the 
MENA region. Such factors include consumer preferences, confidence, incomes and perceptions of the 
quality of certain products. A general decline in purchases at Majid Al Futtaim Retail's Carrefour stores 
could occur as a result of a change in consumer preferences, perceptions and spending habits at any time 
and Majid Al Futtaim Retail's future success will depend partly on its ability to anticipate or adapt to such 
changes and to offer, on a timely basis, new products that match consumer demand. Such changes, and a 
failure to adapt its offering to respond to them, may result in reduced demand for the products sold at Majid 
Al Futtaim Retail's Carrefour stores, a decline in the market share of its products and increased levels of 
selling and promotional expenses. Any changes in consumer preferences could result in lower sales of the

--- Page 40 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 25 - 
75-41033197 
 
products sold at Majid Al Futtaim Retail's Carrefour stores or put pressure on pricing, and could materially 
adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of Majid Al Futtaim 
Retail and the Group as a whole. 
The planned increase in the number of Carrefour stores may not be achieved 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail plans to open 5 Carrefour hypermarkets (3 in Egypt and 2 in UAE) and 6 Carrefour 
supermarkets (all in UAE) in 2022. However, there can be no assurance that it will be able to expand its 
store network as planned or that all of such new stores will be profitable. While the Group's management 
believes that Majid Al Futtaim Retail has identified areas in the MENA region where Majid Al Futtaim 
Retail could increase the number of its stores, unforeseen factors could result in potential sites not becoming 
available on acceptable terms. Furthermore, if competitors are able to secure high-quality sites, they may 
be able to gain market share and may effectively restrict Majid Al Futtaim Retail's ability to grow. This 
could adversely affect the business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail and the Group as a whole. 
In addition, Majid Al Futtaim Retail's ability to open new stores, convert or refurbish existing stores, change 
the use of part of an existing store or implement any of these activities without delay may be significantly 
restricted by regulatory obstacles associated with obtaining the approvals, permits, consents and/or 
registrations necessary to construct and/or operate its stores, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of Majid Al Futtaim Retail and the 
Group as a whole. 
Interruptions in the availability of products from suppliers or any changes in the costs to Majid Al 
Futtaim Retail of obtaining such products could adversely affect its business 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail's operations may be interrupted or otherwise materially adversely affected by 
delays or interruptions in the supply of its products or the termination of any product supplier arrangement 
where an alternative source of product supply is not readily available on substantially similar terms. Any 
breakdown or change in Majid Al Futtaim Retail's relationships with product suppliers could materially 
adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of Majid Al Futtaim 
Retail and the Group as a whole. If Majid Al Futtaim Retail is forced to change a supplier of products, there 
is no guarantee that this would not interrupt supply continuity or result in additional cost. Further, Majid 
Al Futtaim Retail is currently able to secure significant rebates and other supplier benefits from its product 
suppliers. Should these benefits decline or become unavailable, this could have a material adverse effect 
on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of Majid Al Futtaim Retail and the 
Group as a whole. 
In addition, the price of the products which Majid Al Futtaim Retail sells at its Carrefour stores may be 
significantly affected by the cost of the raw materials used to produce those products in the source markets 
of Majid Al Futtaim Retail's suppliers. Wherever practicable, Majid Al Futtaim Retail seeks to put in place 
supply contracts which ensure the supply of products for the period that they are anticipated to be offered 
by the Carrefour stores and in such quantities as its forecasts require. Failure to continue to source products 
at competitive cost from international markets or to forecast accurately the required quantities could result 
in Majid Al Futtaim Retail having to buy products from other suppliers on short-term contracts which could 
result in additional cost. Any increases in the prices of products where prices have not been fixed under 
contractual supply agreements could materially adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects of Majid Al Futtaim Retail and the Group as a whole. 
Interruptions in or changes to the terms of Majid Al Futtaim Retail's shipping or distribution 
arrangements could adversely affect its business 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail is reliant on the services of third-party distribution, shipping and haulage 
companies for the movement and storage of its private label goods and the entire range of products for its 
Carrefour supermarkets within the regions in which it operates and the jurisdictions from which it sources 
its products. Although it has entered into management contracts with three third-party distribution, shipping 
and haulage companies, any change in the terms of, or interruption or failure in, the services of one or more 
of these service providers could affect Majid Al Futtaim Retail's ability to supply and distribute its products 
and consequently could materially adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects of Majid Al Futtaim Retail and the Group as a whole. Such interruption or failure could

--- Page 41 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 26 - 
75-41033197 
 
potentially involve significant additional costs to Majid Al Futtaim Retail in obtaining an alternative source 
of supply or distribution. 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail faces the risk of product liability claims and associated adverse publicity 
The packaging, marketing, distribution and sale of food products purchased from others, as well as 
production of foods under Carrefour's private labels, entail an inherent risk of contamination or 
deterioration, which could potentially lead to product liability claims, product recalls and associated adverse 
publicity. Any contaminated products inadvertently distributed by Majid Al Futtaim Retail may, in certain 
cases, result in illness, injury or death, or lead to product liability claims asserted against Majid Al Futtaim 
Retail and/or require product recalls. There can be no assurance that such claims will not be asserted against 
it in the future, or that such recalls will not be necessary. While the Group has product liability insurance, 
such policy does not include insurance cover against product recall specifically and there is no certainty 
that any product liability insurance available to the Group will be sufficient to cover all claims, or any 
product recall claims, that may be asserted against it (see further "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the 
Group – The Group may not be able to secure full insurance coverage for the risks associated with the 
operation of its businesses"). 
In addition, because Majid Al Futtaim Retail's success is linked to the reputation of Carrefour, any product 
liability claims or product recalls that cause adverse publicity involving Carrefour stores not owned by 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail may have an adverse effect on Majid Al Futtaim Retail, regardless of whether such 
claim or recall involves any products sold by Majid Al Futtaim Retail's Carrefour franchises. Further, even 
if a product liability claim is not successful or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding any 
assertion that the products it sells caused illness or injury could have a material adverse effect on Carrefour's 
reputation with existing and potential customers, as well as the business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects of Majid Al Futtaim Retail and the Group as a whole. 
RISKS RELATING TO MAJID AL FUTTAIM LEC 
Majid Al Futtaim LEC may not be able to manage its growth successfully 
Majid Al Futtaim Ventures experienced a period of significant growth over the last few years and Majid Al 
Futtaim LEC is expected to continue such growth in future years (see further "Description of the Group – 
Majid Al Futtaim LEC and Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle – Overview"). Such expansion may expose Majid Al 
Futtaim LEC to numerous risks, including challenges in managing the increased scope and geographic 
diversity of the operations of the Group's companies. 
Future growth may place a strain on the Group's managerial, operational, financial and other resources. The 
need to manage such expansion may require continued development of procedures and management 
controls, hiring additional personnel, as well as training and retaining its employee base. Such growth may 
also increase costs, including the cost of compliance arising from exposure to additional activities and 
jurisdictions. If the Group is not successful in meeting the challenges associated with such expansion, this 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features: 
The Notes may be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at

--- Page 42 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 27 - 
75-41033197 
 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to their final maturity date for tax reasons 
If the Issuer becomes obliged to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes as provided or referred 
to in Condition 9 of the Notes or if either Guarantor is unable for reasons outside its control to procure 
payment by the Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay such additional amounts, in 
each case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as 
defined in Condition 9) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue 
the first Tranche of the Notes, the Issuer may redeem all but not some only of the outstanding Notes of such 
Tranche in accordance with Condition 8.2 of the Notes. 
Partly-paid Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Failure to pay any 
subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of his investment. 
Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers 
or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related 
features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those 
features. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse floating rate notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a Reference 
Rate such as the Euro-zone interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR") ("Inverse Floating Rate Notes"). The 
market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other conventional floating 
rate debt securities based on the same Reference Rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse 
Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the Reference Rate not only decreases the 
interest rate of the Notes but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely 
affects the market value of these Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes (as defined below) may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a 
conversion, this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be 
expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer 
converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the 
same Reference Rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may 
be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest 
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Notes denominated in RMB are subject to additional risks 
Notes denominated in Renminbi ("RMB Notes") may be issued under the Programme. RMB Notes contain 
particular risks for potential investors, including:

--- Page 43 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 28 - 
75-41033197 
 
Renminbi is not freely convertible; there are significant restrictions on remittance of Renminbi into and 
out of the PRC, which may adversely affect the liquidity of RMB Notes 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong 
dollar. 
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years, 
particularly over trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other 
frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. On 
the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account items, 
such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted upon 
obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant 
authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on 
the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being 
adjusted from time to time to match the policies of the PRC Government. 
Although, the People's Bank of China (the "PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to 
Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in the past, there is no assurance that the PRC Government 
will liberalise control over cross border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi 
cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated 
in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of 
the PRC. Despite a Renminbi internationalisation pilot programme and efforts in recent years to 
internationalise the currency, there can be no assurance that the PRC Government will not impose interim 
or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi. In the event that funds cannot be 
repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the 
PRC and the ability of the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantors to source Renminbi to finance its 
obligations under RMB Notes. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of RMB 
Notes and the Issuer's or, as the case may be, the Guarantors' ability to source Renminbi outside the 
PRC to service such RMB Notes 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. While PBoC has entered into agreements (the "Settlement 
Arrangements") on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions (the "RMB Clearing 
Banks") in a number of financial centres and cities, including but not limited to Hong Kong, has established 
the Cross-Border Inter-Bank Payments System (CIPS) to facilitate cross-border Renminbi settlement and 
is further in the process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other 
jurisdictions, the current size of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from PBoC, although 
PBoC has gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC's onshore inter-bank market for the 
purchase and sale of Renminbi. The RMB Clearing Banks only have limited access to onshore liquidity 
support from PBoC for the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of 
transactions and are not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other 
foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. In cases where the participating banks cannot source 
sufficient Renminbi through the above channels, they will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC 
to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There 
is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not 
be terminated or amended in the future, which will have the effect of restricting the availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the RMB 
Notes. To the extent the Issuer or, as the case may be, a Guarantor is required to source Renminbi in the 
offshore market to service the RMB Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer or, as the case may be, 
Guarantors will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all.

--- Page 44 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 29 - 
75-41033197 
 
Investment in RMB Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by 
changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. The 
PBoC has in recent years implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily midpoint 
against the U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing such daily midpoint. 
This change, and others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi 
against foreign currencies. All payments of interest and principal will be made in Renminbi with respect to 
RMB Notes unless otherwise specified. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments may vary with 
the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates against 
another foreign currency, the value of the investment made by a holder of the RMB Notes in that foreign 
currency will decline. 
Investment in the RMB Notes is subject to currency risk 
If the Issuer is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal on 
the RMB Notes as a result of RMB Inconvertibility, RMB Non-Transferability or RMB Illiquidity (each, 
as defined in the Conditions), the Issuer shall be entitled, on giving not less than five or more than 30 
calendar days' irrevocable notice to the investors prior to the due date for payment, to settle any such 
payment in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar equivalent of any such interest or principal, as 
the case may be. 
An investment in RMB Notes is subject to interest rate risk 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets 
outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of 
foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC laws and regulations and prevailing market conditions. 
As RMB Notes may carry a fixed interest rate, the trading price of the RMB Notes will consequently vary 
with the fluctuations in the RMB interest rates. If holders of the RMB Notes propose to sell their RMB 
Notes before their maturity, they may receive an offer lower than the amount they have invested. 
Payments in respect of RMB Notes will only be made to investors in the manner specified in the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Notes 
All Renminbi payments to investors in respect of the RMB Notes will be made solely: (i) for so long as the 
RMB Notes are represented by a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or with 
such other clearing system (or a depository, custodian or nominee thereof) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in the Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms in accordance with prevailing rules and procedures of the relevant clearing 
system; or (ii) when the RMB Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account 
maintained in the Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms in accordance 
with prevailing rules and regulations. The Issuer or, as the case may be, Guarantors cannot be required to 
make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank account in the 
PRC). 
Gains on the transfer of the RMB Notes may become subject to income taxes under PRC tax laws 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules, as amended from time to time, any gain realised on the transfer of RMB Notes by non-
PRC resident enterprise or individual holders may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax ("EIT") or PRC 
individual income tax ("IIT") if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the PRC. The 
PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains derived by 
such non-PRC resident enterprise from the transfer of Renminbi Notes but its implementation rules have 
reduced the EIT rate to 10 per cent. The PRC Individual Income Tax Law levies IIT at a rate of 20 per cent. 
of the PRC-sourced gains derived by such non-PRC resident individual holder from the transfer of 
Renminbi Notes. 
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of Renminbi Notes by non-
PRC resident enterprise or individual holders would be treated as income derived from sources within the 
PRC and thus become subject to EIT or IIT. This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities interpret,

--- Page 45 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 30 - 
75-41033197 
 
apply or enforce the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules. According to the arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, for avoidance of 
double taxation, holders who are residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise holders and individual 
holders, will not be subject to EIT or IIT on capital gains derived from a sale or exchange of the Notes. 
Therefore, if enterprise or individual resident holders which are non-PRC residents are required to pay PRC 
income tax on gains derived from the transfer of Renminbi Notes, unless there is an applicable tax treaty 
between PRC and the jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprise or individual holders of Renminbi 
Notes reside that reduces or exempts the relevant EIT or IIT, the value of their investment in Renminbi 
Notes may be materially and adversely affected. 
Conflicts of interest – Calculation Agent 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including 
where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgements 
that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable 
by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
Risks related to the Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The terms and conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or by way of 
electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the 
written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
The terms and conditions of the Notes also provide that the Issuer may, without the consent of Noteholders, 
in the circumstances described in Condition 16 agree to: (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of Notes; or (ii) determine without 
the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default (as defined in Condition 11) or potential Event of 
Default shall not be treated as such; or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under 
any Notes in place of the Issuer. 
European Monetary Union may cause Notes denominated in certain currencies to be redenominated in 
euro 
If Notes are issued under the Programme which are denominated in the currency of a country which, at the 
time of issue, has not adopted the euro as its sole currency and, before the relevant Notes are redeemed, the 
euro becomes the sole currency of that country, a number of consequences may follow including, but not 
limited to: (i) all amounts payable in respect of the relevant Notes may become payable in euro; (ii) 
applicable law may allow or require such Notes to be redenominated into euro and additional measures to 
be taken in respect of such Notes; and (iii) there may no longer be available published or displayed rates 
for deposits in such currency used to determine the rates of interest on such Notes. Any of these or any 
other consequences could adversely affect the holders of the relevant Notes. 
Bearer Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Bearer Notes 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. 
In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a definitive Bearer Note in respect of such holding (should such Notes be printed) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If Bearer Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that 
is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade.

--- Page 46 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 31 - 
75-41033197 
 
Investors in the Notes must rely on DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that may be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or may be deposited with 
a nominee for DTC (each as defined under "Form of the Notes"). Except in the circumstances described in 
each Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of DTC, Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of 
the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. While the Notes are represented by a Global 
Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing systems and 
their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under 
the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive 
payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes 
so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future 
EURIBOR and other rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of recent 
national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a 
"benchmark". 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Similarly, it prohibits the use in the EEA by EEA supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that 
are not authorised by ESMA or registered in the ESMA register (or, if non-EEA based, not deemed to be 
equivalent or recognized or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") among other things, applies to the provision of 
benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the 
FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed to be equivalent or recognized or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another "benchmark" rate or index, in particular, if 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the terms of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation, and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, 
(amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. In addition, the EU Benchmarks Regulation, and/or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation stipulates that each administrator of a "benchmark" regulated thereunder must 
be licensed by the competent authority of the Member State where such administrator is located. There is 
a risk that administrators of certain "benchmarks" will fail to obtain a necessary licence, preventing them 
from continuing to provide such "benchmarks". Other administrators may cease to administer certain 
"benchmarks" because of the additional costs of compliance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation and other applicable regulations, and the risks associated therewith. 
The potential elimination of the EURIBOR benchmark or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner 
of administration of any benchmark could require or result in an adjustment to the interest provisions of the 
terms and conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect of any Notes linked to such benchmark. In 
certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate 
of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of 
a fixed rate for floating rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page 
or determined in accordance with the benchmark replacement provisions in the Conditions. Further, in 
certain circumstances, the Trustee may, in its discretion, determine the applicable Rate of Interest for a

--- Page 47 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 32 - 
75-41033197 
 
given period. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value and return on any 
such Notes. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR): (i) discourage 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in 
the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark"; or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes linked to or referencing the relevant benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the Rate of Interest provisions of the Conditions (as 
further described in Condition 6.2(i) (Benchmark Replacement). 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements if a Benchmark Event as defined in the 
Conditions) occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of 
Notes. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the interest rate could be set by reference to 
a successor rate or an alternative Reference Rate and that such successor rate or alternative Reference Rate 
may be adjusted (if required) by an Adjustment Spread (in each case, without a requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders). Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain 
circumstances the ultimate fallback for a particular Interest Period may result in the interest rate for the last 
preceding Interest Period being used. The consent or approval of the Noteholders shall not be required in 
connection with effecting a successor rate or an alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or (in either 
case) an Adjustment Spread or any of the other changes set out in Condition 6.2(i) (Benchmark 
Replacement). 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for floating rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent 
Adviser (as defined in the Conditions), in certain circumstances the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain Reference Rates in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The use of proceeds of the Notes may not meet investor expectations or requirements, including the 
expectations and requirements of environmentally focused investors 
The use of proceeds of the Notes subsequently received by Majid Al Futtaim Properties may not meet 
investor expectations or requirements. Majid Al Futtaim Properties will exercise its judgement and sole 
discretion in determining the businesses and projects that will be financed by the proceeds of the Notes. If 
the use of the proceeds of the Notes is a factor in an investor's decision to invest in the Notes, they should 
consider the disclosure in "Use of Proceeds" in the applicable Final Terms prepared for each relevant Series 
of Notes, including any green Notes, and consult with their legal or other advisers before making an 
investment in the Notes. There can be no assurance that any of the businesses and projects funded with the 
proceeds from the Notes will meet the Majid Al Futtaim Green Finance Framework or an investor's 
expectations or requirements. Furthermore, there is no contractual obligation to investors to allocate the 
proceeds of the Notes to finance eligible businesses and projects or to provide annual progress reports as 
described in "Use of Proceeds" in the applicable Final Terms. Majid Al Futtaim Properties' failure to so 
allocate or report the failure of any of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from the Notes 
to meet the Green Finance Framework will not constitute an Event of Default (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions) with respect to the Notes and may affect the value and/or the trading price of the Notes and/or 
have adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets.

--- Page 48 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 33 - 
75-41033197 
 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-
labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" 
or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition 
or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors (whether by 
Majid Al Futtaim Holding, Majid Al Futtaim Properties, the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Agents or any other 
person) that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any of the businesses and projects funded with 
the proceeds from the Notes will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "sustainable" 
or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other 
impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any 
of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from the Notes. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by Majid Al Futtaim Properties) which 
may be made available in connection with the issue of the Notes and in particular with any of the businesses 
and projects funded with the proceeds from the Notes to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social 
and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification 
is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by Majid Al Futtaim Holding, Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties, the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Agents or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Any 
such opinion or certification is only current as at the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any 
investment in the Notes. The providers of such opinions and certifications are not currently subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
If the Notes are at any time listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether 
or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by Majid Al Futtaim Holding, Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties, the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Agents or any other person that such listing or admission 
satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards 
any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own bylaws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any of the businesses and 
projects funded with the proceeds from the Notes. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any 
such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. 
Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by Majid Al Futtaim Holding, Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties, the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Agents or any other person that any such listing or admission to 
trading will be obtained in respect of the Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading 
will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
If the Issuer or the Guarantors fail to meet their respective obligations under any "green", "sustainable" or 
other equivalently-labelled Notes ("ESG Notes"), there is no specific remediation mechanism that the 
relevant Noteholders may avail themselves of, beyond what is already available under law to holders of the 
Issuer's senior debt. Should the Issuer or the Guarantors fail to meet their respective obligations under any 
ESG Notes, the rights of the relevant Noteholders will rank pari passu with holders of the Issuer's other 
non-subordinated senior debt obligations. 
Risks relating to enforcement 
Investors may experience difficulties in enforcing arbitration awards and foreign judgments in Dubai 
The payments under the Notes are dependent upon the Issuer (failing which, the Guarantors) making 
payments to investors in the manner contemplated under the Notes or the Guarantee, as the case may be. If 
the Issuer and subsequently both of the Guarantors fail to do so, it may be necessary to bring an action 
against the Guarantors (or either of them) to enforce their (or its) obligations and/or to claim damages, as 
appropriate, which may be costly and time-consuming.

--- Page 49 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 34 - 
75-41033197 
 
Furthermore, to the extent that enforcement of remedies must be pursued in the UAE, it should be borne in 
mind that there is limited scope for self-help remedies under UAE law and that generally enforcement of 
remedies in the UAE must be pursued through the courts. 
Under current Dubai law, the Dubai courts are unlikely to enforce an English or United States court 
judgment without re-examining the merits of the claim and may not observe the choice by the parties of 
English law as the governing law of the transaction. In the UAE, foreign law is required to be established 
as a question of fact and the interpretation of English law, by a court in the UAE, may not accord with the 
interpretation of an English court. In principle, courts in the UAE recognise the choice of foreign law if 
they are satisfied that an appropriate connection exists between the relevant transaction agreement and the 
foreign law which has been chosen. They will not, however, honour any provision of foreign law which is 
contrary to public policy, order or morals in the UAE, or to any mandatory law of, or applicable in, the 
UAE. 
The UAE is a civil law jurisdiction and judicial precedents in Dubai have no binding effect on subsequent 
decisions. In addition, there is no formal system of reporting court decisions in Dubai. These factors create 
greater judicial uncertainty than would be expected in other jurisdictions. 
The Notes, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), 
and the Programme Agreement (as defined in "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions") are governed by English law and the parties to such documents have agreed to refer any 
unresolved dispute in relation to such documents to arbitration under LCIA Rules. 
The New York Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards 1958 (the 
"New York Convention") entered into force in the UAE on 19 November 2006. In the absence of any 
other multilateral or bilateral enforcement convention, an arbitration award rendered in London should be 
enforceable in the UAE in accordance with the terms of the New York Convention. Under the New York 
Convention, the UAE has an obligation to recognise and enforce foreign arbitration awards, unless the party 
opposing enforcement can prove one of the grounds under Article V of the New York Convention to refuse 
enforcement, or the UAE courts find that the subject matter of the dispute is not capable of settlement by 
arbitration or enforcement would be contrary to the public policy of the UAE. 
There is no established track record as to how the New York Convention provisions would be interpreted 
and applied by the UAE courts in practice and whether the UAE courts will enforce a foreign arbitration 
award in accordance with the New York Convention (or any other multilateral or bilateral enforcement 
convention). This is reinforced by the lack of a system of binding judicial precedent in the UAE and the 
independent existence of different Emirates within the UAE, some with their own court systems, and whose 
rulings may have no more than persuasive force cross border. Although there are examples of foreign 
arbitral awards being enforced in the UAE under the New York Convention, there are other cases where 
the enforcement of foreign arbitral awards have been refused. Federal Cabinet Resolution No. 57 of 2018 
(the "Resolution") also governs the enforcement of foreign arbitral awards in the UAE. The Resolution 
confirms that arbitral awards issued in a foreign state may be enforced in the UAE and that the conditions 
for enforcement of foreign arbitral awards set out in the New York Convention shall not be prejudiced by 
the Resolution. However, there is not established track record as to how the overlapping provisions of the 
New York Convention and the Resolution will be interpreted and applied by the UAE courts in practice. 
There is also a risk that, notwithstanding the New York Convention, the Resolution or the terms of any 
other applicable multilateral or bilateral enforcement convention, the UAE courts may in practice consider 
and apply the grounds for enforcement of domestic UAE arbitral awards set out in Federal Law No. 6 of 
2018 (the "UAE Arbitration Law") to the enforcement of any non-UAE arbitral award. The UAE 
Arbitration Law and the Resolution are both new and it is unclear how they will be applied by the UAE 
courts in practice. Accordingly, there is a risk that a non-UAE arbitral award will be refused enforcement 
by the UAE courts. 
There are limitations on the effectiveness of guarantees in the UAE 
Under the laws of the UAE the obligation of a guarantor is incidental to the obligations of the principal 
debtor, and the obligations of a guarantor will only be valid to the extent of the continuing obligations of 
the principal debtor. The laws of the UAE do not contemplate a guarantee by way of indemnity of the 
obligations of the debtor by the guarantor and instead contemplate a guarantee by way of suretyship. 
Accordingly, it is not possible to state with any certainty whether a guarantor could be obliged by the Dubai

--- Page 50 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 35 - 
75-41033197 
 
courts to pay a greater sum than the debtor is obliged to pay or to perform an obligation that the debtor is 
not obligated to perform. 
In order to enforce a guarantee under the laws of the UAE, the underlying debt obligation for which such 
guarantee has been granted may need to be proved before the Dubai courts. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. The liquidity of any market for the Notes that may develop depends on 
a number of factors, including: 
• 
the method of calculating the principal and interest in respect of the Notes; 
• 
the time remaining to the maturity of the Notes; 
• 
the outstanding amount of the Notes; 
• 
the redemption features of the Notes; and 
• 
the level, direction and volatility of market interest rates generally. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a 
yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the 
case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantors will make any payments under 
the Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an 
investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's 
Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls which could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. The Issuer does not have any 
control over the factors that generally affect these risks, such as economic, financial and political events 
and the supply and demand for applicable currencies. In recent years, exchange rates between certain 
currencies have been volatile and volatility between such currencies or with other currencies may be 
expected in the future. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent 
market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. Even if there are no actual exchange controls, it is 
possible that the Specified Currency for any particular Note may not be available at such Note's maturity. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 36 - 
75-41033197 
 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer and to Notes issued 
under the Programme. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the transaction 
structure, the market, the additional factors discussed above or any other factors that may affect the value 
of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, 
suspended or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency at any time. There is no assurance that the rating will 
remain in effect for any given period of time or that the rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely if 
circumstances in the future so warrant. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating 
agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the 
relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating 
agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive 
evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency being included in such list as there may be delays 
between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and publication of an 
updated ESMA list. Limited information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised or withdrawn by its assigning rating agency at any time. 
 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by 
a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for 
a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in 
the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information 
with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 52 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 37 - 
75-41033197 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central Bank 
and DFSA shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the 2021 Group Financial Statements (an electronic copy of which is available at http://www.rns-
pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/5544C_1-2022-2-23.pdf); 
2. 
the 2020 Group Financial Statements (an electronic copy of which is available at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202103/5e9304e6-c024-4dfa-93ee-
0f7f481d3066.pdf); 
3. 
the auditors' report and the audited consolidated financial statements of Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (an electronic copy of which is available 
at http://www.rns-pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/5548C_1-2022-2-23.pdf); 
4. 
the auditors' report and the audited consolidated financial statements of Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (an electronic copy of which is available 
at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202103/1d7b3ff2-
2aa3-45f3-b27e-ad8bce3d801f.pdf); 
5. 
the auditors' report and the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021 (an electronic copy of which is available at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202205/0fdc37d7-e2ed-48dd-bb29-1bad05d531ad.pdf); 
6. 
the auditors' report and the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020 (an electronic copy of which is available at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202103/603b2380-7830-46a6-bcfb-a506e2d42ae0.pdf); 
7. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 58-97 (inclusive) in the Base Prospectus 
dated 23 May 2012 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme (the "2012 Terms 
and 
Conditions") 
(an 
electronic 
copy 
of 
which 
is 
available 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/2012%20Base%20Prospectus_7389a20c-6df1-4277-a601-
cbf932adc9d1.pdf); 
8. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 49-96 (inclusive) in the Base Prospectus 
dated 29 April 2014 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme (the "2014 Terms 
and 
Conditions") 
(an 
electronic 
copy 
of 
which 
is 
available 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_6de628be-ad57-4ead-9441-
a862ccf20ad7.PDF?v=3022015); 
9. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 67-116 (inclusive) in the Base 
Prospectus dated 7 April 2015 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme (the "2015 
Terms 
and 
Conditions") 
(an 
electronic 
copy 
of 
which 
is 
available 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_e7fb1557-45a2-474a-89cd-
c26cdcbd5672.pdf); 
10. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 44-86 (inclusive) in the Base Prospectus 
dated 17 May 2016 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme (the "2016 Terms 
and 
Conditions") 
(an 
electronic 
copy 
of 
which 
is 
available 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_c8b95c73-a2d7-453c-af61-
012e70bcb8b1.pdf); 
11. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 43-84 (inclusive) in the Base Prospectus 
dated 12 June 2017 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme (the "2017 Terms 
and 
Conditions") 
(an 
electronic 
copy 
of 
which 
is 
available 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Final%20Base%20Prospectus-GMTN%202017_6a31e26b-
4a95-4bb3-9279-9e4d61114e27.pdf); 
12. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 47-88 (inclusive) in the Base Prospectus 
dated 12 June 2018 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme (the "2018 Terms 
and 
Conditions") 
(an 
electronic 
copy 
of 
which 
is 
available 
at

--- Page 53 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 38 - 
75-41033197 
 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Final%20GMTN%20base%20prospectus%20-%2012%20Ju
ne_145cbdad-f28f-426a-bc19-60ea5b3df660.PDF); 
13. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 52-83 (inclusive) in the Base Prospectus 
dated 8 April 2019 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme (the "2019 Terms 
and Conditions") (an electronic copy of which is available at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_453b6648-e686-48b0-9739-
de0c8ff9c179.pdf); and 
14. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 52-96 (inclusive) in the Base Prospectus 
dated 31 March 2021 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme (the "2021 Terms 
and Conditions") (an electronic copy of which is available at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_c8b95c73-a2d7-453c-af61-
012e70bcb8b1.pdf). 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the 
specified offices of the Principal Paying Agent for the time being in London. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The parts of the above-mentioned documents which are not incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus are either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Those parts of each of the 2021 Group Financial Statements, 2020 Group Financial Statements, Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties' audited financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020, the Issuer's audited financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020, the 2012 Terms and Conditions, the 2014 Terms and Conditions, the 2015 Terms and 
Conditions, the 2016 Terms and Conditions, the 2017 Terms and Conditions, the 2018 Terms and 
Conditions and the 2019 Terms and Conditions and the 2021 Terms and Conditions which are not 
specifically incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are either not relevant for the investor or are 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus in accordance 
with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate 
amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further base prospectus which, in respect of any 
subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin, shall constitute a supplemental base prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or any statement contained in a 
document, all or a portion of which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein), shall be deemed to 
be modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained 
herein modifies or supersedes such statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute 
a part of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake 
or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus 
for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any amendment or supplement hereto and with 
any other document incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 54 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 39 - 
75-41033197 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or 
registered form, without interest coupons attached. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act and Registered Notes will be issued both outside the 
United States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S and within the United 
States to QIBs, in reliance on Rule 144A or otherwise in private transactions that are exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
BEARER NOTES 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note (a "Temporary 
Bearer Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a 
"Permanent Bearer Global Note" and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a "Bearer 
Global Note") which, in either case, will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for, Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note only to the extent that 
certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary 
Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the 
certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request 
as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons 
attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to 
such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of 
beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that 
purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) will not be able to 
receive definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to 
collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon 
due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer 
Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg against presentation or surrender (as the case 
may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free 
of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest 
coupons and talons attached upon either (a) not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer 
Global Note) to the Principal Paying Agent as described therein or (b) only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in 
Condition 11) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or 
have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become 
subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the 
Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to such effect signed by two Directors of 
the Issuer is given to the Issuer. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the Common Depositary on their behalf (acting on the instructions of 
any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) or the Issuer may give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as

--- Page 55 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 40 - 
75-41033197 
 
described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. 
Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by 
the Principal Paying Agent. Where interests in a Bearer Global Note are exchanged to definitive Bearer 
Notes in circumstances other than in the limited circumstances specified in the relevant Bearer Global Note, 
such definitive Bearer Notes will be issued in and only be allowed to trade in the Specified Denomination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if Notes are to be issued with a minimum Specified Denomination and in 
integral multiples of another smaller amount in excess thereof as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Notes cannot be represented on issue by a Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Notes. Similarly, the exchange of a Permanent Bearer Global Note for definitive Bearer Notes should not 
be expressed to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms if the Bearer Notes are issued with a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and on 
all interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of 
such Notes, receipts or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
REGISTERED NOTES 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities 
Act, which will be sold to non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a 
global note in registered form (a "Regulation S Global Note"). Prior to expiry of the distribution 
compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in 
a Regulation S Global Note may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person 
save as otherwise provided in Condition 2 and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Regulation S Global Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions 
on transfer. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. persons may only be 
offered and sold in private transactions (i) to QIBs or (ii) Institutional Accredited Investors who execute 
and deliver an IAI Investment Letter, among other things, (as defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes") in which they agree to purchase the Notes for their own account and not with a view to the 
distribution thereof. The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a global 
note in registered form (a "Rule 144A Global Note" and, together with a Regulation S Global Note, each 
a "Registered Global Note"). No sale of Legended Notes in the United States to any one purchaser will be 
for less than U.S.$200,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount. 
Registered Global Notes will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of, the Depository Trust Company ("DTC") or (ii) be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common 
Depositary of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons 
holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, 
under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered 
form. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in definitive form, 
registered in the name of the holder thereof ("Definitive IAI Registered Notes"). Unless otherwise set 
forth in the applicable Final Terms, Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be issued only in minimum 
denominations of U.S.$500,000 and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof (or the approximate

--- Page 56 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 41 - 
75-41033197 
 
equivalents in the applicable Specified Currency). Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be subject to the 
restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear the restrictive legend described under "Subscription 
and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". Institutional Accredited Investors that hold Definitive IAI 
Registered Notes may not elect to hold such Notes through DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
but transferees acquiring such Notes in transactions exempt from Securities Act registration pursuant to 
Regulation S or Rule 144A under the Securities Act (if available) may do so upon satisfaction of the 
requirements applicable to such transfer as described under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". The Registered Global Notes and the Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be subject to 
certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
7.4) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuer, the Guarantors, any Paying 
Agent, the Trustee or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered 
Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the 
relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 7.4) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the 
manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing, (ii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either 
DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the Notes and 
no alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered 
under the Exchange Act and, in any such case, no alternative clearing system is available, (iii) in the case 
of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in 
any such case, no successor clearing system is available or (iv) the Issuer has or will become subject to 
adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Registered Global 
Note in definitive form and a certificate to that effect signed by two Directors of the Issuer is given to the 
Trustee. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 if an 
Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of 
an interest in such Registered Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Registrar requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iv) above, the Issuer 
may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 
days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
TRANSFER OF INTERESTS 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note or in the form 
of a Definitive IAI Registered Note and Definitive IAI Registered Notes may, subject to compliance with 
all applicable restrictions, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest 
in a Registered Global Note. No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to 
transfer such interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. Registered Notes are also subject to the 
restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions, see 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
GENERAL 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche 
of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of

--- Page 57 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 42 - 
75-41033197 
 
such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN and, where applicable, a CUSIP and CINS 
number which are different from the common code, ISIN, CUSIP and CINS assigned to Notes of any other 
Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single series, which 
shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee. 
No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder (each as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes") shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or either Guarantor unless the Trustee, having 
become bound so to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable period, or is unable for any reason so to do, 
and the failure or inability shall be continuing. In addition, holders of interests in such Global Note credited 
to their accounts with DTC may require DTC to deliver definitive Notes in registered form in exchange for 
their interest in such Global Note in accordance with DTC's standard operating procedures. 
The Issuer and the Guarantors may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a new Base Prospectus or a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of 
the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 58 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 43 - 
75-41033197 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly 
completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS– The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[EU MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, 
and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act Chapter 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore (the "SFA") - Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to Sections 
309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act Chapter 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore)(as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital

--- Page 59 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 44 - 
75-41033197 
 
markets products "]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018]. 
Date: [•] 
MAF GLOBAL SECURITIES LIMITED 
Issue of [•] [•] 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by 
Majid Al Futtaim Holding LLC and Majid Al Futtaim Properties LLC 
under the U.S.$3,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 15 June 2022 [and the base prospectus supplement dated [•]] which together 
constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"). 
This document constitutes the applicable Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus as so supplemented. 
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantors and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of 
the combination of these applicable Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplementary prospectus[es]] [is/are] available for viewing in accordance 
with 
Article 
21 
of 
the 
EU 
Prospectus 
Regulation 
on 
Euronext 
Dublin's 
website 
at 
www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin,the website of Nasdaq Dubai at http://www.nasdaqdubai.com and 
during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer at c/o Maples Corporate Services Limited, 
P.O. Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands and copies may be obtained 
from the registered office of the Principal Paying Agent at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5LB, United Kingdom. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of, and shall be read in 
conjunction with, the Conditions (the "Conditions") contained in the Agency Agreement dated [•] and set 
forth in the base prospectus dated [23 May 2012/29 April 2014/7 April 2015/17 May 2016/12 June 2017/12 
June 2018/8 April 2019/31 March 2021] which are incorporated by reference into the base prospectus dated 
15 June 2022 (the "Base Prospectus"). This document [constitutes the applicable Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and] must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus [and the supplemental prospectus dated [•]] [which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the 
Conditions]. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantors and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these Final Terms [and] the Base Prospectus [, and the supplemental 
prospectus dated [•]]. Copies of such Base Prospectuses are available for viewing in accordance with Article 
21 
of 
the 
EU 
Prospectus 
Regulation 
on 
Euronext 
Dublin's 
website 
at 
www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin,, the website of Nasdaq Dubai at http://www.nasdaqdubai.com and 
during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer at c/o Maples Corporate Services Limited, 
P.O. Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands and copies may be obtained 
from the registered office of the Principal Paying Agent at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5LB, United Kingdom.][All references to the EU Prospectus Regulation should be removed if 
an issuance is not EU Prospectus Regulation compliant.] 
1. 
(a) 
Issuer: 
MAF Global Securities Limited 
 
 
(b) 
Issuer 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier (LEI): 
54930037VUDNYTS17017 
 
 
(c) 
Guarantors: 
Majid Al Futtaim Holding LLC 
 
 
 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties LLC 
 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
 
[(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[•]]

--- Page 60 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 45 - 
75-41033197 
 
 
[(c) 
Date on which the Notes 
became fungible: 
[•]] 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Series 
[•] 
 
 
[(b) 
Tranche 
[•]] 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date]] 
 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[•] / [Issue Date] / [Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] / [Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [•]] 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
 
[[EURIBOR]+/-[•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
 
 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal amount.] 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
 
[Partly Paid - Condition 8.6 applies] 
 
 
 
[Instalment - Condition 8.7 applies] 
 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[[See paragraphs 14 and 15 below]/[Not Applicable].] 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below in paragraph 
17/18/19)] 
 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee: 
Senior 
 
 
(c) 
Date Board approval for 
issuance 
of 
Notes 
obtained: 
[•]

--- Page 61 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 46 - 
75-41033197 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/[•]] in arrear] 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date]/[•] 
 
 
(c) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
 
(b) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
 
(c) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate 
of Interest and Interest 
Amount 
is 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
 
(e) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
(if 
not 
the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
 
(f) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[[•] per cent., calculated in accordance with Condition 
6.2(b)(ii)] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest Period]/ 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[•] 
 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 (i) ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions]

--- Page 62 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 47 - 
75-41033197 
 
 
(ii) 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[•] (Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) if 2021 ISDA Definitions selected) 
 
 
(iii) 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
 
 
(iv) 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[first date of 
the relevant Interest Period] [First date of the relevant 
Interest Period] 
 
 
(v) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(vi) 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
 
(vii) Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(viii) [Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•] 
/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•] /[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
 
(1x) 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(x) 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift

--- Page 63 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 48 - 
75-41033197 
 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•] 
/[Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
[Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable - the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation]] 
 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(j) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(k) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
 
30/360 
 
 
 
30E/360 
 
 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amounts and 
late payment: 
[Conditions 8.5(c) and 8.10 apply/[•]] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable - Condition 8.3 applies][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•]

--- Page 64 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 49 - 
75-41033197 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
Notice period (if other 
than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[•] 
 
18. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable - Condition 8.4 applies][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(c) 
Notice period (if other 
than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[•] 
 
19. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Change 
of 
Control 
Redemption Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/[•]] 
 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount [If an issuance is EU 
Prospectus Regulation compliant, final redemption will 
always be at par.] 
 
21. 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default 
and/or the method of calculating 
the same: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
[Final Redemption Amount] 
[Amortised Face Amount, calculated in accordance with 
Condition 8.5(c)] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable for 
definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
 
[Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$[•] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
 
 
 
[Rule 144A Global Note (U.S.$[•] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]

--- Page 65 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 50 - 
75-41033197 
 
 
 
[Definitive IAI Registered Notes] 
 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Days: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts 
to 
be 
attached 
to 
definitive Notes in bearer form 
(and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No] 
 
25. 
Details relating to Partly Paid 
Notes: amount of each payment 
comprising the Issue Price and 
date on which each payment is to 
be: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[•] payable on Issue Date]] / [[•] payable on [insert 
date(s)]] 
 
26. 
Details relating to Instalment 
Notes: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
27. 
Redenomination applicable: 
Redenomination [not] applicable 
 
28. 
RMB Currency Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/[RMB 
Illiquidity][RMB 
Non-
Transferability][RMB Inconvertibility], as determined in 
accordance with Condition 7.9] 
 
29. 
Financial covenants: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Total Net Indebtedness to 
Total Equity Ratio: 
[Does not exceed 1:1, as set out in Condition 4]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
EBITDA to Net Finance 
Costs Ratio: 
[Not less than 1.5:1, as set out in Condition 4]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(c) 
Secured Assets to Total 
Assets Percentage: 
[Not to exceed an amount equal to 49 per cent. of the 
Total Assets of the Group, as set out in Condition 4]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
30. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Category 2; [Rule 144A/Section 4(a)(2)] TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
[RESPONSIBILITY 
[Relevant third-party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. Each of MAF Global 
Securities Limited, Majid Al Futtaim Holding LLC and Majid Al Futtaim Properties LLC confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of

--- Page 66 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 51 - 
75-41033197 
 
MAF GLOBAL SECURITIES LIMITED: 
 
 
By:  ....................................................................... 
By:  ....................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of 
Signed on behalf of 
MAJID AL FUTTAIM HOLDING LLC: 
MAJID AL FUTTAIM PROPERTIES LLC: 
 
 
By:  ....................................................................... 
By:  ....................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
 
 
By:  ....................................................................... 
By:  ....................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 67 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 52 - 
75-41033197 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(a) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be admitted to trading on [Euronext Dublin's regulated market or Nasdaq Dubai and, if 
relevant, admission to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or the Official List maintained 
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority)] with effect from [•].][Note that Nasdaq Dubai 
is a non-regulated market for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation] 
[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
[Estimate of total expenses related to admission to trading: 
[•] / [Not Applicable]] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[S&P: 
[•]] 
[Fitch: 
[•]] 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] rated [•] by [•]/[are unrated].] 
[[Fitch] is established in the United Kingdom and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The rating issued by Fitch has been endorsed by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited. Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended).] 
[[S&P] is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended). The rating S&P has assigned is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited, which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.] 
3. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
[General corporate purposes]/[To fund or refinance, in whole or in part, a portfolio of Eligible 
Projects within Eligible Categories as set out in the Group's Green Finance Framework]/[•] 
Estimated net proceeds: [•] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer and the Guarantors are 
aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Manager/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, any may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the 
Issuer or the Guarantors or their affiliates in the ordinary course of business for which they may 
receive fees.] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[•]

--- Page 68 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 53 - 
75-41033197 
 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
(c) 
FISN: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not 
Available] 
(d) 
CFI: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not 
Available] 
(e) 
CUSIP: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
CINS: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Any clearing system(s) other than DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and the 
relevant identification number(s): [Not Applicable/[•]] 
(h) 
Delivery: Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(i) 
Names and addresses of additional Paying Agent(s) (if any): [•] / [Not Applicable] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(b) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/•] 
(c) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[•] 
(d) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/•] 
(e) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/•] 
(f) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(g) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" 
products, 
"Not 
Applicable" 
should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
(h) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" 
products, 
"Not 
Applicable" 
should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
(i) 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary]. 
As 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant 
to 
Article 
36 
(Register 
of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer 
is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of 
the EU Benchmark Regulation]/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in

--- Page 69 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 54 - 
75-41033197 
 
Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended 
apply, 
such 
that 
[name 
of 
administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration 
(or, 
if 
located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence)]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 70 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 55 - 
75-41033197 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes may 
specify terms and conditions which complete the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such 
Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached 
to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to "Form of the Notes" for a description 
of the content of the Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the 
relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by MAF Global Securities Limited (the 
"Issuer") constituted by an amended and restated trust deed dated 15 June 2022 (such trust deed as modified 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Trust Deed") made between the Issuer, Majid 
Al Futtaim Holding LLC ("Majid Al Futtaim Holding"), Majid Al Futtaim Properties LLC (together with 
Majid Al Futtaim Holding, the "Guarantors" and each a "Guarantor") and Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch (the "Trustee", which expression shall include all persons for the time being trustee or trustees 
appointed under the Trust Deed). 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") issued in exchange for a Global Note in 
bearer form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") (whether or not issued in exchange 
for a Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an 
amended and restated agency agreement dated 15 June 2022 (such agency agreement as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") and made between the Issuer, 
the Guarantors, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A. as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the 
"Principal Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent appointed 
from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the other paying agents named therein (together with 
the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or 
successor paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and as exchange agent 
(the "Exchange Agent", which expression shall include any successor exchange agent appointed from time 
to time in connection with the Notes) and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as registrar (the "Registrar", 
which expression shall include any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes) and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein 
(the "Transfer Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, if indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to 
Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons 
or talons. Definitive Bearer Notes repayable in instalments have receipts ("Receipts") for the payment of 
the instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Registered Notes and Global 
Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note and complete these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions") for the 
purposes of this Note. References to the "applicable Final Terms" are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.

--- Page 71 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 56 - 
75-41033197 
 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Noteholders (which expression shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the bearer of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes 
are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided 
below), the holders of the Receipts (the "Receiptholders") and the holders of the Coupons (the 
"Couponholders", which expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the 
Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, (unless this is a 
Zero Coupon Note) Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the registered office for the time being of the Principal Paying Agent being at Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom and at the specified office of each of 
the Registrar and the other Paying Agents, the Exchange Agent and the other Transfer Agents (such Agents 
and the Registrar being together referred to as the "Agents"). Copies of the applicable Final Terms are 
available for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and of the Principal Paying Agent and copies 
may be obtained from those offices save that, if this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder 
holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, the 
Trustee and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all 
the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are 
applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed 
or the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, 
in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and 
vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note depending upon 
the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note may be an Instalment Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery and 
title to the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer, each Guarantor, the Trustee and any Agent will 
(except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt or 
Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether 
or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice 
to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph.

--- Page 72 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 57 - 
75-41033197 
 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee and the Agents as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest 
on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global 
Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, 
each Guarantor, the Trustee and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions 
"Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
For so long as the Depository Trust Company ("DTC") or its nominee is the registered owner or 
holder of a Registered Global Note, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered 
the sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by such Registered Global Note for all purposes 
under the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement and the Notes except to the extent that in 
accordance with DTC's published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by 
its participants or beneficial owners through participants. 
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes as 
aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, 
in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be. References to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the 
Guarantors, the Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if 
appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and 
transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in 
definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in the Specified 
Denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement. Transfers of a Registered Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
DTC shall be limited to transfers of such Registered Global Note, in whole but not in part, to 
another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor's nominee. 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in Conditions 2.5, 2.6 and 2.7 below, upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions set forth in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive 
form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the Specified Denominations set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) 
surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant 
part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer 
thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly 
authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by

--- Page 73 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 58 - 
75-41033197 
 
the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, 
be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request. Any such 
transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from 
time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 5 to the Agency 
Agreement). Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business 
days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the 
specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as 
may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate 
and deliver, or procure the delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the 
transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered 
Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant 
part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note 
in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the 
Registered Note not transferred will be so delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the 
transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 8, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial 
redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any 
stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
2.5 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Notes 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or of 
a beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Global Note to a transferee in the United States or who is a 
U.S. person will only be made: 
(a) 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form set out in 
the Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a "Transfer Certificate"), copies of 
which are available from the specified office of any Transfer Agent, from the transferor 
of the Note or beneficial interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made: 
(i) 
to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A; or 
(ii) 
to a person who is an Institutional Accredited Investor, 
(iii) 
together with, in the case of (ii), a duly executed investment letter from the 
relevant transferee substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (an 
"IAI Investment Letter"); or 
(b) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by 
the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may 
include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable 
securities laws of any state of the United States, and, in each case, in accordance with any 
applicable securities laws of any State of the United States or any other jurisdiction. 
In the case of (a)(i) above, such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Note in global 
or definitive form and, in the case of (a)(ii) above, such transferee may take delivery only through 
a Legended Note in definitive form. After expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period 
(A) beneficial interests in Regulation S Global Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC 
may be held through DTC directly, by a participant in DTC, or indirectly through a participant in 
DTC and (B) such certification requirements will no longer apply to such transfers.

--- Page 74 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 59 - 
75-41033197 
 
2.6 
Transfers of interests in Legended Notes 
Transfers of Legended Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(a) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global Note, 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from the transferor 
to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S and that in 
the case of a Regulation S Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, if 
such transfer is being made prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance 
Period, the interests in the Notes being transferred will be held immediately thereafter 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(b) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Note: 
(i) 
where the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB 
in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without certification; or 
(ii) 
where the transferee is an Institutional Accredited Investor, subject to delivery to 
the Registrar of a Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the effect that such 
transfer is being made to an Institutional Accredited Investor, together with a duly 
executed IAI Investment Letter from the relevant transferee; or 
(c) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by 
the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may 
include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable 
securities laws of any State of the United States, and, in each case, in accordance with any 
applicable securities laws of any State of the United States or any other jurisdiction. 
Notes transferred by Institutional Accredited Investors to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A or outside 
the United States pursuant to Regulation S will be eligible to be held by such QIBs or non-U.S. 
investors through DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as appropriate, and the Registrar 
will arrange for any Notes which are the subject of such a transfer to be represented by the 
appropriate Registered Global Note, where applicable. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Notes, or upon specific request for 
removal of the Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Legended Notes or refuse to remove the 
Legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer such satisfactory evidence as 
may reasonably be required by the Issuer, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that 
neither the Legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
2.7 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form, other than Institutional Accredited Investors, may 
exchange such Notes for interests in a Registered Global Note of the same type at any time. 
2.8 
Definitions 
In this Condition 2, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
"Distribution Compliance Period" means the period that ends 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of each Tranche of Notes, as certified by the relevant Dealer (in the case of a non-
syndicated issue) or the relevant lead manager (in the case of a syndicated issue); 
"Institutional Accredited Investor" means "accredited investors" (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), 
(2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act) that are institutions; 
"Legended Note" means Registered Notes in definitive form that are issued to Institutional 
Accredited Investors and Registered Notes (whether in definitive form or represented by a 
Registered Global Note) sold in private transactions to QIBs in accordance with the requirements 
of Rule 144A which bear a legend specifying certain restrictions on transfer (a "Legend");

--- Page 75 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 60 - 
75-41033197 
 
"QIB" means a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A; 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
"Regulation S Global Note" means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold outside the 
United States in reliance on Regulation S; 
"Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act; 
"Rule 144A Global Note" means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold in the United 
States or to QIBs; and 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE 
3.1 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with 
all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time 
to time outstanding. 
3.2 
Status of the Guarantee 
The payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and all other moneys payable by the 
Issuer under or pursuant to the Trust Deed has been unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed, 
on a joint and several basis, by the Guarantors in the Trust Deed (the "Guarantee"). The 
obligations of each Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the relevant Guarantor and (save 
for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) rank equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of such Guarantor, from time to time 
outstanding. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGES AND OTHER COVENANTS 
4.1 
Negative pledges 
So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed): 
(a) 
the Issuer will not create, or have outstanding, any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other 
security interest (each a "Security Interest"), other than a Permitted Security Interest, 
upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues to secure 
any Relevant Indebtedness or Relevant Sukuk Obligation, or any guarantee or indemnity 
in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness or Relevant Sukuk Obligation, given by it without 
at the same time or prior thereto according to the Notes the same security as is created or 
subsisting to secure any such Relevant Indebtedness, Relevant Sukuk Obligation, 
guarantee or indemnity or such other security is provided either (i) as the Trustee shall in 
its absolute discretion deem not materially less beneficial to the interests of the 
Noteholders; or (ii) as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Trust Deed) of the Noteholders; and 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, each Guarantor has covenanted that it will not, 
and Majid Al Futtaim Holding has covenanted that it will ensure that no Principal 
Subsidiary (as defined in Condition 11) will, create, or have outstanding, any Security 
Interest, other than a Permitted Security Interest, upon the whole or any part of its present 
or future undertaking, assets or revenues to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or Relevant 
Sukuk Obligation, or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness 
or Relevant Sukuk Obligation, given by it without at the same time or prior thereto 
according to the Notes the same security as is created or subsisting to secure any such 
Relevant Indebtedness, Relevant Sukuk Obligation, guarantee or indemnity or such other

--- Page 76 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 61 - 
75-41033197 
 
security is provided either (i) as the Trustee shall in its absolute discretion deem not 
materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders; or (ii) as shall be approved 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. 
4.2 
Other Covenants 
If specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, so long as any Note remains 
outstanding, Majid Al Futtaim Holding undertakes that unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(a) 
it will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 11) to, create, 
issue, incur, assume, guarantee or in any manner become directly or indirectly liable with 
respect to or otherwise become responsible for, contingently or otherwise, the payment of 
(individually and collectively, to "Incur" or, as appropriate, an "Incurrence") any 
Financial Indebtedness (other than Permitted Financial Indebtedness); provided that 
Majid Al Futtaim Holding and its Subsidiaries will be permitted to Incur additional 
Financial Indebtedness if: 
(i) 
no potential Event of Default or Event of Default would occur and be continuing; 
and 
(ii) 
the ratio of Consolidated Total Net Indebtedness to Total Equity (the "Total Net 
Indebtedness to Total Equity Ratio") does not exceed a ratio of 1:1; and 
(iii) 
on the date of such Incurrence the ratio of Consolidated EBITDA to Consolidated 
Net Finance Costs (the "EBITDA to Net Finance Costs Ratio") is not less than 
1.5:1; and 
(b) 
it will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, grant any Security Interest over 
assets the value (calculated in the manner set out in the definition of Total Assets below) 
of which (when aggregated with the value of any other asset that is subject to a Security 
Interest which is not a Permitted Lien) exceeds an amount equal to 49 per cent. of the 
Total Assets of the Group at the time (the "Secured Assets to Total Assets Percentage"). 
The provisions of Condition 4.2(a) shall not apply for so long as Majid Al Futtaim Holding 
has Investment Grade Status. However, the provisions of Condition 4.2(a) shall 
immediately apply if and for so long as Majid Al Futtaim Holding ceases to have 
Investment Grade Status. 
4.3 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
"Borrowings" means, at any time, the outstanding principal, capital or nominal amount and any 
fixed or minimum premium payable on prepayment or redemption of any indebtedness for or in 
respect of Financial Indebtedness determined by reference to the most recent consolidated audited 
financial statements of the Group and, for the purposes of the definition of "Consolidated Total 
Net Indebtedness" only, taking account of the Incurrence or repayment of any Borrowings since 
that date; 
"Consolidated Cash and Cash Equivalents" means, at any time: 
(a) 
cash in hand or on deposit with any acceptable bank; 
(b) 
certificates of deposit, maturing within one year after the relevant date of calculation, 
issued by an acceptable bank; 
(c) 
any investment in marketable obligations issued or guaranteed by the government of the 
United States of America or the United Kingdom or any other government of a state having 
an equivalent credit rating (an "Acceptable Government") or by an instrumentality or 
agency of an Acceptable Government having an equivalent credit rating;

--- Page 77 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 62 - 
75-41033197 
 
(d) 
open market commercial paper: 
(i) 
for which a recognised trading market exists; 
(ii) 
issued in the United States of America or the United Kingdom; 
(iii) 
which matures within one (1) year after the relevant date of calculation; and 
(iv) 
which has a credit rating of either A-1 by Standard & Poor's or Fitch or P-1 by 
Moody's, or, if no rating is available in respect of the commercial paper, the issuer 
of which has, in respect of its long-term debt obligations, an equivalent rating; or 
(e) 
Sterling bills of exchange eligible for rediscount at the Bank of England and accepted by 
an acceptable bank or any dematerialised equivalent, in each case, to which any member 
of the Group is beneficially entitled at that time. An acceptable bank for this purpose is 
a commercial bank or trust company which has a rating of BBB minus or higher by 
Standard & Poor's or Fitch or Baa3 or higher by Moody's or a comparable rating from a 
nationally recognised credit rating agency for its long-term obligations; 
"Consolidated EBIT" means, in relation to any period, the consolidated operating profit of the 
Group before taxation: 
(a) 
before deducting any Consolidated Finance Costs; 
(b) 
not including any accrued interest owing to any member of the Group; 
(c) 
before taking into account any Exceptional Items; 
(d) 
after deducting the amount of any profit of any Non-Group Entity to the extent that the 
amount of the profit included in the most recently available audited consolidated financial 
statements of Majid Al Futtaim Holding exceeds the amount actually received in cash by 
members of the Group through distributions by the Non-Group Entity; and 
(e) 
before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any financial instrument (other 
than any derivative instrument which is accounted for on a hedge accounting basis), 
in each case, to the extent added, deducted or taken into account, as the case may be, for the 
purposes of determining operating profits of the Group before taxation; 
"Consolidated EBITDA" means, in relation to any period, Consolidated EBIT for the immediately 
preceding Measurement Period after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, 
depreciation or impairment of assets of members of the Group (and taking no account of the 
reversal of any previous impairment charge made in that period); 
"Consolidated Finance Costs" means, for any period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, 
commission, fees, discounts, prepayment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments 
in respect of Borrowings whether such amounts were paid or payable (but excluding any such 
amounts which were capitalised) by any member of the Group (calculated on a consolidated basis) 
during the immediately preceding Measurement Period: 
(a) 
including any amortised upfront management or arrangement fees or costs; 
(b) 
including the interest (but not the capital) element of payments in respect of Finance 
Leases; 
(c) 
including any commission, fees, discounts and other finance payments payable by (and 
deducting any such amounts payable to) any member of the Group under any interest rate 
hedging arrangement (other than an amount payable on the termination of any interest rate 
hedging agreement); and 
(d) 
excluding any dividends on preference shares, 
so that no amount shall be added (or deducted or excluded) more than once;

--- Page 78 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 63 - 
75-41033197 
 
"Consolidated Interest Receivable" means, in respect of any period, all interest and other 
financing charges received or receivable by the Group during the immediately preceding a 
Measurement Period calculated on a consolidated basis; 
"Consolidated Net Finance Costs" means, in respect of any period, Consolidated Finance Costs 
for the immediately preceding Measurement Period less Consolidated Interest Receivable for the 
immediately preceding Measurement Period calculated on a consolidated basis; 
"Consolidated Total Net Indebtedness" means at any time the aggregate amount of all 
obligations of the Group for or in respect of Borrowings but deducting the aggregate amount of 
Consolidated Cash and Cash Equivalents held by the Group at such time, and so that no amount 
shall be included or excluded more than once; 
"Exceptional Items" means any material items of an unusual or non-recurring nature which 
represent gains or losses including those arising on: 
(a) 
the restructuring of the activities of an entity and reversals of any provisions for the cost 
of restructuring; 
(b) 
disposals, revaluations or impairments of non-current assets (other than disposals of 
Investment Properties, to the extent they are classified as non-current assets); and 
(c) 
disposals of assets associated with discontinued operations; 
"Finance Lease" means any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with IFRS, 
be treated as a finance or capital lease; 
"Investment Grade Rating" means a rating equal to or higher than: (i) BBB- (or the equivalent) 
by Standard & Poor's; or (ii) BBB- (or the equivalent) by Fitch or in each case the equivalent 
thereof from any other Rating Agency (as applicable); 
"Investment Grade Status" means that Majid Al Futtaim Holding has an Investment Grade Rating 
from at least two Rating Agencies; 
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
moneys borrowed; 
(b) 
any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised 
equivalent; 
(c) 
any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, 
debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, 
in accordance with IFRS, be treated as a finance or capital lease; 
(e) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a 
non- recourse basis); 
(f) 
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any Non-recourse Project 
Financing, Securitisation and any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the 
commercial effect of a borrowing; 
(g) 
any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit 
from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative 
transaction, only the marked to market value shall be taken into account); 
(h) 
any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or 
documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial 
institution; and

--- Page 79 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 64 - 
75-41033197 
 
(i) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items 
referred to in paragraphs (a) to (h) (inclusive) above (but without double counting where 
Financial Indebtedness is both borrowed and guaranteed (or indemnified against) by 
different Group companies); 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Ltd.; 
"Group" means Majid Al Futtaim Holding and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards; 
"Investment Properties" means those assets designated as "Investment Properties" in the most 
recently available audited consolidated financial statements of Majid Al Futtaim Holding; 
"Measurement Period" means a period of 12 months ending on the last day of a financial year of 
Majid Al Futtaim Holding for which consolidated audited financial statements are prepared; 
"Moody's" means Moody's Investor Service, Inc.; 
"Non-Group Entity" means any investment or entity (which is not itself a member of the Group 
(including associates and joint ventures)) in which any member of the Group has an ownership 
interest; 
"Non-recourse Project Financing" means any financing of all or part of the costs of the 
acquisition, construction or development or any project, provided that (i) any Security Interest 
given by the Issuer, the relevant Guarantor or the relevant Principal Subsidiary, as the case may 
be, is limited solely to assets of the project; (ii) the person providing such financing expressly 
agrees to limit its recourse to the project financed and the revenues derived from such project as 
the principal source of repayment for the moneys advanced; and (iii) there is no other recourse to 
the Issuer, the relevant Guarantor or the relevant Principal Subsidiary, as the case may be, in respect 
of any default by any person under the financing; 
"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means: 
(a) 
any Financial Indebtedness outstanding on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; 
(b) 
Financial Indebtedness owed by Majid Al Futtaim Holding or any Subsidiary of Majid Al 
Futtaim Holding to Majid Al Futtaim Holding or any other Subsidiary of Majid Al Futtaim 
Holding; provided, however, that any subsequent disposition, pledge or transfer of such 
Financial Indebtedness (other than to Majid Al Futtaim Holding or a Subsidiary of Majid 
Al Futtaim Holding) shall be deemed, in each case, to constitute the Incurrence of such 
Financial Indebtedness by the obligor thereof; 
(c) 
Financial Indebtedness of Majid Al Futtaim Holding or a Subsidiary of Majid Al Futtaim 
Holding Incurred and outstanding on or prior to the date on which such Subsidiary became 
a Subsidiary of Majid Al Futtaim Holding (other than Financial Indebtedness Incurred in 
connection with, or to provide all or any portion of the funds or credit support utilised to 
consummate, the transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which the 
Subsidiary became a Subsidiary of Majid Al Futtaim Holding); 
(d) 
Refinancing Financial Indebtedness Incurred by Majid Al Futtaim Holding or a Subsidiary 
of Majid Al Futtaim Holding in respect of Financial Indebtedness Incurred by Majid Al 
Futtaim Holding or a Subsidiary of Majid Al Futtaim Holding pursuant to Condition 4.2(a) 
or pursuant to paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) above; 
(e) 
any amounts owed to suppliers in respect of goods supplied in the ordinary course of 
business; and 
(f) 
any amounts owed in respect of transactions entered into (including, without limitation, 
letters of credit) to facilitate trade finance in the ordinary course of business;

--- Page 80 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 65 - 
75-41033197 
 
"Permitted Lien" means: 
(a) 
any Security Interest comprising a netting or set-off arrangement entered into by a member 
of the Group in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting 
debit and credit balances; and 
(b) 
any lien arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of business; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(a) 
any Security Interest existing on the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of the Notes; 
(b) 
any Security Interest securing the Relevant Indebtedness or Relevant Sukuk Obligation of 
a person existing at the time that such person is merged into, or consolidated with, the 
Issuer, the relevant Guarantor or the relevant Principal Subsidiary, as the case may be, 
provided that such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such merger or 
consolidation and does not extend to any other assets or property of the Issuer, the relevant 
Guarantor or the relevant Principal Subsidiary, as the case may be; 
(c) 
any Security Interest existing on any property or assets prior to the acquisition thereof by 
the Issuer, the relevant Guarantor or the relevant Principal Subsidiary, as the case may be, 
and not created in contemplation of such acquisition; or 
(d) 
any renewal of or substitution for any Security Interest permitted by any of paragraphs (a) 
to (c) (inclusive) of this definition, provided that with respect to any such Security 
Interest the principal amount secured has not increased and the Security Interest has not 
been extended to any additional assets (other than the proceeds of such assets); 
"Rating Agencies" means (i) Standard & Poor's, (ii) Fitch and (iii) if any one or more of Standard 
& Poor's or Fitch do not make a rating of Majid Al Futtaim Holding publicly available, one or 
more internationally recognised securities rating agencies selected by Majid Al Futtaim Holding; 
"Refinancing" means, in respect of any Financial Indebtedness, to refinance, extend, renew, 
refund, repay, prepay, purchase, redeem, defease or retire, or to issue other Financial Indebtedness 
in exchange or replacement for, such Financial Indebtedness; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness (as defined in Condition 11), other than 
Indebtedness incurred in connection with a Non-recourse Project Financing or a Securitisation, 
which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock, 
certificates or other securities which for the time being are, or are intended to be or are capable of 
being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities 
market; 
"Relevant Sukuk Obligation" means any Sukuk Obligation (as defined in Condition 11), other 
than a Sukuk Obligation incurred in connection with a Non-recourse Project Financing or a 
Securitisation, where the trust certificates or instruments, as the case may be, concerned for the 
time being are, or are intended to be or are capable of being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on 
any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market; 
"Securitisation" means any securitisation of existing or future assets and/or revenues, provided 
that (i) any Security Interest given by the Issuer, the relevant Guarantor or the relevant Principal 
Subsidiary, as the case may be, in connection therewith is limited solely to the assets and/or 
revenues which are the subject of the securitisation; (ii) each person participating in such 
securitisation expressly agrees to limit its recourse to the assets and/or revenues so securitised as 
the principal source of repayment for the money advanced or payment of any other liability; and 
(iii) there is no other recourse to the Issuer, the relevant Guarantor or the relevant Principal 
Subsidiary, as the case may be, in respect of any default by any person under the securitisation; 
"Standard & Poor's" means Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services France SAS;

--- Page 81 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 66 - 
75-41033197 
 
"Total Assets" means the aggregate value (less depreciation computed in accordance with 
international accounting standards) of all assets of the Group which are treated as assets determined 
in accordance with IFRS, as shown in the most recently available audited consolidated financial 
statements of Majid Al Futtaim Holding or, if no such value is specified in those most recently 
available financial statements, the fair market value of such assets; and 
"Total Equity" means at any time the aggregate of the amounts paid up or credited as paid up on 
the issued ordinary share capital of the Group including minority interests (on a consolidated basis) 
and the aggregate of the amounts standing to the credit of the reserves of each member of the Group, 
including any amount credited to the share premium account and revaluation reserves, determined 
by reference to the most recent consolidated audited financial statements of the Group, but adding 
or deducting (as the case may be): 
(a) 
(to the extent included) any amount shown in respect of goodwill or other intangible assets 
of each member of the Group; 
(b) 
(to the extent included) any provision or credit for deferred taxation which relates to the 
revaluation of any item which is excluded from the calculation of Total Equity; 
(c) 
any amount in respect of any dividend or distribution declared, recommended or made by 
any member of the Group and to the extent such distribution is not provided for in the 
most recently available audited consolidated financial statements of Majid Al Futtaim 
Holding; and 
(d) 
the amount raised in respect of any issue of ordinary share capital, including amounts 
credited to share premium account, 
and so that no amount shall be included or excluded more than once. 
5. 
REDENOMINATION 
5.1 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may, without the consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, on giving 
prior notice to the Principal Paying Agent, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and at least 30 
days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, elect that, with effect from 
the Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the Notes shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(a) 
the Notes and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the 
denomination of euro 0.01 with a nominal amount for each Note and Receipt equal to the 
nominal amount of that Note or Receipt in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at 
the Established Rate, provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee, that the then market practice in respect of the 
redenomination in euro of internationally offered securities is different from the provisions 
specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such 
market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, each listing authority 
(if any), the stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes may be listed and the Agents of 
such deemed amendments; 
(b) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph 
(d) below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by reference 
to the aggregate nominal amount of Notes held (or, as the case may be, in respect of which 
Coupons are presented for payment) by the relevant holder and the amount of such 
payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(c) 
if definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall be 
issued at the expense of the Issuer (i) in the case of Relevant Notes in the denomination of 
euro 100,000 and/or such higher amounts as the Principal Paying Agent may determine 
and notify to the Noteholders and any remaining amounts less than euro 100,000 shall be

--- Page 82 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 67 - 
75-41033197 
 
redeemed by the Issuer and paid to the Noteholders in euro in accordance with Condition 
7; and (ii) in the case of Notes which are not Relevant Notes, in the denominations of euro 
1,000, euro 10,000, euro 100,000 and (but only to the extent of any remaining amounts 
less than euro 1,000 or such smaller denominations as the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Trustee may approve) euro 0.01 and such other denominations as the Principal Paying 
Agent shall determine and notify to the Noteholders; 
(d) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with effect 
from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Exchange Notice") that replacement 
euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons are available for exchange (provided 
that such securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. 
The payment obligations contained in any Notes and Receipts so issued will also become 
void on that date although those Notes and Receipts will continue to constitute valid 
exchange obligations of the Issuer. New euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
will be issued in exchange for Notes, Receipts and Coupons denominated in the Specified 
Currency in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent may specify and as shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be given 
less than 15 days prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on the Notes; 
(e) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the 
Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the Notes to the 
Specified Currency were to euro. Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a 
euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified 
by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; 
(f) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an 
Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated: 
(i) 
in the case of the Notes represented by a Global Note, by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by 
such Global Note; and 
(ii) 
in the case of definitive Notes, by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding; and 
(g) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify any relevant 
changes to the provisions relating to interest. 
5.2 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Union 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 of 
the Treaty; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty;

--- Page 83 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 68 - 
75-41033197 
 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment of 
interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case specified by 
the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 5.1 above and which falls 
on or after the date on which the country of the Specified Currency first participates in the third 
stage of European economic and monetary union; 
"Relevant Notes" means all Notes where the applicable Final Terms provide for a minimum 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency which is equivalent to at least euro 100,000 and 
which are admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA; and 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
6. 
INTEREST 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date 
in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed 
Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of 
any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note (or, 
if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where 
the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of 
the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance 
with this Condition 6.1: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the "Accrual 
Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or

--- Page 84 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 69 - 
75-41033197 
 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 
360. 
In these Conditions: 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
6.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression 
shall, in these Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) 
if there is no numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an 
Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 6.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (b) below shall

--- Page 85 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 70 - 
75-41033197 
 
apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (1) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(2) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day 
in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London and any Additional Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively), (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET 2) System 
(the TARGET 2 System) is open or (3) in relation to any sum payable in 
Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which 
commercial banks in Hong Kong are generally open for business and settlement 
of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
subparagraph (i), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by 
the Principal Paying Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal 
Paying Agent were acting as Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
(A) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions:

--- Page 86 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 71 - 
75-41033197 
 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
unless otherwise, specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the 
meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions. 
(4) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating 
Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
 if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
then (a) Compounding with Lookback is the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is 
specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift 
is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms 
then (a) Compounding with Lockout is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, 
if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(5) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating 
Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
 if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms then 
(a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number 
of Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is 
specified as the Averaging Method in the relevant 
Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Overnight 
Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number 
of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as

--- Page 87 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 72 - 
75-41033197 
 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms then 
(a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(6) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) and Index 
Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) shall be applicable 
and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
references in the ISDA definitions to: 
(1) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest 
Period; 
(3) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the final Interest 
Period End Date"; 
(4) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest 
Commencement Date; and 
(5) 
"Administrator/Benchmark 
Event" 
in 
the 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions shall be disapplied. 
(C) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication – 
Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication– 
Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(A) 
"Floating Rate, Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to 
those terms in the ISDA Definitions; 
(B) 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(or any successor); 
(C) 
"ISDA Definitions" means in relation to any Series of Notes:

--- Page 88 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 73 - 
75-41033197 
 
(1) 
unless "2021 ISDA Definitions" are specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as amended and supplemented as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant such Series), as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (or any successor) ("ISDA") (copies of which 
may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); or 
(2) 
if "2021 ISDA Definitions" are specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of the ISDA 2021 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as 
defined therein) (and any successor thereto), each as published 
by ISDA on its website (http://www.isda.org), on the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) (the "Specified Time") on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent 
for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no 
offered quotation appears or if, in the case of (B), fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Principal Paying 
Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Principal Paying 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Principal Paying Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Principal Paying Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be 
the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent determines as being the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) 
the Principal Paying Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them,

--- Page 89 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 74 - 
75-41033197 
 
at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with offered rates, 
the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent 
it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided 
that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate 
of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as provided in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.2(b)(ii), "Reference Banks" means, in the 
case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four 
major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Issuer. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, determine the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") 
payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate 
of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;

--- Page 90 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 75 - 
75-41033197 
 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note 
in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable 
in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 6.2: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
[360×(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 91 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 76 - 
75-41033197 
 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360×(Y2-Y1) +[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360×(Y2-Y1) +[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which

--- Page 92 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 77 - 
75-41033197 
 
shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period however that if 
there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by 
reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate. 
"Designated Maturity" means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate; and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the 
Designated Maturity. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the other Paying Agents and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance 
with Condition 15 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. If the Calculation Amount is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination, the Principal Paying Agent shall not be obliged to 
publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and 
the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for general business in London. 
(g) 
Determination or Calculation by Trustee 
If for any reason at any relevant time the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, 
the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to determine the Rate of Interest or the 
Principal Paying Agent defaults in its obligation to calculate any Interest Amount in 
accordance with subparagraph (b)(i) or subparagraph (b)(ii) above or as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, and in each case in accordance 
with paragraph (d) above, the Trustee shall determine the Rate of Interest at such rate as, 
in its discretion (having such regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition, but subject always to any Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of 
Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms), it shall deem fair and reasonable in all 
the circumstances (having such regard as it thinks fit to paragraph (b) above) or, as the 
case may be, the Trustee shall calculate the Interest Amount(s) in accordance with 
paragraph (d) above and each such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have 
been made by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 6.2, whether by the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation 
Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if 
applicable), the other Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and 
(in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantors, the 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying 
Agent, if applicable, the Calculation Agent or the Trustee in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.

--- Page 93 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 78 - 
75-41033197 
 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of Condition 6.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), 
if the Issuer and the Guarantors determine that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation 
to the relevant Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms when any Rate 
applicable to the Notes for any Rate of Interest remains to be determined by such 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer and the Guarantors shall use their reasonable endeavours to appoint, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, an Independent Adviser to determine no later than 
five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to 
the next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-Off Date"), a 
Successor Rate or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate and, in either case, if applicable, an Adjustment Spread for the 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes; 
(ii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate 
or, failing which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the 
Reference Rate for each future Interest Period in respect of such Notes (subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
6.2(i) (Benchmark Replacement)); 
(iii) 
the Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as the case may be); 
(iv) 
if any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 6.2(i) (Benchmark Replacement) 
and the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Issuer and the 
Guarantors) determines: (1) that amendments to these Conditions (including, 
without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, 
Business Day, Business Day Convention, Interest Determination Date or 
Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments"); and (2) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then, at the direction and expense of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors and subject to delivery of a notice in accordance with Condition 
6.2(i)(v): (x) the Issuer, the Guarantors, and the Agents shall, without a 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions 
and the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice, provided that no Agent shall be 
required to effect any such Benchmark Amendments if the same would impose, 
in its opinion, more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any liability against 
which it is not adequately indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction or impose any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or 
reduce or amend its rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to it. Prior to 
any such Benchmark Amendments taking effect: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall provide a certificate signed by a director or a duly 
authorised signatory of the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent; and 
(B) 
each Guarantor shall provide a certificate signed by a duly authorised 
signatory of each Guarantor to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. 
certifying that such Benchmark Amendments are: (x) in the Issuer's and the 
Guarantors (as the case may be) reasonable opinion (following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser), necessary to give effect to any application of this 
Condition 6.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes); and (y) in each case, have been 
drafted solely to such effect, and the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent (as the case may 
be) shall be entitled to rely on such certificates without further enquiry or liability

--- Page 94 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 79 - 
75-41033197 
 
to any person. For the avoidance of doubt, no Agent shall be liable to the 
Noteholders or any other person for so acting or relying on such notice, 
irrespective of whether any such modification is or may be prejudicial to the 
interests of any such Noteholders or person; 
(v) 
the Issuer (failing whom, the Guarantors) shall promptly, following the 
determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and or 
Adjustment Spread (as applicable) and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, give notice to the Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices), the Noteholders confirming: (1) that a Benchmark Event has occurred; 
(2) the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); (3) any 
applicable Adjustment Spread; and (4) the specific terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any); 
(vi) 
if, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Reference Rate on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined pursuant to the above provisions, then the Reference 
Rate shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or, 
if there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be 
determined as for the first Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
Condition 6.2(i)(vi) shall apply to the relevant immediately following Interest 
Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.2(i); and 
(vii) 
the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.2(i) shall act and 
make all determinations pursuant to this Condition 6.2(i) in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and the Independent Adviser, shall act as an 
expert. In the absence of bad faith, wilful default or fraud, the Independent 
Adviser shall not have any liability whatsoever to the Noteholders in connection 
with any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 6.2(i). 
In this Condition, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either: (i) a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero); or (ii) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be), and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the relevant 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(2) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Reference Rate) the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the 
Issuer and the Guarantors) determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the relevant Reference Rate; 
(3) 
(if the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Issuer and the 
Guarantors) determines that no such spread, formula or methodology is 
customarily applied) the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the 
Issuer and the Guarantors) determines is recognized or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the relevant Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); or 
(4) 
(if the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Issuer and the 
Guarantors) determines that there is no such industry standard) the Independent

--- Page 95 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 80 - 
75-41033197 
 
Adviser (following consultation with the Issuer and the Guarantors) determines 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) in its sole 
discretion to be appropriate; 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Issuer and the Guarantors) 
determines, in accordance with Condition 6.2(i) (Benchmark Replacement), is customarily 
applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining 
interest rates in the same Specified Currency as the Notes and of a comparable duration to 
the relevant Interest Period or, if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no such 
rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser determines in its sole discretion is most 
comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the relevant Reference Rate ceasing to be published on the Relevant Screen Page 
as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will, by a specified future date (a "Specified Future Date"), 
cease publishing the relevant Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the relevant Reference Rate); 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that the relevant Reference Rate has been or will, by a Specified 
Future Date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the relevant Reference Rate will, by 
a Specified Future Date, be prohibited from being used either generally, or in 
respect of the Notes; 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no 
longer representative of an underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has, or will by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Issuer and the Guarantors to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate, 
provided that, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement within 
paragraphs (ii), (iii) or (iv) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement is 
more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall 
not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future 
Date; 
"Financial Stability Board" means the organisation established by the Group of Twenty 
(G20) in April 2009; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer, Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties and the Guarantors' expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: (i) the central bank 
for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Reference Rate; or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the request of: (A) the central bank for the currency to which 
the Reference Rate relates; (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate; (C) a group of the

--- Page 96 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 81 - 
75-41033197 
 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities; or (D) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer and the Guarantors) determines is a successor to or replacement of the relevant 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6.3 
Interest on Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.4 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to 
accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
as provided in the Trust Deed. 
7. 
PAYMENTS 
7.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option 
of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of 
the payee, by a euro cheque; and 
(c) 
payments in Renminbi will be made by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or 
on behalf of the Noteholder with a bank in Hong Kong. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9. 
7.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in Condition 7.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, 
in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments 
of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as 
aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including 
the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its 
jurisdiction)). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Bearer Notes, other than the 
final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 7.1 
above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due,

--- Page 97 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 82 - 
75-41033197 
 
endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the 
final instalment will be made in the manner provided in Condition 7.1 above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
relevant Bearer Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented 
for payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive Bearer Note to which it 
appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Bearer Note to which they appertain do not 
constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any definitive Bearer Note 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount 
of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the 
relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 9) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise 
have become void under Condition 10) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is 
less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long 
Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining 
to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender 
of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
7.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in 
bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made against presentation or 
surrender of any Global Note in bearer form, distinguishing between any payment of principal and 
any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was 
presented and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been 
made. 
7.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in respect 
of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Note at 
the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by 
transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint 
holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the "Register") (i) where in global form, at the close of the business

--- Page 98 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 83 - 
75-41033197 
 
day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for 
business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on 
the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the 
city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. 
Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (a) a holder does not have a Designated Account or (b) 
the principal amount of the Notes held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate 
equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment (in the case of a Specified Currency other 
than Renminbi) will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated 
Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, "Designated Account" means the account (which, 
in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account 
and, in the case of a payment in Renminbi, means the Renminbi account maintained by or on behalf 
of the Noteholder with a bank in Hong Kong, details of which appear on the Register at the close 
of business on the fifth business day before the due date for payment) maintained by a holder with 
a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and "Designated Bank" means (in the 
case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi) a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in 
the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro and (in the case of 
payment in Renminbi) a bank of Hong Kong. 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in 
respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by a cheque in the 
Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the business 
day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the 
relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing 
in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a 
day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant 
due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifth day (in the case of 
Renminbi) and the fifteenth day (in the case of a Specified Currency other than Renminbi, whether 
or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the "Record Date") at his 
address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at his risk. Payments of interest and 
payments of principal (other than the final instalment) in Renminbi shall be made by transfer to 
the registered account of the Noteholder. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of 
the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified office of the Registrar 
is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, the 
payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding 
paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of 
interest (other than interest due on redemption) and instalments of principal (other than the final 
instalment) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who has made 
the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such 
holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption and the final 
instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of 
such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this Condition 7.4 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in 
respect of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by 
transfer by the Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange Agent 
on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility or 
liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial 
ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing 
any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.

--- Page 99 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 84 - 
75-41033197 
 
7.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer or, as the case may be, each Guarantor will 
be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each 
amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global 
Note must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for his 
share of each payment so made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, each Guarantor to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payment of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in 
the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of 
principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; 
and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer and each Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or either 
Guarantor. 
All payments made pursuant to this Condition 7 are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal 
laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 
9 and any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official 
interpretations thereof, or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another 
jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof or any law in any jurisdiction implementing 
such an intergovernmental agreement. No commissions or expenses will be charged to the 
Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
7.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in 
the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 10) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively), (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET 2 System is open or (3) in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day on

--- Page 100 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 85 - 
75-41033197 
 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business and settlement of 
Renminbi payments in Hong Kong; and 
(c) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Note denominated in a 
Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its 
nominee and in respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest in such 
Registered Global Note) has elected to receive any part of such payment in U.S. dollars, a 
day on which commercial banks are not authorised or required by law or regulation to be 
closed in New York City. 
7.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
9 or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, 
pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(f) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
8.5); and 
(g) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 
9 or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, 
pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
7.8 
RMB account 
All payments in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon in RMB will be made solely by credit to 
a registered RMB account maintained by or on behalf of the payee at a bank in Hong Kong in 
accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time 
(including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to the settlement of RMB in Hong 
Kong). 
7.9 
RMB Currency Event 
If the Specified Currency of the Notes is RMB and an RMB Currency Event, as determined by the 
Issuer acting in good faith, exists on a date for payment of any principal or interest (in whole or in 
part) in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon, the Issuer's obligation to make a payment in RMB 
under the terms of the Notes may be replaced by an obligation to pay such amount (in whole or in 
part) in the Relevant Currency and converted using the Spot Rate for the relevant Determination 
Date as promptly notified to the Issuer and the Paying Agents. 
Upon the occurrence of an RMB Currency Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 stating the occurrence of the RMB Currency 
Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
In such event, any payment of U.S. dollars will be made by transfer to a U.S. dollar denominated 
account maintained by the payee with, or by a U.S. dollar denominated cheque drawn on, a bank 
in New York City; and the definition of "Payment Day" in Condition 7.6 shall mean any day which

--- Page 101 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 86 - 
75-41033197 
 
(subject to Condition 10) is a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in: (A) in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of 
presentation; and (B) London and New York City. 
For the purpose of this Condition 7: 
"Determination Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong 
Kong, London and New York City; 
"Determination Date" means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the due 
date of the relevant payment under the Notes, other than where the Issuer properly determines that 
a RMB Currency Event has occurred at any time during the period from and including 10:01 a.m. 
(Hong Kong time) on the second Determination Business Day preceding the original due date to 
and including 11:59 p.m. (Hong Kong time) on the original due date, in which case the 
"Determination Date" will be the Determination Business Day immediately following the date on 
which the determination of the occurrence of a RMB Currency Event has been made; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) of Hong Kong; 
"Relevant Currency" means United States dollars; 
"RMB Currency Events" means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability and RMB 
Inconvertibility; 
"RMB Illiquidity" means the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a 
result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient RMB in order to satisfy its obligation to pay 
interest or principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the Notes, as determined by the Issuer acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two 
independent foreign exchange dealers of international repute active in the RMB exchange market 
in Hong Kong; 
"RMB Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
to convert any amount due in respect of the Notes into RMB on any payment date in the general 
RMB exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the 
failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply 
with such law, rule or regulation); 
"RMB Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the 
Issuer to deliver RMB between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong 
to an account outside Hong Kong (including where the RMB clearing and settlement system for 
participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or suspended), other than where such impossibility 
is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its 
control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); and 
"Spot Rate" means the spot CNY/U.S.$ exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with 
Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two 
Determination Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. 
(Hong Kong time) on the Determination Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen 
Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters 
Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Spot 
Rate at or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Determination Date as the most recently 
available CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for settlement in two Determination Business Days

--- Page 102 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 87 - 
75-41033197 
 
reported by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the 
Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display 
page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such 
other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange 
rate. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 7.9 by the 
Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Agents and all CNY Noteholders. 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
8.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 7. 
8.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate 
Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee and the Principal 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 or either 
Guarantor would be unable for reasons outside its control to procure payment by the Issuer 
and in making payment itself would be required to pay such additional amounts, in each 
case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 9) or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the relevant Guarantor would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer or, as the case may be, two 
Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the relevant Guarantor stating that the 
Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer or, as the case may 
be, the relevant Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result 
of such change or amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate and opinion 
as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event 
they shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 8.5 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 8.2, the Issuer shall be bound 
to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 8.2.

--- Page 103 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 88 - 
75-41033197 
 
8.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If "Issuer Call" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(a) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15; and 
(b) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a) above, notice to the 
Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered 
Notes, the Registrar; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption 
must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than 
the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will 
be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and 
in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, in the case 
of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date", in each case, 
subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial 
numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 15 not less than 
15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be 
permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date 
fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 at least five days prior to the Selection 
Date. 
8.4 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
(a) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 not less than 15 nor more than 30 
days' notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, or, at the Issuer's 
option, purchase (or procure the purchase of), subject to, and in accordance with, the terms 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and 
at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. Registered Notes may be redeemed or, as the 
case may be, purchased under this Condition 8.4 in any multiple of their lowest Specified 
Denomination. It may be that before an Investor Put can be exercised, certain conditions 
and/or circumstances will need to be satisfied. Where relevant, the provisions will be set 
out in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
If Change of Control Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if a Change of 
Control Event occurs, the Issuer will, upon the holder of any Note giving notice within the 
Change of Control Put Period to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 (unless prior 
to the giving of the relevant Change of Control Notice (as defined below) the Issuer has 
given notice of redemption under Condition 8.2 or Condition 8.3), redeem or, at the 
Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) such Note on the Change of Control 
Put Date at the Change of Control Redemption Amount together (if applicable) with 
interest accrued to but excluding the Change of Control Put Date. 
Promptly upon the Issuer or Majid Al Futtaim Holding becoming aware that a Change of 
Control Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice (a "Change of Control Notice") 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 to that effect. 
If 75 per cent. or more in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been 
redeemed or, as the case may be, purchased, pursuant to this Condition 8.4(b), the Issuer

--- Page 104 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 89 - 
75-41033197 
 
may, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 (such notice to be given within 30 days of the Change of 
Control Put Date), redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) 
all but not some only of the remaining outstanding Notes at their Change of Control 
Redemption Amount together (if applicable) with interest accrued to but excluding the 
date fixed for redemption or purchase, as the case may be. 
(c) 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if 
this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of 
such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a 
duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if 
payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made 
under this Condition 8.4 and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof 
to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so 
surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of 
the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 2.2. If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must 
be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that 
this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, to exercise the right to require redemption 
of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC (which may include notice being given on 
such Noteholder's instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any 
depositary for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC from time to time and if this 
Note is represented by a Global Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation 
of the relevant Global Note to the Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC given by a holder of any Note pursuant to 
this Condition 8.4 shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, 
an Event of Default has occurred and the Trustee has declared the Notes to be due and 
payable pursuant to Condition 11, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by 
notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 8.4. 
(d) 
For the purpose of these Conditions: 
a "Change of Control Event" shall occur each time Majid Al Futtaim Capital LLC ceases 
to be the ultimate owner (either directly or indirectly) of more than 50 per cent. of the 
share capital of Majid Al Futtaim Holding; 
"Change of Control Redemption Amount" shall mean, in relation to each Note to be 
redeemed or purchased pursuant to Condition 8.4(b), an amount equal to the nominal 
amount of such Note or such other amount as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Change of Control Put Date" shall be the tenth day after the expiry of the Change of 
Control Put Period provided that, if such day is not a day on which banks are open for 
general business in both London and the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency, the Change of Control Put Date shall be the next following day on which banks 
are open for general business in both London and the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency; and

--- Page 105 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 90 - 
75-41033197 
 
"Change of Control Put Period" shall be the period of 30 days commencing on the date 
that a Change of Control Notice is given. 
8.5 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 8.2 above and Condition 11, each Note will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note but including an Instalment Note 
and a Partly Paid Note) with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater 
than the Issue Price at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount=RP×(1+AY)y 
where: 
"RP" means the Reference Price; 
"AY" means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"Y" is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and 
the denominator of which is 360, 
or on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8.6 
Instalments 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates. In the 
case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to Condition 
8.5 above. 
8.7 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Final Terms. 
8.8 
Purchases 
The Issuer, each Guarantor or any Subsidiary of a Guarantor may at any time purchase Notes 
(provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such 
Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
8.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes 
so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 8.8 above (together 
with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the 
Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold.

--- Page 106 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 91 - 
75-41033197 
 
8.10 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Conditions 8.1, 8.2, 8.3 or 8.4 above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 11 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 8.5(c) 
above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which 
such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which 
is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar or 
the Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15. 
9. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by the Issuer 
or either Guarantor will be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments and governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, each Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the 
net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have 
been receivable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence 
of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes, duties, assessments and governmental charges 
in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with 
a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented or surrendered for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as 
defined below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an 
additional amount on presenting or surrendering the same for payment on such thirtieth 
day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 7.6); or 
(c) 
for or on account of any withholding or deduction arising under or in connection with any 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
official interpretations thereof or an intergovernmental agreement between the United 
States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof or any law in any 
jurisdiction implementing such an intergovernmental agreement. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means the Cayman Islands or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the case of payments by the 
Issuer) or the United Arab Emirates or any Emirate therein or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the case of 
payments by either Guarantor); and 
(ii) 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received 
by the Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, 
on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15.

--- Page 107 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 92 - 
75-41033197 
 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form), Receipts and Coupons will become void unless 
claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of 
principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 
9) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 10 or Condition 
7.2 or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 7.2. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
11.1 
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth 
in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or pre-funded and/or secured to its 
satisfaction), (but in the case of the happening of any of the events described in paragraphs (b) or 
(d) (other than the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer or either Guarantor) or (e) to (h) inclusive 
below (other than the happening of any such event in relation to the Issuer or either Guarantor), 
only if the Trustee shall have certified in writing to the Issuer and the Guarantors that such event 
is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders), give notice in writing 
to the Issuer that each Note is, and each Note shall thereupon immediately become, due and 
repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest as provided in the Trust 
Deed if any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or 
any of them and the default continues for a period of seven Business Days in the case of 
principal and 14 Business Days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer or either Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations 
under these Conditions or the Trust Deed and (except in any case where, in the opinion of 
the Trustee, the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is 
hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 days next 
following the service by the Trustee on the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor (as the case 
may be) of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
if the holders of any Indebtedness or Sukuk Obligation of the Issuer, either Guarantor or 
any Principal Subsidiary accelerate such Indebtedness or Sukuk Obligation or declare such 
Indebtedness or Sukuk Obligation to be due and payable or required to be prepaid (other 
than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment or pursuant to an option granted to the 
holders by the terms of such Indebtedness or Sukuk Obligation), prior to the stated 
maturity thereof or (ii) the Issuer, either Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary fails to pay 
in full any principal of, or interest or profit, as the case may be, on, any of its Indebtedness 
or Sukuk Obligations when due (after expiration of any applicable grace period) or any 
guarantee of any Indebtedness or Sukuk Obligation of others given by the Issuer, either 
Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary shall not be honoured when due and called upon; 
provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant Indebtedness, Sukuk Obligation or 
guarantee in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned above in this paragraph 
(c) shall have occurred equals or exceeds U.S.$40,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies; or 
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer, either Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary, save in connection 
with a Permitted Reorganisation; or 
(e) 
if the Issuer, either Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease to 
carry on all or substantially all of its business, save in connection with a Permitted 
Reorganisation, or the Issuer, either Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary stops or 
threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any

--- Page 108 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 93 - 
75-41033197 
 
class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for 
the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(f) 
if (i) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer, either Guarantor or any Principal 
Subsidiary under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or 
other similar laws, or an application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the 
appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
official (and such proceedings are not being actively contested in good faith by the Issuer, 
the relevant Guarantor or the relevant Principal Subsidiary, as the case may be), or an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is 
appointed, in relation to the Issuer, either Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary or, as the 
case may be, in relation to all or substantially all of the undertaking, assets or revenues of 
any of them and (ii) in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not 
discharged within 30 days; or 
(g) 
if the Issuer, either Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary initiates or consents to judicial 
proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a 
conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other 
arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is 
convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors 
generally (or any class of its creditors) save, in all cases, in connection with a Permitted 
Reorganisation; or 
(h) 
if any event occurs which under the laws of the Cayman Islands (in the case of the Issuer) 
or the United Arab Emirates or any Emirate therein (in the case of the Guarantors) has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (g) (inclusive) above, 
or any event occurs which under the laws of the jurisdiction under which the relevant 
Principal Subsidiary is incorporated or constituted has an analogous effect to any of the 
events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (g) (inclusive) above; or 
(i) 
if any Security Interest, present or future, created or assumed by the Issuer, either 
Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary and securing an amount which equals or exceeds 
U.S.$40,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) becomes 
enforceable and any step is taken to enforce the Security Interest (including the taking of 
possession or the appointment of a receiver, manager or other similar person, but 
excluding the issue of any notification to the Issuer, either Guarantor or any Principal 
Subsidiary, as the case may be, that such Security Interest has become enforceable) unless 
the full amount of the debt which is secured by the relevant Security Interest is discharged 
within 60 days of the later of the first date on which: (a) a step is taken to enforce the 
relevant Security Interest; or (b) the Issuer, either Guarantor or the relevant Principal 
Subsidiary, as the case may be, is notified that a step has been taken to enforce the relevant 
Security Interest; or 
(j) 
if the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the Issuer or by either Guarantor not to be, 
in full force and effect. 
11.2 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings against 
the Issuer and/or either Guarantor as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, 
the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or 
any other action in relation to the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons unless (a) it 
shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by the holders 
of at least one-fifth in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (b) it shall have 
been indemnified and/or pre-funded and/or secured to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the 
Issuer or either Guarantor unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do 
within a reasonable period, or is unable for any reason so to do, and the failure or inability shall be 
continuing.

--- Page 109 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 94 - 
75-41033197 
 
11.3 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
"EBIT" shall have the same meaning as Consolidated EBIT save that (i) all references in the 
definition of Consolidated EBIT to: (a) "consolidated" (and similar expressions) shall be deemed 
to be deleted; and (b) "Group" shall be construed as a reference to the "relevant Subsidiary"; and 
(ii) the definition of "Consolidated Finance Costs" used therein shall be construed to refer only to 
the relevant Subsidiary; 
"EBITDA" shall have the same meaning as Consolidated EBITDA save that references in the 
definition of Consolidated EBITDA to "Consolidated EBIT" and "member of the Group" (and 
similar expressions) shall be deemed to be references to "EBIT" and the "relevant Subsidiary", 
respectively; 
"Indebtedness" means all obligations, and guarantees or indemnities in respect of obligations, for 
moneys borrowed or raised (whether or not evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar 
instruments) other than any such obligations, guarantees or indemnities owing or given by one 
member of the Group to another member of the Group; 
"Non-Recourse Indebtedness" means any present or future Indebtedness or Sukuk Obligation, as 
the case may be, of any Subsidiary with respect to which there is no contractual recourse against 
Majid Al Futtaim Holding or any other Subsidiary of Majid Al Futtaim Holding other than (i) 
recourse resulting from a pledge of shares of such Subsidiary held by Majid Al Futtaim Holding 
or any of its Subsidiaries in order to secure such Indebtedness or Sukuk Obligation, (ii) recourse 
resulting from commitments entered into by Majid Al Futtaim Holding prior to 31 December 2013 
or (iii) recourse against any Subsidiary of such Subsidiary to secure such Indebtedness or Sukuk 
Obligation, as the case may be; 
"Non-Recourse Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary whose Non-Recourse Indebtedness represents 
at any relevant time more than 50 per cent. of its aggregate Indebtedness or Sukuk Obligations, as 
the case may be; 
"Permitted Reorganisation" means: 
(a) 
any winding-up or dissolution of a Principal Subsidiary or any Guarantor whereby the 
undertaking or assets of that Principal Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in 
a Guarantor and/or any of its other Subsidiaries provided that, in the case of any 
Guarantor and such transfer to or vesting in another Subsidiary, at the same time or prior 
to any such transfer or vesting the payment of principal and interest on the Notes and all 
other amounts payable by the Issuer under or pursuant to the Trust Deed has been 
guaranteed by such other Subsidiary by its assumption of the Guarantor's obligations under 
the Guarantee it has entered into; or 
(b) 
any composition or other similar arrangement on terms previously approved in writing by 
the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Principal Subsidiary" means at any time a Subsidiary, other than a Non-Recourse Subsidiary, of 
Majid Al Futtaim Holding: 
(a) 
whose EBITDA (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
represent in each case (or, in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial 
period to which the then latest audited consolidated accounts of Majid Al Futtaim Holding 
and its Subsidiaries relate, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of Consolidated EBITDA 
or, as the case may be, consolidated total assets of Majid Al Futtaim Holding and its 
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by reference to the then latest 
audited accounts (consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary 
and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of Majid Al Futtaim Holding and its 
Subsidiaries, provided that in the case of a Subsidiary of Majid Al Futtaim Holding 
acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated 
accounts of Majid Al Futtaim Holding and its Subsidiaries relate, the reference to the then

--- Page 110 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 95 - 
75-41033197 
 
latest audited consolidated accounts of Majid Al Futtaim Holding and its Subsidiaries for 
the purposes of the calculation above shall, until consolidated accounts for the financial 
period in which the acquisition is made have been prepared and audited as aforesaid, be 
deemed to be a reference to such first-mentioned accounts as if such Subsidiary had been 
shown in such accounts by reference to its then latest relevant audited accounts, adjusted 
as deemed appropriate by Majid Al Futtaim Holding; 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets 
of a Subsidiary of Majid Al Futtaim Holding which immediately prior to such transfer is 
a Principal Subsidiary, provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer 
forthwith cease to be a Principal Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be 
a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (b) on the date on which the 
consolidated accounts of Majid Al Futtaim Holding and its Subsidiaries for the financial 
period current at the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited as aforesaid but 
so that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Principal 
Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which such consolidated accounts have been 
prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, 
prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition; or 
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking 
or assets of the transferee Subsidiary, generated (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary 
being acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited 
consolidated accounts of Majid Al Futtaim Holding and its Subsidiaries relate, generate 
EBITDA equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of Consolidated EBITDA, or represent (or, 
in the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets 
of Majid Al Futtaim Holding and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated as 
referred to in subparagraph (a) above, provided that the transferor Subsidiary (if a 
Principal Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Principal Subsidiary 
unless immediately following such transfer its undertaking and assets generate (or, in the 
case aforesaid, generate EBITDA equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of Consolidated 
EBITDA, or its assets represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 10 
per cent. of the consolidated total assets of Majid Al Futtaim Holding and its Subsidiaries 
taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, and the 
transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph 
(c) on the date on which the consolidated accounts of Majid Al Futtaim Holding and its 
Subsidiaries for the financial period current at the date of such transfer have been prepared 
and audited but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a 
Principal Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which such consolidated accounts 
have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph 
(a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this 
definition, all as more particularly defined in the Trust Deed. 
A report by two Authorised Signatories of Majid Al Futtaim Holding (whether or not addressed to 
the Trustee) that in their opinion a Subsidiary of Majid Al Futtaim Holding is or is not or was or 
was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Principal Subsidiary may be 
relied upon by the Trustee without further enquiry or evidence and, if relied upon by the Trustee, 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties; 
"Subsidiary" means in relation to any person (the first person), at any particular time, any person 
(the second person): 
(a) 
which is then directly or indirectly controlled by the first person; or 
(b) 
more than 50 per cent. of whose issued equity share capital (or equivalent) is then 
beneficially owned by the first person. 
For the second person to be "controlled" by the first person means that the first person (whether 
directly or indirectly and whether by the ownership of share capital, the possession of voting power, 
contract, trust or otherwise) has the power to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the 
members of the board of directors or other governing body of that second person or otherwise 
controls, or has the power to control, the affairs and policies of the second person; and

--- Page 111 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 96 - 
75-41033197 
 
"Sukuk Obligation" means any undertaking or other obligation to pay any money given in 
connection with the issue of trust certificates or other instruments intended to be issued in 
compliance with the principles of Shari'a, whether or not in return for consideration of any kind. 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) (and, if the Notes are then 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any 
particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its specified office in the place 
required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all 
applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, 
upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued. 
13. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in 
the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading and/or 
quotation by any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the 
case of Bearer Notes) and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Currency other than 
U.S. dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange 
Agent with a specified office in New York City. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 7.5. Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be 
of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors and, in certain circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any 
obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder, Receiptholder or 
Couponholder. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
14. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further 
Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest 
due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 10.

--- Page 112 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 97 - 
75-41033197 
 
15. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on 
the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on 
the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. If publication as provided above is not 
practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have been given on 
such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that 
stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper 
of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC for communication 
by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange or are admitted to trading and/or quotation by another relevant authority and the rules of 
that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day on which the said notice 
was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). 
Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder 
of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, may 
approve for this purpose. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND SUBSTITUTION 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer, either Guarantor or the Trustee and shall be 
convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than one-twentieth 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such 
meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing a 
clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of 
the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the 
modification of certain provisions of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or the Trust Deed 
(including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, 
reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the 
Notes, altering the currency of payment of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or amending the 
Guarantee in certain respects), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing 
not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed

--- Page 113 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 98 - 
75-41033197 
 
at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are 
present at the meeting, and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders. The expression 
"Extraordinary Resolution" is defined in the Trust Deed to mean either (i) a resolution passed at 
a meeting duly convened and held by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the 
votes cast or (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-
fourths in nominal amount of the Notes. Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened 
at a physical location, or such other method (which may include, without limitation, a conference 
call or video conference) as the Trustee may determine in accordance with the provisions of the 
Trust Deed. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, 
to any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any 
of the provisions of the Notes or the Trust Deed, or determine, without any such consent as 
aforesaid, that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such, 
where, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders so to do or may agree, without any such consent as aforesaid, to any 
modification, waiver, authorisation or determination which is of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or to correct a manifest error. Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall 
be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be notified by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination under 
these Conditions and the Trust Deed), the Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the 
Noteholders as a class (but shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances 
particular to individual Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders whatever their number) 
and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such 
exercise for individual Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) 
resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, 
or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the 
Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder 
be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee or any other person any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon 
individual Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders except to the extent already provided for 
in Condition 9 and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in substitution for, 
Condition 9 pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree with the Issuer to the substitution 
in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) as the principal debtor 
under the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of another company, being a 
Subsidiary of either Guarantor, subject to (i) the Notes being unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by the Guarantors, (ii) the Trustee being satisfied that the 
interests of the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced by the substitution and (iii) certain 
other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with. 
17. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH THE 
ISSUER AND/OR THE GUARANTORS 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or 
prefunded and/or secured to its satisfaction, as well as provisions entitling the Trustee to be paid 
its costs and expenses in priority to the claims of the Noteholders. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuer, the Guarantors and/or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or 
relating to, the Issuer, the Guarantors and/or any of their respective Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise 
and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties under or in relation to any 
such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or 
consequences for, the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders and (c) to retain and not be

--- Page 114 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 99 - 
75-41033197 
 
liable to account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in 
connection therewith. 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders, and in accordance with the Trust Deed, to create and issue 
further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for 
the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
19. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
The Specified Currency is the sole currency of account and payment for all sums payable by the 
Issuer under or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons, including damages. 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the Specified Currency (whether as a 
result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction or otherwise) 
by any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, in respect of any sum 
expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent 
of the amount of the Specified Currency which the recipient is able to purchase with the amount 
so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is 
not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do 
so). If that amount of Specified Currency is less than the amount of Specified Currency expressed 
to be due to the recipient under any Note, Receipt or Coupon, the Issuer shall indemnify it against 
any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the recipient against the 
cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition, it will be sufficient for the 
Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that it would have 
suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a separate and 
independent obligation from the Issuer's other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and 
independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder, 
Receiptholder or Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other 
judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note, 
Receipt or Coupon, as the case may be, or any other judgment or order. 
20. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
21. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
21.1 
Governing Law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, 
the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons (including the remaining provisions of this Condition 21), 
are and shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
21.2 
Agreement to arbitrate 
Subject to Condition 21.3, any dispute, claim, difference or controversy arising out of, relating to 
or having any connection with the Notes (including any dispute as to their existence, validity, 
interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them) (a 
"Dispute") shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the LCIA Arbitration Rules 
(the "Rules"), which Rules (as amended from time to time) are incorporated by reference into this 
Condition. For these purposes: 
(a) 
the seat of arbitration shall be London;

--- Page 115 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 100 - 
75-41033197 
 
(b) 
there shall be three arbitrators, each of whom shall be disinterested in the arbitration, shall 
have no connection with any party thereto and shall be an attorney experienced in 
international securities transactions. The parties to the Dispute shall each nominate one 
arbitrator and both arbitrators in turn shall appoint a further arbitrator who shall be the 
chairman of the tribunal. In cases where there are multiple claimants and/or multiple 
respondents, the class of claimants jointly, and the class of respondents jointly shall each 
nominate one arbitrator. If one party or both fails to nominate an arbitrator within the time 
limits specified by the Rules, such arbitrator(s) shall be appointed by the LCIA. If the party 
nominated arbitrators fail to nominate the third arbitrator within 15 days of the 
appointment of the second arbitrator, such arbitrator shall be appointed by the LCIA; and 
(c) 
the language of the arbitration shall be English. 
21.3 
Option to litigate 
Notwithstanding Condition 21.2 above, the Trustee (or, but only where it is permitted to take action 
in accordance with the Trust Deed, any Noteholder) may, in the alternative, and at its sole 
discretion, by notice in writing to the Issuer: 
(a) 
within 28 days of service of a Request for Arbitration (as defined in the Rules); or 
(b) 
in the event no arbitration is commenced, require that a Dispute be heard by a court of law. 
If the Trustee (or, but only where it is permitted to take action in accordance with the Trust 
Deed, any Noteholder) gives such notice, the Dispute to which such notice refers shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 21.4 and, subject as provided below, any 
arbitration commenced under Condition 21.2 in respect of that Dispute will be terminated. 
Each person who gives such notice and the recipient of that notice will bear its own costs 
in relation to the terminated arbitration. 
If any notice to terminate is given after service of any Request for Arbitration in respect 
of any Dispute, the Trustee (or, but only where it is permitted to take action in accordance 
with the Trust Deed, the relevant Noteholder) must also promptly give notice to the LCIA 
Court and to any Tribunal (each as defined in the Rules) already appointed in relation to 
the Dispute that such Dispute will be settled by the courts. Upon receipt of such notice by 
the LCIA Court, the arbitration and any appointment of any arbitrator in relation to such 
Dispute will immediately terminate. Any such arbitrator will be deemed to be functus 
officio. The termination is without prejudice to: 
(i) 
the validity of any act done or order made by that arbitrator or by the court in 
support of that arbitration before his appointment is terminated; 
(ii) 
his entitlement to be paid his proper fees and disbursements; and 
(iii) 
the date when any claim or defence was raised for the purpose of applying any 
limitation bar or any similar rule or provision. 
21.4 
Effect of exercise of an option to litigate 
In the event that a notice pursuant to Condition 21.3 is issued, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (c) below, the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any Dispute and the Issuer submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts; 
(b) 
the Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts 
to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary; and 
(c) 
this Condition 21.4 is for the benefit of the Trustee, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders 
and the Couponholders only. As a result, and notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, the 
Trustee (or, but only where it is permitted to take action in accordance with the Trust Deed, 
any Noteholder) may take proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other 
courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee (or, but only where it is

--- Page 116 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 101 - 
75-41033197 
 
permitted to take action in accordance with the Trust Deed, any Noteholder) may take 
concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
21.5 
Appointment of Process Agent 
Each of the Issuer and each Guarantor appoints Maples and Calder at its registered office at 11th 
Floor, 200 Aldersgate Street, London, EC1A 4HD, United Kingdom as its agent for service of 
process, and undertakes that, in the event of Maples and Calder ceasing so to act or ceasing to be 
registered in England, it will appoint another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service 
of process in England in respect of any Proceedings or Disputes. Nothing herein shall affect the 
right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
21.6 
Waiver of immunity 
The Issuer and each of the Guarantors hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives with respect 
to the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons any right to claim sovereign or other immunity from 
jurisdiction or execution and any similar defence and irrevocably and unconditionally consents to 
the giving of any relief or the issue of any process, including without limitation, the making, 
enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) 
of any order or judgment made or given in connection with any Proceedings or Disputes. 
21.7 
Other documents and the Guarantors 
The Issuer and the Guarantors have in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, made provision 
for arbitration and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those 
set out above. The Issuer and the Guarantors have in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement 
irrevocably and unconditionally waived with respect to those documents any right to claim 
sovereign or other immunity from jurisdiction or execution and any similar defence and irrevocably 
and unconditionally consent to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process, including 
without limitation, the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever 
(irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or judgment made or given in connection with 
any Proceedings or Disputes.

--- Page 117 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 102 - 
75-41033197 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be lent by the Issuer to one or both of the Guarantors or any 
other company controlled by the Guarantors and will be applied by the relevant Guarantor or such Group 
company for: (a) its general corporate purposes (which include making a profit); (b) to fund or refinance, 
in whole or in part, a portfolio of Eligible Projects within Eligible Categories as set out in the Group's Green 
Finance Framework (see "Description of the Group – Green Finance Framework"); or (c) as otherwise 
described in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 118 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 103 - 
75-41033197 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
MAF Global Securities Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company with limited liability, was 
incorporated on 12 May 2011 under the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands with company 
registration number 256282. The Issuer has been established as a special purpose borrowing vehicle. The 
registered office of the Issuer is at c/o Maples Corporate Services Limited, P.O. Box 309, Ugland House, 
Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands, and its telephone number is +1 345 949 8066. 
The issued share capital of the Issuer is comprised of 100 ordinary shares of par value U.S.$1.00 each. The 
Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Majid Al Futtaim Holding. 
BUSINESS OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer has issued U.S.$500,000,000 5.25 per cent. Notes due 2019 under the Programme in July 2012, 
U.S.$500,000,000 reset subordinated perpetual notes in October 2013 (which were redeemed in 2018), 
U.S.$500,000,000 4.750 per cent. Notes due 2024 in May 2014, U.S.$300,000,000 4.750 per cent. Notes 
due 2024 in July 2016, U.S.$500,000,000 reset subordinated perpetual notes in March 2017 and 
U.S.$400,000,000 reset subordinated perpetual notes in March 2018. The Issuer has issued and may in the 
future issue notes under this Global Medium Term Note Programme and may enter into other borrowing 
arrangements from time to time, may make loans to one or both of the Guarantors or other companies 
controlled by the Guarantors and may conduct other activities incidental or related to the foregoing. The 
Issuer is not expected to undertake any other business or to incur any substantial liabilities other than as a 
result of conducting financing activities as described above. The Notes are the obligations of the Issuer 
alone. 
The objects for which the Issuer is established are set out in clause 3 of its Articles of Association (as 
adopted on 1 June 2011). The objects of the Issuer are unrestricted and thus the Issuer has full power and 
authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the laws of the Cayman Islands including raising funds 
(including through the issuance of Notes), granting loans and granting security over its assets. 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
The Issuer has prepared audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 and for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 which have been incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
DIRECTORS OF THE ISSUER 
The Directors of the Issuer are: 
Name 
Principal occupation outside of the Issuer 
Alain Bejjani ................................. 
Chief Executive Officer, Majid Al Futtaim Holding  
Ziad Chalhoub ............................... 
Chief Financial Officer, Majid Al Futtaim Holding 
 
The business address of each Director of the Issuer is c/o Majid Al Futtaim Holding LLC, MAF Tower 1, 
City Centre Deira, P.O. Box 91100, Dubai, United Arab Emirates. 
There are no conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of the Directors of the Issuer 
listed above and their respective duties to the Issuer. 
The Issuer has no employees and is not expected to have any employees in the future. 
CAYMAN ISLANDS DATA PROTECTION 
The Cayman Islands Government enacted the Data Protection Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the 
"DPA") on 18 May 2017 which was brought into force on 30 September 2019. The DPA introduces legal 
requirements for the Issuer based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy. 
Prospective investors should note that, by virtue of making investments in the Notes and the associated 
interactions with the Issuer and its affiliates and/or delegates, or by virtue of providing the Issuer with 
personal information on individuals connected with the investor (for example directors, trustees, employees,

--- Page 119 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 104 - 
75-41033197 
 
representatives, shareholders, investors, clients, beneficial owners or agents) such individuals may be 
providing the Issuer and its affiliates and/or delegates with certain personal information which constitutes 
personal data within the meaning of the DPA. The Issuer shall act as a data controller in respect of this 
personal data and its affiliates and/or delegates may act as data processors (or data controllers in their own 
right in some circumstances). 
By investing in the Notes, the Noteholders shall be deemed to acknowledge that they have read in detail 
and understood the Privacy Notice (a copy of which may be requested from the Issuer by email at 
Laura.Ford@maf.ae) and that such Privacy Notice provides an outline of their data protection rights and 
obligations as they relate to the investment in the Notes. 
Oversight of the DPA is the responsibility of the Ombudsman's office of the Cayman Islands. Breach of the 
DPA by the Issuer could lead to enforcement action by the Ombudsman, including the imposition of 
remediation orders, monetary penalties or referral for criminal prosecution.

--- Page 120 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 105 - 
75-41033197 
 
SUMMARY OF GROUP FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following summary of consolidated historical financial information as at and for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2021 and as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 has been extracted 
from the 2021 Group Financial Statements, which have been incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should read the following summary consolidated financial information in conjunction 
with the information contained in "Presentation of Financial Information", "Risk Factors", "Group 
Financial Review" and "Description of the Group" appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus as well as 
the Group Financial Statements (including the related notes thereto) incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE 
INCOME 
The following table shows the Group's consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive 
income for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 and the financial year ended 31 December 2020, 
respectively: 
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED millions) 
Revenue .........................................................................................................................................  
32,291 
32,575 
Cost of sales ...................................................................................................................................  
(22,012) 
(22,859) 
Operating expenses ........................................................................................................................  
(7,776) 
(7,220) 
Finance costs – net .........................................................................................................................  
(677) 
(653) 
Other income – net .........................................................................................................................  
4 
42 
Impairment loss on non-financial assets – net ................................................................................  
(177) 
(1,389) 
Impairment loss on financial assets – net .......................................................................................  
(51) 
(185) 
Share of profit from equity accounted investees – net of tax ..........................................................  
97 
48 
Profit before net valuation gain on land and buildings .............................................................  
1,699 
359 
Net valuation gain/(loss) on land and buildings..............................................................................  
933 
(2,954) 
Profit/(loss) before tax ..................................................................................................................  
2,632 
(2,595) 
Income tax expense – net ...............................................................................................................  
(171) 
(114) 
Profit/(loss) for the year ...............................................................................................................  
2,461 
(2,709) 
 
 
 
Profit/(loss) for the year attributable to: 
 
 
Owners of the company ..................................................................................................................  
2,476 
(2,659) 
Non-controlling interests ................................................................................................................  
(15) 
(50) 
Profit/(loss) for the year ...............................................................................................................  
2,461 
(2,709) 
 
 
 
Profit/(loss) for the year ...............................................................................................................  
2,461 
(2,709) 
Other comprehensive income: 
 
 
Net valuation gain/(loss) on land and buildings..............................................................................  
526 
(500) 
Deferred tax on revaluation of land and buildings ..........................................................................  
(10) 
(5) 
Foreign operations – foreign currency translation differences ........................................................  
(167) 
(758) 
Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges .................................................................................  
82 
(67) 
Total other comprehensive income for the year .........................................................................  
431 
(1,330) 
Total comprehensive income for the year ...................................................................................  
2,892 
(4,039) 
 
 
 
Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to: 
 
 
Owners of the Company .................................................................................................................  
2,908 
(3,971) 
Non-controlling interests ................................................................................................................  
(16) 
(68) 
Total comprehensive income for the year ...................................................................................  
2,892 
(4,039)

--- Page 121 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 106 - 
75-41033197 
 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
The following table shows the Group's consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2020, respectively: 
 
As at 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED millions) 
Non-current assets: 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment ........................................................................................................  
12,568 
10,885 
Investment property .......................................................................................................................  
32,572 
32,576 
Right-of-use assets .........................................................................................................................  
3,586 
3,753 
Equity-accounted investees ............................................................................................................  
855 
859 
Intangible assets and goodwill ........................................................................................................  
1,608 
1,469 
Deferred tax assets .........................................................................................................................  
150 
103 
Due from related parties 
30 
- 
Other non-current assets .................................................................................................................  
920 
675 
Total non-current assets ..............................................................................................................  
52,289 
50,320 
 
 
 
Current assets: 
 
 
Development property ....................................................................................................................  
609 
13 
Inventories......................................................................................................................................  
2,469 
2,268 
Trade and other receivables ............................................................................................................  
2,087 
2,254 
Short-term receivable from related parties .....................................................................................  
43 
61 
Due from related parties .................................................................................................................  
148 
288 
Restricted cash 
1,342 
- 
Cash in hand and at bank ................................................................................................................  
1,601 
3,699 
Assets held for sale .........................................................................................................................  
- 
194 
Total current assets ......................................................................................................................  
8,299 
8,777 
Total assets ....................................................................................................................................  
60,588 
59,097 
 
 
 
Current liabilities: 
 
 
Trade and other payables ................................................................................................................  
8,874 
8,507 
Provisions .......................................................................................................................................  
327 
200 
Other liabilities ...............................................................................................................................  
3,014 
1,670 
Short-term loan from a related party ..............................................................................................  
18 
44 
Due to related parties......................................................................................................................  
378 
131 
Bank overdraft................................................................................................................................  
225 
– 
Current maturity of long-term loans ...............................................................................................  
55 
41 
Current maturity of lease liabilities ................................................................................................  
621 
568 
Liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale ...................................................................  
6 
35 
Total current liabilities ................................................................................................................  
13,518 
11,196 
 
 
 
Non-current liabilities: 
 
 
Long-term loans .............................................................................................................................  
13,189 
15,917 
Lease liabilities ..............................................................................................................................  
3,524 
3,668 
Deferred tax liabilities ....................................................................................................................  
352 
226 
Provisions .......................................................................................................................................  
62 
48 
Post-employment benefit obligations .............................................................................................  
779 
812 
Other liabilities ...............................................................................................................................  
114 
51 
Total non-current liabilities .........................................................................................................  
18,020 
20,722 
Total liabilities ..............................................................................................................................  
31,538 
31,918 
Net assets .......................................................................................................................................  
29,050 
27,179 
 
 
 
Equity: 
 
 
Share capital ...................................................................................................................................  
2,671 
2,671 
Statutory reserve ............................................................................................................................  
2,984 
2,984 
Revaluation reserve ........................................................................................................................  
18,159 
17,643 
Retained earnings ...........................................................................................................................  
4,174 
2,705 
Hedging reserve .............................................................................................................................  
(50) 
(132) 
Currency translation reserve ...........................................................................................................  
(2,599) 
(2,433) 
Total equity attributable to the owners of the company ............................................................  
25,339 
23,438 
Hybrid equity instrument................................................................................................................  
3,292 
3,292 
Non-controlling interests ................................................................................................................  
419 
449 
Total equity ...................................................................................................................................  
29,050 
27,179

--- Page 122 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 107 - 
75-41033197 
 
CASH FLOW STATEMENT 
The following table summarises the Group's cash flows for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 and 
the financial year ended 31 December 2020, respectively: 
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED millions) 
Net cash generated from operating activities .................................................................................. 
5,288 
4,444 
Net cash (used in) investing activities ............................................................................................ 
(2,382) 
(1,831) 
Net cash flows (used in) financing activities .................................................................................. 
(5,215) 
(135) 
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents ................................................................ 
(2,309) 
2,478 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year .................................................................. 
3,699 
1,251 
Effect of movements in exchange rates on cash held ..................................................................... 
(14) 
(30) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year ....................................................................... 
1,376 
3,699 
 
EBITDA AND OTHER RATIOS 
The following table shows the Group's EBITDA and certain ratios as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 and as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, respectively: 
 
As at and for year ended 
31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
EBITDA(1) (AED millions) .............................................................................................................  
3,906 
3,762 
EBITDA margin(1) (per cent.) .........................................................................................................  
12.1 
11.5 
EBITDA/interest(1) (times) ..............................................................................................................  
7,0 
6.0 
LTV(1) (per cent.) ............................................................................................................................  
24,4 
26.1 
Net debt/EBITDA(1) (times) ............................................................................................................  
3.0 
3.3 
Debt/capital(1) (per cent.) ................................................................................................................  
46,4 
58.9 
Tangible net worth(1) (AED millions) .............................................................................................  
29,050 
27,179 
Total net debt to total equity(1) (times) ............................................................................................  
0.41 
0.45 
Net debt/equity(1) (per cent.) ...........................................................................................................  
40.9 
45.3 
 ___________________  
(1) For a description of this APM (including reconciliation to the Group Financial Statements), please see "Presentation of Financial 
Information – Use of Alternative Performance Measures". 
The following table shows a reconciliation of the Group's EBITDA to (loss)/profit as shown in the 
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 and the financial year ended 31 December 2020, respectively: 
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED millions) 
Profit/(Loss) for the year .............................................................................................................  
2,461 
 (2,709) 
 
 
 
Adjustments for: 
 
 
Net valuation (gain)/loss on land and buildings..............................................................................  
(933) 
2,954 
Finance costs – net .........................................................................................................................  
677 
653 
Depreciation and amortisation ........................................................................................................  
2,203 
2,193 
Income tax expense – net ...............................................................................................................  
171 
114 
Share of profit from equity accounted investees – net of tax ..........................................................  
(97) 
(48) 
Development expenses written off .................................................................................................  
5 
1 
Impairment loss on non-financial assets – net ................................................................................  
177 
1,389 
Loss on disposal of non-current assets ...........................................................................................  
6 
2 
Others – non recurring (income)/expense .......................................................................................  
(8) 
(40) 
EBITDA ........................................................................................................................................  
4,662 
4,509 
Rent expense de-recognised on adoption of IFRS 16 .....................................................................  
(756) 
(747) 
Adjusted EBITDA ........................................................................................................................  
3,906 
3,762

--- Page 123 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 108 - 
75-41033197 
 
GROUP FINANCIAL REVIEW 
The following review of the Group's financial position and results of operations is based upon and should 
be read in conjunction with the Group Financial Statements, which have been incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus. 
This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties (see further 
"Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements"). Actual results for the Group could differ 
materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including 
those discussed below and in "Risk Factors". 
OVERVIEW 
Based on the Group's own internal research, the Group is one of the largest developers and operators of 
shopping malls and hypermarkets in the MENA region. Founded in Dubai in 1992 to bring the first regional 
shopping mall to the Middle East, the Group's activities have since grown to include hotel development and 
the provision of synergistic leisure and entertainment products and services. As at 31 December 2021, the 
Group had operations in 16 countries predominantly in the MENA region. 
Prior to 1 January 2021, the Group's operations were carried out by three complementary operating 
companies, Majid Al Futtaim Properties, Majid Al Futtaim Retail and Majid Al Futtaim Ventures, in each 
of which Majid Al Futtaim Holding held a 99 per cent. ownership interest. With effect from 1 January 2021, 
Majid Al Futtaim Ventures was restructured and its operations were segregated under two operational 
entities – Majid Al Futtaim LEC and Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle. Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle has been 
established as a separate legal entity whilst it remains unclear when Majid Al Futtaim LEC will be 
established as a separate legal entity. Majid Al Futtaim Holding holds a 99 per cent. ownership interest in 
Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle and will be expected to hold a 99 per cent. ownership interest in Majid Al 
Futtaim LEC once it is established (in each case, with the remaining 1 per cent. ownership interest held by 
another wholly-owned Group entity). 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties develops and manages shopping malls, which is the Group's core business. As 
at 31 December 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Properties owned and operated 29 shopping malls in Bahrain, 
Egypt, Lebanon and Saudi Arabia and had an additional 1 developments and 1 re-development at various 
stages of planning, design or construction. The new projects, including new malls in Oman, Saudi Arabia 
and the UAE, represent an additional 321,000 square metres of gross leasable area ("GLA"). Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties also develops hotels adjacent to or in close proximity to shopping mall destinations and, 
on a selective basis, undertakes mixed-use developments, in each case where this adds value to its core mall 
development business. As at 31 December 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Properties owned 13 hotels, of which 
11 were located in the UAE and two were located in Bahrain. Majid Al Futtaim Properties operates through 
its six business units: the Shopping Malls Business Unit ("SMBU"), the Shopping Malls Development 
Business Unit ("SMDBU"), the Hotels Business Unit, the Communities Business Unit, the Project 
Management Center of Excellent unit and the Corporate unit. For the year ended 31 December 2021, Majid 
Al Futtaim Properties' revenue increased by 26.3 per cent. to AED 4,406 million compared to AED 3,489 
million for the year ended 31 December 2020 whereas its EBITDA increased by 11.1 per cent. to 
AED 2,603 million compared to AED 2,342 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail first introduced the hypermarket model to the Middle East in 1995 through Majid 
Al Futtaim Hypermarkets, originally established as a joint venture company with Carrefour in which Majid 
Al Futtaim Retail had a 75 per cent. interest. Since June 2013, Majid Al Futtaim Hypermarkets has been a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, managed by Majid Al Futtaim Retail in which Majid Al Futtaim 
Retail has a 99.9 per cent. interest and Majid Al Futtaim Holding has a 0.1 per cent. interest. For further 
detail on the history of Majid Al Futtaim Hypermarkets, please see "Description of the Group – Majid Al 
Futtaim Retail". Carrefour stores are a key anchor tenant in each of the Group's shopping malls and the 
Group has also opened Carrefour stores outside its shopping malls. Majid Al Futtaim Retail has expanded 
the Carrefour concept across the UAE and into Armenia, Bahrain, Egypt, Georgia, Iraq, Jordan, Kenya, 
Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Pakistan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Uganda and Uzbekistan. As at 31 December 2021, 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail operated 135 Carrefour hypermarkets and 288 Carrefour supermarkets as well as 
an online store (principally selling light and heavy household goods and grocery for delivery within 
Armenia, Bahrain, Egypt, Georgia, Iraq, Jordan, Kenya, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Pakistan, Qatar, Saudi 
Arabia, the UAE and Uganda). For the year ended 31 December 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Retail's revenue 
decreased by 6.0 per cent. to AED 26,304 million compared to AED 27,979 million for the year ended 31

--- Page 124 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 109 - 
75-41033197 
 
December 2020 whereas its EBITDA decreased by 11.3 per cent. to AED 1,447 million compared to AED 
1,631 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Prior to 1 January 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Ventures operated the Group's leisure and entertainment services, 
including a unique leisure offering in three of its super-regional shopping malls (for example Ski Dubai and 
Ski Egypt which are located in Mall of the Emirates (the Group's flagship mall) and Mall of Egypt). Prior 
to 31 December 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Ventures operated 33 Magic Planet entertainment centres located 
in all of the shopping malls owned by Majid Al Futtaim Properties and elsewhere and 53 cinemas located 
in 16 shopping malls owned by Majid Al Futtaim Properties and elsewhere. With effect from 1 January 
2021, following the segmental restructuring of Majid Al Futtaim Ventures, the Group's leisure and 
entertainment operations were moved to Majid Al Futtaim LEC. Prior to 1 January 2021, Majid Al Futtaim 
Ventures also operated a fashion retail business operating as a licensee of a number of international brands 
via the now dissolved Majid Al Futtaim Fashion LLC, offered Najm Visa credit cards via its Majid Al 
Futtaim Finance consumer finance business and had a small portfolio of other investments in the mobile 
payments and facilities management sectors. With effect from 1 January 2021, following the segmental 
restructuring of Majid Al Futtaim Ventures, the Group's fashion retail business and its portfolio of other 
investments were moved to Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle. 
The Group's credit card portfolio of a wholly owned subsidiary was classified as held for sale in 2019, 
following the Group's plans to dispose off the credit card business. Due to disruptions caused by COVID-
19, the sale process was slowed down and the transaction could not be concluded in 2020. During the year, 
a commercial agreement outlining the terms of sale of credit card portfolio of retail customers was agreed 
and signed with Commercial Bank of Dubai ("CBD"). After obtaining a notice of no objection from the 
UAE Central Bank and the conclusion of a customer opt-out process, the credit card portfolio was 
transferred to CBD. A total charge of AED 7 million (2020: AED 9 million), with respect to a recognition 
of liabilities held for sale, including the associated assets for which carrying amount is no longer considered 
to be recoverable, was recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the 2021 Group Financial 
Statements (please see note to 15.4 of the 2021 Group Financial Statements). 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS 
The preparation of the Group Financial Statements requires management to make certain estimates and 
judgments, some of which are subjective and complex, often as a result of the need to make estimations 
of future events. The Group's significant accounting policies are set out in Note 6 to the 2021 Group 
Financial Statements and a summary of the critical accounting estimates and judgments that are made 
in preparing the consolidated financial statements is set out in Note 4 to the 2021 Group Financial 
Statements. 
Impact of COVID-19 
On 11 March 2020, the World Health Organisation declared the novel coronavirus disease, COVID-19, 
a global pandemic and recommended containment and mitigation measures worldwide. The COVID-19 
pandemic had a significant impact on economic and market conditions around the world during 2020 
and 2021 and continues to adversely impact economic activity. The Group's businesses were also 
impacted by COVID-19 and measures taken by governments and authorities to contain its spread (see 
further "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group – All of the Group's businesses have been adversely 
affected by the COVID-19 pandemic"). The Group has assessed the impact of COVID-19 on its businesses 
and how it is reflected in its consolidated financial position and performance. See Note 3 to the 2021 
Group Financial Statements in respect of the Group's assessment of the impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic on its business. 
REPORTING SEGMENTS 
As at and for the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group had the following financial reporting segments: 
• 
Properties: which principally corresponds to Majid Al Futtaim Properties and its consolidated 
companies; 
• 
Retail: which principally corresponds to Majid Al Futtaim Retail and its consolidated companies;

--- Page 125 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 110 - 
75-41033197 
 
• 
Leisure, Entertainment and Cinemas: which principally corresponds to Majid Al Futtaim LEC 
and its consolidated companies; 
• 
Lifestyle: which principally corresponds to Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle and its consolidated 
companies; 
• 
Global Solutions: which principally includes providing finance, human capital, technology and 
procurement services across the Group; and 
• 
Head Office: which principally corresponds to the activities carried out in Majid Al Futtaim 
Holding. 
Note 9.1 to the 2021 Group Financial Statements presents certain financial information for each segment. 
In revenue terms, Majid Al Futtaim Retail is the most significant segment, accounting for 81.5 per cent. of 
the Group's revenue in 2021. In terms of assets, Majid Al Futtaim Properties is the most significant segment, 
accounting for 72.0 per cent. of the Group's assets (prior to eliminations and adjustments) as at 31 December 
2021. 
With effect from 1 January 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Ventures was restructured and its operations were 
segregated under two operational entities – Majid Al Futtaim LEC and Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle. With 
effect from the same date, a new reporting entity – Majid Al Futtaim Global Solutions – was included (with 
its principal activities including provision of finance, human capital, technology and procurement services 
across the Group). Additionally, the Group's 51 per cent. investment in Enova Facilities Management 
Services LLC was transferred from Majid Al Futtaim Ventures to Majid Al Futtaim Properties as a common 
control transaction. 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021 AND 
THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
Revenue 
The Group's principal source of revenue is the sales that it makes in its Carrefour stores. In addition, the 
Group earns rental income (principally from the tenants in its shopping malls) and service income and 
commissions (from a range of sources), leisure and entertainment revenue (from its leisure and 
entertainment facilities, including its cinemas, Magic Planet entertainment centres and Ski Dubai and Ski 
Egypt among others), hospitality revenue (from its hotels) and fashion goods revenue. 
The table below shows a breakdown of the Group's revenue for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 
and the financial year ended 31 December 2020, respectively. 
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED 
millions) 
(%) 
(AED 
millions) 
(%) 
Revenue from contracts with customers: 
 
 
 
 
Sale of goods ...............................................................................  
24,469 
75.8 
25,881 
79.5 
Service income and commissions ................................................  
2,310 
7.2 
2,406 
7.4 
Sale of property ...........................................................................  
504 
1.5 
- 
- 
Leisure and entertainment ...........................................................  
1,462 
4,5 
881 
2.7 
Hospitality revenue .....................................................................  
453 
1.4 
236 
0.7 
Others ..........................................................................................  
114 
0.3 
109 
0.3 
 
 
 
 
 
Other revenue: 
 
 
 
 
Rental income .............................................................................  
2,929 
9.1 
2,837 
8.7 
Financial services revenue ...........................................................  
50 
0.2 
225 
0.7 
Total revenue .............................................................................  
32,291 
100.0 
32,575 
100.0 
 
The Group's total revenue decreased by AED 284 million, or 0.9 per cent., in 2021 (from AED 32,575 
million in 2020 to AED 32,291 million in 2021). This decrease was principally attributable to a decline in 
retail revenues as a result of sales volumes decreasing and the boycott of French products due to political 
tensions between France and the Middle East.

--- Page 126 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 111 - 
75-41033197 
 
In geographical terms, in 2021, 48.9 per cent. of the Group's revenue was derived from the UAE, 9.6 per 
cent. was derived from Saudi Arabia, 11.1 per cent. was derived from Egypt, 7.0 per cent. was derived from 
Qatar, 4.5 per cent. was derived from Oman and the remaining 18.9 per cent. was derived from other 
countries. 
A more detailed analysis of the Group's three principal sources of revenue is set out below. Together, these 
revenue streams comprised 92.0 per cent. and 95.6 per cent. of the Group's total revenue in 2021 and 2020, 
respectively. 
Sale of goods 
The Group's revenue from the sale of goods decreased by AED 1,412 million, or 5.5 per cent., in 2021 
(from AED 25,881 million in 2020 to AED 24,469 million in 2021). This decrease was principally 
attributable to reduced operating hours, boycott of French products due to political tensions between France 
and the Middle East and depressed footfall across the region. 
Rental income 
The Group's rental income increased by AED 92 million, or 3.2 per cent., in 2021 (from AED 2,837 million 
in 2020 to AED 2,929 million in 2021). This increase was principally attributable to the gradual re-opening 
of stores during 2021 after the government mandated restrictions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic in 
2020 were eased. See "Description of the Group – Majid Al Futtaim Properties – Shopping Malls Business 
Units (SMBU and SMDBU) – Lease arrangements" for further details regarding the process for charging 
rent. 
Service income and commissions 
The Group earns service income and commissions from: (a) listing fees, which are fees paid by suppliers 
of new items in the Carrefour range; (b) fees paid by the producers of goods sold in the Group's Carrefour 
stores to display their goods on the prominent shelves at the end of aisles (known as gondola-ends); and (c) 
commissions paid to the Group in respect of sales where it acts as an agent in the transaction. Accordingly, 
the Group's service income and commissions is related to the number of its Carrefour stores. 
The Group's fees and commissions decreased by AED 96 million, or 4.0 per cent., in 2021 (from AED 2,406 
million in 2020 to AED 2,310 million in 2021). This decrease was principally attributable to lower sales 
volumes. 
Cost of sales 
The Group's cost of sales almost entirely consists of the cost of it acquiring the goods sold by its Carrefour 
stores. Cost of sales is presented net of any rebates which the Group is able to secure from its suppliers. 
The Group's cost of sales decreased by AED 847 million, or 3.7 per cent., in 2021 (from AED 22,859 
million in 2020 to AED 22,012 million in 2021). The Group's sales margin was 31.8 per cent. in 2021, 
compared to 29.8 per cent. in 2020. 
Operating expenses 
The table below shows the Group's operating expenses for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 and 
the financial year ended 31 December 2020, respectively. 
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED 
millions) 
(%) 
(AED 
millions) 
(%) 
Staff costs .......................................................................................................... 
(3,269) 
42.0 
(3,054) 
42.3 
Depreciation and amortisation ........................................................................... 
(2,203) 
28.3 
(2,193) 
30.4 
Utilities.............................................................................................................. 
(483) 
6.2 
(445) 
6.2 
Repair and maintenance .................................................................................... 
(297) 
3.8 
(253) 
3.5 
Legal and consultancy expenses ........................................................................ 
(232) 
3.0 
(194) 
2.7 
Bank charges ..................................................................................................... 
(198) 
2.5 
(190) 
2.6 
Advertising, selling and marketing expenses ..................................................... 
(292) 
3.8 
(155) 
2.1 
Security expenses .............................................................................................. 
(147) 
1.9 
(140) 
1.9 
Franchise and management fees ........................................................................ 
(158) 
2.0 
(134) 
1.9 
Housekeeping and cleaning ............................................................................... 
(116) 
1.5 
(93) 
1.3 
Insurance charges .............................................................................................. 
(40) 
0.5 
(41) 
0.6

--- Page 127 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 112 - 
75-41033197 
 
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED 
millions) 
(%) 
(AED 
millions) 
(%) 
Business travel expenses ................................................................................... 
(21) 
0.3 
(15) 
0.2 
Rent ................................................................................................................... 
(112) 
1.4 
(2) 
0.0 
Other general and administrative expenses........................................................ 
(208) 
2.7 
(311) 
4.3 
Total operating expenses ................................................................................. 
(7,776) 
100.0 
(7,220) 
100.0 
 
The Group's total operating expenses increased by AED 556 million, or 7.7 per cent., in 2021 (from AED 
7,220 million in 2020 to AED 7,776 million in 2021). This increase was principally attributable to an 
increase in discretionary spending and the relaxation of temporary suspensions on certain staff allowances 
and bonuses. 
A more detailed analysis of the Group's two principal operating expenses is set out below. Together, these 
operating expenses comprised 70.3 per cent. and 72.7 per cent. of the Group's total operating expenses in 
2021 and 2020, respectively. 
Staff costs 
The Group's staff costs (which exclude staff costs capitalised as part of projects under construction) 
increased by AED 215 million, or 7.0 per cent., in 2021 (from AED 3,054 million in 2020 to AED 3,269 
million in 2021), principally reflecting the relaxation of temporary suspensions on certain staff allowances 
and bonuses. The number of employees increased by 3.0 per cent. in 2021 (from 40,622 at the start of the 
year to 41,832 at the end of 2021). 
Depreciation and amortisation 
The Group's depreciation and amortisation charge increased by AED 10 million, or 0.5 per cent., in 2021 
(from AED 2,193 million in 2020 to AED 2,203 million in 2021). 
Finance costs – net 
The table below shows the Group's net finance cost recognised in profit or loss for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021 and the financial year ended 31 December 2020, respectively. 
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED millions) 
Finance costs: 
 
 
Arrangement and participation fee .................................................................................................  
(55) 
(38) 
Interest charges on bank loans ........................................................................................................  
(408) 
(515) 
Interest expense on lease liabilities.................................................................................................  
(226) 
(272) 
Interest charges on related party balances ......................................................................................  
(8) 
(12) 
Capitalised interest on development expenditure ...........................................................................  
84 
194 
Changes in the fair value/settlement of derivatives held as FVPL ..................................................  
(11) 
(1) 
Cash flow hedges reclassified from hedging reserve ......................................................................  
(65) 
(64) 
Discounting of long-term receivable balances ................................................................................  
(11) 
0 
Bond programme cost ....................................................................................................................  
(4) 
2 
Total finance costs ........................................................................................................................  
(704) 
(706) 
 
 
 
Finance income: 
 
 
Interest income on bank balances ...................................................................................................  
23 
45 
Interest income from operational financing ....................................................................................  
– 
1 
Unwinding of discount on long-term receivable balances ..............................................................  
3 
7 
Cash flow hedges reclassified from hedging reserve ......................................................................  
1 
– 
Total finance income ......................................................................................................................  
27 
53 
Finance costs – net ........................................................................................................................  
(677) 
(653) 
 
The Group's net finance cost charged to profit and loss increased by AED 24 million, or 3.7 per cent., in 
2021 (from AED 653 million in 2020 to AED 677 million in 2021). This increase was principally 
attributable to an increase in interest rates.

--- Page 128 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 113 - 
75-41033197 
 
Other income – net 
The Group's other income and expenses comprise any net foreign exchange gain or loss, fixed assets or 
project costs written-off, development expenses written-off, development expenses written-off, any gain or 
loss on transfer of an investment in an associate to a related party or in a joint venture, any gain or loss on 
the disposal of non-current assets and other income. The Group's other income in 2021 was AED 4 million 
compared to other income of AED 42 million in 2020. 
Impairment loss – net 
The Group believes that its policy for taking impairments is conservative. The Group recognised a net 
impairment loss of AED 177 million in 2021, compared to AED 1,389 million in 2020, on non-financial 
assets. This net impairment loss on non-financial assets was primarily attributable to shopping malls under 
construction. 
In addition, the Group also recognised a net impairment loss of AED 51 million in 2021, compared to AED 
185 million in 2020, on financial assets. This net impairment loss on financial assets was primarily 
attributable to tenant receivables. 
Share of profit in equity accounted investees – net 
A list of the Group's material associates and joint ventures is set out in Notes 18.3 and 18.4, respectively, 
to the 2021 Group Financial Statements. Associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity 
method and, as a result, the Group's proportionate share of the profit or loss made by each associate or joint 
venture is included under this line item. 
The table below shows the Group's share of the profit or loss of its associates and joint ventures for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2021 and the financial year ended 31 December 2020, respectively. 
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED millions) 
Share of profit accounted through profit or loss (associates) ..........................................................  
42 
30 
Share of profit accounted through profit or loss (joint ventures) ....................................................  
55 
18 
Total ..............................................................................................................................................  
97 
48 
 
The Group's share of the net profit in associates and joint ventures increased by AED 49 million, or 102.1 
per cent., in 2021 (from AED 48 million in 2020 to AED 97 million in 2021). 
Net valuation gain/(loss) on land and buildings 
Developed properties classified as property, plant and equipment in accordance with IAS 16 are revalued 
on each reporting date. 
Any increase arising on the revaluation of developed properties is credited to the revaluation reserve in 
equity, except to the extent that it reverses a revaluation decrease for the same property previously 
recognised in profit or loss, in which case the increase is credited to profit or loss to the extent of the 
decrease previously charged. 
Any decrease in carrying amount arising on the revaluation of developed properties is charged to profit or 
loss except to the extent that it reverses a revaluation gain previously recognised in reserve in respect of the 
asset concerned, in which case it is debited to the revaluation reserve in equity. 
Investment properties are properties held either to earn rental income, for capital appreciation or both, but 
not for sale in the ordinary course of business, use in the production or supply of goods or services or for 
administrative purposes. Following initial recognition at cost, investment property, principally comprising 
land with undetermined use, certain shopping malls and properties being construed for future use as 
investment property, is stated at fair value at each reporting date. 
The net valuation change on land and buildings comprises the sum of: (a) any losses incurred on the 
revaluation of developed properties classified as property, plant and equipment; (b) any increases arising 
on the revaluation of developed properties classified as property, plant and equipment to the extent they

--- Page 129 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 114 - 
75-41033197 
 
reverse losses previously charged to profit and loss; and (c) the fair value gains or losses on investment 
property. 
In 2021, the Group recorded AED 1,459 million fair value gain on the revaluation of certain property, plant 
and equipment and investment property. Of this, AED 526 million gain was recognised in other 
comprehensive income and AED 933 million valuation gain was recognised through profit or loss 
(principally comprising valuation loss of City Centre Mirdif, Mall of the Emirates, City Centre Deira, City 
Centre Beirut, City Centre Muscat and City Centre Sharjah). The fair value gain on revaluation of certain 
property, plant and equipment and investment property described above is primarily attributable to an 
increase in compound annual growth rates of net operating income in relation to the Group's shopping 
malls. 
Profit/(loss) before tax 
Reflecting the above factors, the Group's profit before tax was AED 2,632 million in 2021, compared to 
loss before tax of AED 2,595 million in 2020. 
Income tax expense – net 
The Group is subject to tax on the income earned by it in certain jurisdictions in which it operates. The 
Group's operations in these jurisdictions gave rise to a net income tax expense of AED 171 million in 2021, 
compared to AED 114 million in 2020. In 2021, a deferred tax charge of AED 66 million was charged, 
compared to a deferred tax credit of AED 14 million in 2020. 
Profit/(loss) for the year 
Reflecting the above factors, the Group's profit for the year was AED 2,461 million in 2021, compared to 
a loss of AED 2,709 million in 2020. 
Other comprehensive income 
In 2021, the Group's other comprehensive income increased by AED 1,761 million, or 132.4 per cent. (from 
negative AED 1,330 million in 2020 to AED 431 million in 2021). This increase was principally attributable 
to an increase in compound annual growth rates of net operating income in relation to the Group's shopping 
malls and fewer charges on account of foreign currency translations from foreign operations. 
Total comprehensive income 
The Group's total comprehensive income for the year was AED 2,892 million in 2021, compared to a total 
comprehensive income of negative AED 4,039 million in 2020. 
CASH FLOWS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021 AND THE 
FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
The table below summarises the Group's cash flows for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 and the 
financial year ended 31 December 2020, respectively. 
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED millions) 
Net cash generated from operating activities ..................................................................... 
5,288 
4,444 
Net cash (used in) investing activities ............................................................................... 
(2,382) 
(1,831) 
Net cash flows (used in) financing activities ..................................................................... 
(5,215) 
(135) 
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents ........................................................ 
(2,309) 
2,478 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year ..................................................... 
3,699 
1,251 
Effect of movements in exchange rates on cash held ........................................................ 
(14) 
(30) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year ............................................................... 
1,376 
3,699 
 
In 2021, the Group's net cash from operating activities was AED 5,288 million. 
The Group's net cash used in investing activities in 2021 was AED 2,382 million, principally reflecting 
capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment, investment property and intangible assets. This

--- Page 130 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 115 - 
75-41033197 
 
acquisition capital expenditure predominantly related to shopping malls under construction (comprising 
Mall of Oman) as well as new stores and fulfilment centres for retail. 
The Group's net cash used in financing activities in 2021 was AED 5,215 million, principally reflecting the 
Group's partial repayment of outstanding revolving facilities. 
In 2020, the Group's net cash from operating activities was AED 4,444 million. 
The Group's net cash used in investing activities in 2020 was AED 1,831 million, principally reflecting 
capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment, investment property and intangible assets. This 
acquisition capital expenditure predominantly related to shopping malls under construction (comprising 
Mall of Oman) as well as new stores and fulfilment centres for retail. 
The Group's net cash used in financing activities in 2020 was AED 135 million, principally reflecting the 
Group's decision to draw down on committed revolving facilities. 
LIQUIDITY AND BORROWINGS 
The Group's long-term financing needs are established based on five-year plans from each operating 
subsidiary. The Group targets available liquidity (defined as cash in hand and committed facilities available 
for drawing) sufficient to cover at least 18 months of financing requirements. As at 31 December 2021, the 
Group had undrawn facilities of AED 10,576 million as well as cash in hand and at bank of AED 1,601 
million. This is sufficient to cover the Group's liquidity needs for a period of at least 18 months. In addition, 
as a matter of practice, the Group ensures it is flexible in its capital expenditure plans. 
The table below summarises the Group's borrowings as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, 
respectively. 
 
As at 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED millions) 
Long-term loans ................................................................................................................ 
13,244 
15,958 
Short-term loan from a related party ................................................................................. 
18 
44 
Bank overdrafts ................................................................................................................. 
225 
– 
Total borrowings ............................................................................................................. 
13,487 
16,002 
 
Details of the Group's outstanding long-term loans as at 31 December 2021 are set out in Note 35 to the 
2021 Group Financial Statements. Long-term loans from banks have maturity dates extending to March 
2029 while the Group's senior unsecured debt capital securities have scheduled maturity dates extending to 
February 2030. All of the Group's outstanding borrowings as at 31 December 2021 were denominated in 
non-AED currencies (see further "Group Financial Review – Financial Risk Management – Market risk – 
Foreign currency risk"). The Group's floating rate loans carried margins ranging from 1.0 per cent. to 1.35 
per cent. per annum over the base lending rate, whilst its senior unsecured debt capital securities had returns 
ranging from 3.15 per cent. to 4.75 per cent. per annum. As at 31 December 2021, the Group did not have 
any secured loans. 
The Group's borrowings comprise long-term loans from commercial banks and overdraft facilities. The 
Group has to date incurred debt at three levels: 
• 
project financing, typically through special purpose vehicles on a non-recourse or limited recourse 
to other Group companies basis; 
• 
senior secured or unsecured debt where Majid Al Futtaim Properties or one of its subsidiaries is 
the borrower; and 
• 
senior unsecured debt where Majid Al Futtaim Holding is the borrower and Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties guarantee is given.

--- Page 131 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 116 - 
75-41033197 
 
The table below shows the Group's borrowings (excluding bank overdrafts) as at 31 December 2021 by 
debtor. 
 
As at 31 December 
2021 
 
(AED millions) 
Majid Al Futtaim Holding: 
 
Unsecured but with Majid Al Futtaim Properties guarantee ................................................................  
5,757 
Unsecured and unguaranteed ...............................................................................................................  
18 
Total borrowings excluding bank overdrafts (Majid Al Futtaim Holding) ..................................  
5,775 
 
 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties: 
 
Unsecured but with Majid Al Futtaim Holding guarantee ...................................................................  
6,889 
Total borrowings excluding bank overdrafts (Majid Al Futtaim Properties) ..............................  
6,889 
 
 
Other: 
 
Unsecured ...........................................................................................................................................  
598 
Total borrowings excluding bank overdrafts (Other) ....................................................................  
598 
Total borrowings excluding bank overdrafts (Group)..........................................................................  
13,262 
The Group typically aims to match the cash flow profile of its borrowings (excluding bank overdrafts) with 
the underlying assets to the extent practicable in the circumstances and to fund in local currencies for 
offshore businesses where possible. 
The table below shows the maturity profile of the Group's outstanding borrowings (excluding bank 
overdrafts) as at 31 December 2021. 
 
As at 31 December 
2021 
 
(AED millions) 
Principal amount of borrowings maturing in: 
 
2022 ....................................................................................................................................................  
33 
2023 ....................................................................................................................................................  
58 
2024 and onwards ...............................................................................................................................  
13,171 
Total borrowings excluding bank overdrafts ..................................................................................  
13,262 
 
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
The table below shows the Group's shareholders' equity as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, 
respectively. 
 
As at 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED millions) 
Share capital ....................................................................................................................... 
2,671 
2,671 
Statutory reserve ................................................................................................................ 
2,984 
2,984 
Revaluation reserve ............................................................................................................ 
18,159 
17,643 
Retained earnings ............................................................................................................... 
4,174 
2,705 
Hedging reserve ................................................................................................................. 
(50) 
(132) 
Currency translation reserve ............................................................................................... 
(2,599) 
(2,433) 
Total equity attributable to the owners of the company ................................................ 
25,339 
23,438 
Hybrid equity instrument.................................................................................................... 
3,292 
3,292 
Non-controlling interests .................................................................................................... 
419 
449 
Total equity ....................................................................................................................... 
29,050 
27,179 
 
Share capital 
As at 31 December 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Holding's share capital comprised 2,670,729 shares of AED 
1,000 each, all of which are fully paid and owned by Majid Al Futtaim Capital LLC which, in turn, is (or 
will be, once the committee has provided its final decision) 99.6 per cent. owned by the 9 heirs of Mr. Majid 
Al Futtaim (see "Risk Factors – Risks relating to the Group – The interests of the potential successors to 
the Group's controlling shareholder may, in certain circumstances, be different from the interests of the 
Noteholders" for further details. 
Revaluation reserve

--- Page 132 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 117 - 
75-41033197 
 
The revaluation reserve principally reflects changes in the fair value of land and buildings classified as 
property, plant and equipment as required by IAS 16. 
Any increase in value arising on the revaluation of properties is credited to the revaluation reserve in equity, 
except to the extent that it reverses a revaluation decrease for the same property previously recognised in 
profit or loss, in which case the increase is credited to profit or loss to the extent of the decrease previously 
charged. 
Any decrease in carrying amount arising on the revaluation of properties is charged to profit or loss except 
to the extent that it reverses a revaluation gain previously recognised in reserve in respect of the asset 
concerned, in which case it is debited to the revaluation reserve in equity. 
Other reserves 
Group companies maintain a statutory reserve as required by applicable law. Typically a percentage of 
profit of the relevant company is transferred to the statutory reserve each year until the reserve equals the 
limit prescribed by applicable law. Under UAE law, a company is required to set aside 10 per cent. of its 
net profit to maintain this statutory reserve until the reserve reaches half of the company's capital. In 
addition, the Group maintains fair value reserves in respect of hedging instruments as well as a currency 
translation reserve in respect of foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the financial 
statements of Group companies whose functional currency is other than the UAE dirham. 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
The Group's related party transactions are described in Note 28 to the 2021 Group Financial Statements 
and principally comprise transactions with other Group companies, Majid Al Futtaim Holding's parent 
company and its shareholders, companies under common control with Majid Al Futtaim Holding and key 
management personnel and/or their close family members. 
OFF-BALANCE SHEET LIABILITIES 
The Group has significant off-balance sheet liabilities (as described in Note 36 to the 2021 Group Financial 
Statements) in the form of capital commitments, letters of credit granted by banks in the normal course of 
business and guarantees given by Group companies. The table below shows the Group's off-balance sheet 
liabilities as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively. 
 
As at 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED millions) 
Capital commitments.......................................................................................................... 
2,392 
1,033 
Group's share of capital commitments in relation to its equity accounted investees ........... 
279 
343 
Letters of credit outstanding ............................................................................................... 
109 
13 
Bank guarantees outstanding .............................................................................................. 
605 
123 
Total .................................................................................................................................. 
3,385 
1,512 
 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
Note 35 to the 2021 Group Financial Statements describes the principal financial risks faced by the Group 
and the principal procedures used by the Group to manage these risks. The principal financial risks faced 
by the Group are credit risk, liquidity risk and interest rate risk as further described below. 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or a counterparty to a financial instrument 
fails to meet its contractual obligations and arises principally from the Group's receivables. Management 
has a credit policy in place and the exposure to credit risk is monitored on an ongoing basis. The majority 
of the Group's income is by way of cash and advance receipts and is supported by a deposit equivalent to 
one month's advance rental. Credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a 
certain amount and there is no concentration of credit risk. Cash is placed with a diversified portfolio of 
reputable banks and the risk of default is considered remote. As at 31 December 2021, the Group's 
management assessed the recoverability of its trade receivables and considers them to be recoverable. As 
at 31 December 2021, amounts due from related parties were considered by the Group's management to be

--- Page 133 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 118 - 
75-41033197 
 
fully recoverable. As at 31 December 2021, all non-current receivables were due within five years of 31 
December 2021 and the fair values of trade and other receivables were approximately equal to the carrying 
value. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. 
The Group's approach to managing liquidity is to ensure that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet 
its liabilities when they become due without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group's 
reputation. The Group manages liquidity risk through the use of bank overdrafts, bank loans and credit 
facilities (see "Group Financial Review – Liquidity and Borrowings"). 
Market risk 
Market risk is the risk of changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates and equity 
prices, which will affect the Group's income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The Group 
seeks to apply hedge accounting to manage volatility in its profit or loss in relation to its exposure to interest 
rate risk. 
Foreign currency risk 
The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk on its net investments in foreign subsidiaries and operations. 
The Group is also exposed to foreign currency risk on purchases denominated in foreign currencies. 
The Group hedges the risk by obtaining foreign exchange forward contracts on all material foreign currency 
purchases. As at 31 December 2021, all of the forward exchange contracts had maturities of less than five 
years after 31 December 2021. Where necessary, foreign exchange contracts are rolled over at maturity. 
Interest rate risk 
Interest rate risk is managed within the framework of the Group's interest rate risk management policy. The 
Group adopts a policy of maintaining target duration on its liability portfolio of about half a year to three 
and a half years. This is achieved through cash and/or by using derivative financial instruments which are 
eligible for hedge accounting. 
Capital management 
The Group uses, amongst other metrics, the net debt to equity ratio to monitor its capital. See "Presentation 
of Financial Information – Use of Alternative Performance Measures" for a further description of this APM 
(including reconciliation to the Group Financial Statements) and "Summary of Group Financial 
Information – EBITDA and Other Ratios" for the Group's net debt to equity ratio as at 31 December 2021. 
The Group has various borrowing arrangements which require it to comply with net worth, interest cover 
and debt/equity ratios. The Group was in compliance with all such requirements as at 31 December 2021 
and remains in compliance with all such requirements as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
DIVIDEND POLICY 
Majid Al Futtaim Holding is the only company within the Group to have a set dividend policy, the 
conditions for which are as follows: 
(a) 
Majid Al Futtaim Holding intends to distribute approximately 10 per cent. of its annual 
consolidated net income to its shareholders (the "distribution"), which distribution shall be made 
no later than six months after the end of the financial year to which the distribution relates or at 
such other intervals as the Board may determine from time to time; 
(b) 
the terms of any distribution (including the final amount and timing of such distribution) will at all 
times remain at the sole and absolute discretion of the Board, who will be required to approve 
every distribution by separate resolution in advance of declaring such distribution. Final payment 
of any declared distribution will be subject to the final approval by the company's shareholders; 
and

--- Page 134 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 119 - 
75-41033197 
 
(c) 
the Majid Al Futtaim Holding Board shall take into consideration a number of factors before 
declaring or making such distribution, including (without limitation): 
(i) 
general economic and business conditions, Majid Al Futtaim Holding's and the Group's 
strategic plans, Majid Al Futtaim Holding's financial results and conditions, its cash 
requirements and the benefits of investing any future earnings in the development and 
growth of the Group's business; 
(ii) 
any legal requirements and any contractual obligations or limitations, whether currently 
applicable or which may become relevant in the future, which affect, or may affect, the 
ability of Majid Al Futtaim Holding to approve or make such distribution; 
(iii) 
the requirements of any future financing agreements to which Majid Al Futtaim Holding 
may be a party; and 
(iv) 
any other factors which the Board may deem relevant in respect of the distribution in 
question.

--- Page 135 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 120 - 
75-41033197 
 
SUMMARY OF MAJID AL FUTTAIM PROPERTIES FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following summary of consolidated historical financial information as at and for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2021 and as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 has been extracted 
from the 2021 Majid Al Futtaim Properties Financial Statements, which have been incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should read the following summary consolidated financial information in conjunction 
with the information contained in "Presentation of Financial Information", "Risk Factors", "Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties Financial Review", "Description of the Group – Majid Al Futtaim Properties" appearing 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus as well as the Majid Al Futtaim Properties Financial Statements 
(including the related notes thereto) incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE 
INCOME 
The following table shows Majid Al Futtaim Properties' consolidated statements of profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 and the financial year ended 31 
December 2020, respectively: 
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED millions) 
Revenue ..................................................................................................................... 
4,406 
3,489 
Operating expenses .................................................................................................... 
(2,126) 
(1,544) 
Finance costs .............................................................................................................. 
(376) 
(348) 
Share of results of equity accounted investees – net of tax ......................................... 
91 
18 
Impairment loss on financial assets ............................................................................ 
(34) 
(100) 
Impairment loss on non-financial assets ..................................................................... 
(124) 
(1,273) 
Finance income .......................................................................................................... 
6 
6 
Other income – net ..................................................................................................... 
54 
144 
Profit before net valuation gain on land and buildings and tax ............................ 
1,897 
392 
Net valuation gain/(loss) on land and buildings.......................................................... 
1,039 
(3,211) 
Profit/(loss) before tax .............................................................................................. 
2,936 
(2,819) 
Income tax expense .................................................................................................... 
(88) 
(20) 
Net profit/(loss) after tax .......................................................................................... 
2,848 
(2,839) 
 
 
 
Net profit/(loss) after tax attributable to: 
 
 
Owners of the company .............................................................................................. 
2,848 
(2,836) 
Non-controlling interests ............................................................................................ 
- 
(3) 
Net profit/(loss) after tax .......................................................................................... 
2,848 
(2,839) 
 
 
 
Net profit/(loss) after tax .......................................................................................... 
2,848 
(2,839) 
Other comprehensive income: 
 
 
Gain/(loss) on revaluation of property, plant and equipment ...................................... 
168 
(400) 
Foreign operations – foreign currency translation differences .................................... 
(166) 
(713) 
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax ............................................ 
2 
(1,113) 
Total comprehensive income for the year ............................................................... 
2,850 
(3,952) 
 
 
 
Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to: 
 
 
Owners of the Company ............................................................................................. 
2,851 
(3,932) 
Non-controlling interests ............................................................................................ 
(1) 
(20) 
Total comprehensive income for the year ............................................................... 
2,850 
(3,952)

--- Page 136 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 121 - 
75-41033197 
 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
The following table shows Majid Al Futtaim Properties' consolidated statement of financial position as at 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively: 
 
As at 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED millions) 
Non-current assets: 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment ..................................................................................... 
3,792 
3,626 
Investment property .................................................................................................... 
37,263 
35,785 
Investment in equity accounted investees .................................................................... 
847 
789 
Long-term receivables ................................................................................................. 
808 
491 
Intangible assets .......................................................................................................... 
106 
9 
Deferred tax assets ...................................................................................................... 
91 
51 
Right-of-use assets ...................................................................................................... 
22 
31 
Total non-current assets ........................................................................................... 
42,929 
40,782 
 
 
 
Current assets: 
 
 
Inventories................................................................................................................... 
624 
31 
Trade and other receivables ......................................................................................... 
1,007 
967 
Due from related parties .............................................................................................. 
119 
122 
Short-term loan to related parties ................................................................................ 
43 
61 
Restricted cash ............................................................................................................ 
1,341 
- 
Cash and bank equivalents .......................................................................................... 
336 
209 
Total current assets ................................................................................................... 
3,470 
1,390 
Total assets ................................................................................................................. 
46,399 
42,172 
 
 
 
Non-current liabilities: 
 
 
Term loan from a related party .................................................................................... 
3,854 
4,029 
Loans and borrowings ................................................................................................. 
7,135 
7,142 
Other liabilities ............................................................................................................ 
231 
152 
Retirement benefit obligation ...................................................................................... 
112 
112 
Deferred tax liabilities ................................................................................................. 
351 
224 
Provisions .................................................................................................................... 
15 
3 
Total non-current liabilities ...................................................................................... 
11,698 
11,662 
 
 
 
Current liabilities: 
 
 
Trade and other payables ............................................................................................. 
4,168 
2,928 
Provisions .................................................................................................................... 
151 
27 
Loans and borrowings ................................................................................................. 
55 
41 
Short-term loan from a related party ........................................................................... 
57 
117 
Due to related parties................................................................................................... 
388 
50 
Total current liabilities ............................................................................................. 
4,819 
3,163 
Total liabilities ........................................................................................................... 
16,517 
14,825 
Net assets .................................................................................................................... 
29,882 
27,347 
 
 
 
Equity: 
 
 
Share capital ................................................................................................................ 
3,500 
3,500 
Shareholder contribution. ............................................................................................ 
2,938 
2,938 
Revaluation reserve ..................................................................................................... 
13,960 
13,792 
Retained earnings ........................................................................................................ 
9,842 
7,301 
Other reserves ............................................................................................................. 
(741) 
(576) 
Equity attributable to the owners of the Company ................................................. 
29,499 
26,955 
Non-controlling interest .............................................................................................. 
383 
392 
Total equity ................................................................................................................ 
29,882 
27,347

--- Page 137 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 122 - 
75-41033197 
 
CASH FLOW STATEMENT 
The following table summarises Majid Al Futtaim Properties' cash flows for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 and the financial year ended 31 December 2020, respectively: 
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED millions) 
Net cash from operating activities ..............................................................................  
2,591 
1,838 
Net cash (used in) investing activities ........................................................................  
(1,193) 
(1,231) 
Net cash flows (used in) financing activities ..............................................................  
(1,257) 
(703) 
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ............................................  
141 
(96) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year ..............................................  
209 
335 
Effect of movements in exchange rates on cash held .................................................  
(14) 
(30) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year ...................................................  
336 
209 
 
EBITDA 
The following table shows a reconciliation of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' EBITDA to (loss)/profit as 
shown in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2021 and the financial year ended 31 December 2020, respectively: 
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED millions) 
Profit/(Loss) after tax ...............................................................................................  
2,848 
(2,839) 
 
 
 
Adjustments for: 
 
 
Finance income ..........................................................................................................  
(6) 
(6) 
Share of results of equity accounted investees – net of tax .........................................  
(91) 
(18) 
Net valuation (gain)/loss on land and buildings..........................................................  
(1,039) 
3,211 
Impairment loss on non-financial assets .....................................................................  
124 
1,273 
Depreciation ...............................................................................................................  
353 
419 
Finance costs ..............................................................................................................  
376 
348 
Reversal of/(project costs written-off) ........................................................................  
5 
(6) 
Amortisation ..............................................................................................................  
12 
13 
Income tax expense ....................................................................................................  
88 
20 
IFRS 16 adjustment ....................................................................................................  
(18) 
(27) 
Income on sale of a subsidiary ...................................................................................  
(51) 
- 
Foreign exchange (gain)/loss – net .............................................................................  
1 
(44) 
Miscellaneous Non-EBITDA accounts ......................................................................  
1 
(2) 
EBITDA ....................................................................................................................  
2,603 
2,342

--- Page 138 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 123 - 
75-41033197 
 
MAJID AL FUTTAIM PROPERTIES FINANCIAL REVIEW 
The following review of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' financial position and results of operations is based 
upon and should be read in conjunction with the Majid Al Futtaim Properties Financial Statements, which 
have been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties (see "Cautionary 
Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements"). Actual results for Majid Al Futtaim Properties could 
differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, 
including those discussed below and in "Risk Factors". 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS 
The preparation of the Majid Al Futtaim Properties Financial Statements requires management to make 
certain estimates and judgments, some of which are subjective and complex, often as a result of the need to 
make estimations of future events. Majid Al Futtaim Properties' significant accounting policies are set out 
in Note 5 to the 2021 Majid Al Futtaim Properties Financial Statements and a summary of the critical 
accounting estimates and judgments that are made in preparing the financial statements is set out in Note 4 
to the 2021 Majid Al Futtaim Properties Financial Statements. 
Impact of COVID-19 
On 11 March 2020, the World Health Organisation declared the novel coronavirus disease, COVID-19, 
a global pandemic and recommended containment and mitigation measures worldwide. The COVID-19 
pandemic had a significant impact on economic and market conditions around the world during 2021 
and continues to adversely impact economic activity. Majid Al Futtaim Properties' businesses were also 
impacted by COVID-19 and measures taken by governments and authorities to contain its spread (see 
further "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group – All of the Group's businesses have been adversely 
affected by the COVID-19 pandemic"). Majid Al Futtaim Properties has assessed the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic on its businesses and how it is reflected in its consolidated financial position and 
performance. See Note 3 to the 2021 Majid Al Futtaim Properties Financial Statements in respect of 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' assessment of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on its business. 
REPORTING SEGMENTS 
With effect from 1 January 2020, Majid Al Futtaim Properties' shopping malls business is managed by the 
SMBU (which is responsible for the management of shopping malls operations) and the SMDBU (which 
is responsible for the delivery of future malls and retail development). Accordingly, Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties has six strategic segments/divisions (namely, the SMBU, the SMDBU, the Hotels Business Unit, 
the Communities Business Unit, the Project Management Center of Excellence and Corporate). These 
segments/divisions offer different services and are managed separately because they have operating 
independence and autonomy. The Board of Directors of Majid Al Futtaim Properties reviews the internal 
management reports of each division regularly. In addition, Majid Al Futtaim Properties' geographic 
reporting divisions/segments comprise the UAE, Oman, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia (combined with the UAE, 
Oman and Bahrain into "GCC Total"), Egypt and Lebanon. 
The following is a brief description of the operating segments/divisions: 
• 
Shopping Mall Business Unit (SMBU): this business unit leads and manages all aspects of the 
retail management of shopping malls, ranging from regional shopping malls to smaller community 
centres. The SMBU undertakes various functions in this respect such as leasing, marketing and 
property management. Revenues from this business unit principally comprise base minimum rents, 
percentage rents based on tenant sales volume and mall promotions and media; 
• 
Shopping Mall Development Business Unit (SMDBU): this business unit leads and manages the 
delivery of all future shopping mall developments of the Group, ranging from regional shopping 
malls to smaller community centres. The SMDBU undertakes various functions in this respect such 
as development and design; 
• 
Hotels Business Unit: this business unit is responsible for the development of hotel assets and the 
management of these assets in association with third-party hotel operators. Revenues from this 
business unit principally comprise room revenues and food and beverage revenues;

--- Page 139 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 124 - 
75-41033197 
 
• 
Communities Business Unit: this business unit is responsible for the master development of larger 
master-planned lifestyle developments that comprise multiple asset classes (such as residential 
units, hotels and leisure and entertainment facilities), and is responsible for infrastructure, 
residential and commercial assets within these developments. The Communities Business Unit is 
also responsible for managing the Group's portfolio of office buildings. Revenues from this 
business unit comprise revenue from sale of trading properties, leasing revenues from commercial, 
residential, serviced land or other mixed-use assets, as well as management fees where the 
Communities Business Unit has agreed with its joint venture partner to provide management 
services in respect of the relevant development; 
• 
Project Management Center of Excellence: this business unit provides advisory, project delivery 
and management services to the SMBU, SMDBU, Hotels Business Unit and the Communities 
Business Unit; and 
• 
Corporate: this business unit provides corporate support services to the business units of the 
Group. 
The table below shows each business unit's revenue, EBITDA and net (loss)/profit after tax for the years 
ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively. 
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
Revenue 
EBITDA 
Net profit/(loss) after tax 
 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED millions) 
SMBU(1) .................................. 
3,392 
3,197 
2,495 
2,363 
3,058 
(2,360) 
Hotels Business Unit ............... 
453 
236 
122 
22 
33 
(284) 
Communities Business Unit .... 
531 
36 
75 
26 
20 
104 
Project Management Center of 
Excellence ............................... 
30 
20 
(1) 
(4) 
(5) 
(3) 
Corporate ................................ 
– 
– 
(88) 
(65) 
(258) 
(296) 
Total ....................................... 
4,406 
3,489 
2,603 
2,342 
(2,848) 
(2,839) 
 ___________________  
(1) The financial results of SMDBU form part of SMBU. 
Note 10 to the 2021 Majid Al Futtaim Properties Financial Statements presents certain financial information 
for each segment. In revenue and assets terms, the SMBU and SMDBU together are the most significant 
segments, accounting for 77.0 per cent. of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' revenue in 2021 and for 79.8 per 
cent. of its assets as at 31 December 2021, as per statutory reporting. 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021 AND 
THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
Summary  
Majid Al Futtaim Properties had a strong net profit performance at AED 2.8 billion, an increase of AED 
5.7 billion in comparison to 2020 and property valuations ended at a net positive (AED 1.0 billion) mainly 
driven by positive outlook in the shopping malls occupancy, long term lease renewals and improving retail 
market in Egypt. For hotels, Majid Al Futtaim Properties witnessed a gradual improvement in performance 
during 2021 with additional upside in the last quarter due to launch of Expo 2020 Dubai. 
Revenue 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' principal source of revenue is the rental income that it earns from the tenants 
in its shopping malls and other properties. Majid Al Futtaim Properties also earns revenue from the hotels 
which it owns and limited leisure and entertainment revenue from the unique leisure offerings owned by it 
and managed by Majid Al Futtaim LEC, including Ski Dubai and certain facilities at City Centre Mirdif 
(Dubai) (see "Description of the Group – Majid Al Futtaim LEC and Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle – Wholly-
owned businesses – Majid Al Futtaim Leisure and Entertainment").

--- Page 140 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 125 - 
75-41033197 
 
The table below shows a breakdown of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' revenue for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021 and the financial year ended 31 December 2020, respectively. 
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED 
millions) 
(%) 
(AED 
millions) 
(%) 
Revenue from investment property: 
 
 
 
 
Rental income ...................................................................... 
2,701 
61.3 
2,576 
73.8 
Service charge ...................................................................... 
405 
9.2 
416 
11.9 
Marketing and promotion contribution ................................. 
99 
2.2 
96 
2.8 
Other .................................................................................... 
36 
0.8 
31 
0.9 
 
 
 
 
 
Other revenue: 
 
 
 
 
Revenue from property sales - net ........................................ 
504 
11.4 
- 
- 
Revenue from hospitality ..................................................... 
453 
10.3 
236 
6.8 
Revenue from leisure and entertainment .............................. 
160 
3.6 
92 
2.6 
Project management revenue ................................................ 
29 
0.7 
20 
0.6 
Other revenue ....................................................................... 
19 
0.4 
22 
0.6 
Total revenue ...................................................................... 
4,406 
100.0 
3,489 
100.0 
 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' total revenue increased by AED 917 million, or 26.3 per cent., in 2021 (from 
AED 3,489 million in 2020 to AED 4,406 million in 2021). This increase was principally attributable to 
increased footfall in its shopping malls, improved occupancy in hotels and an increase in admissions to its 
leisure and entertainment businesses. In addition, revenue from the property sales of Tilal Al Ghaf was 
recorded during the year. 
In geographical terms, in 2021, 76.4 per cent. of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' revenue was derived from 
the UAE, 11.1 per cent. was derived from Egypt, 6.5 per cent. was derived from Bahrain, 5.6 per cent. was 
derived from Oman and 0.4 per cent. was derived from Lebanon. 
Rental income 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties derives almost all of its rental income from renting units in its shopping malls 
and a very small proportion from renting offices in three office buildings (of which, one is partially occupied 
by Group companies). 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' rental income increased by AED 125 million, or 4.9 per cent., in 2021 (from 
AED 2,576 million in 2020 to AED 2,701 million in 2021). This increase was principally attributable to 
increased footfall in its shopping malls. 
Revenue from hospitality 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties earns hotel revenue from the rooms, food and beverages and other services 
provided at its hotels. All hotel revenue is stated gross, with the fees paid to the hotel management 
companies and the costs incurred by Majid Al Futtaim Properties in providing services at its hotels being 
included in operating expenses. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' hotel revenue increased by AED 217 million, or 91.9 per cent., in 2021 (from 
AED 236 million in 2020 to AED 453 million in 2021). This increase was principally attributable to 
improved occupancy in hotels. 
Revenue from leisure and entertainment 
Leisure and entertainment revenue increased by AED 68 million, or 73.9 per cent., in 2021 (from AED 92 
million in 2020 to AED 160 million in 2021). This increase was principally attributable to an increase in 
admissions to its leisure and entertainment businesses.

--- Page 141 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 126 - 
75-41033197 
 
 
Operating expenses 
The table below shows Majid Al Futtaim Properties' operating expenses for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 and the financial year ended 31 December 2020 respectively. 
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED 
millions) 
(%) 
(AED 
millions) 
(%) 
Employee benefits ................................................................ 
(543) 
25.5 
(404) 
26.2 
Cost of revenue from property sales ..................................... 
(374) 
17.6 
- 
- 
Depreciation ......................................................................... 
(353) 
16.6 
(419) 
27.1 
Facilities maintenance and repairs ........................................ 
(130) 
6.1 
(111) 
7.2 
Selling and marketing expenses ........................................... 
(116) 
5.5 
(95) 
6.2 
Utilities................................................................................. 
(72) 
3.4 
(66) 
4.3 
Housekeeping expenses ........................................................ 
(71) 
3.3 
(63) 
4.1 
IT costs ................................................................................. 
(65) 
3.1 
(53) 
3.4 
Legal and Consultancy fee ................................................... 
(54) 
2.5 
(64) 
4.1 
Hotel operator fee and sales commission ............................. 
(51) 
2.4 
(33) 
2.1 
Security expenses ................................................................. 
(46) 
2.2 
(41) 
2.7 
Sales commission ................................................................. 
(25) 
1.2 
- 
- 
Hotels food and beverage expenses ...................................... 
(23) 
1.1 
(14) 
0.9 
Service charges and other recharges ..................................... 
(23) 
1.1 
(30) 
1.9 
Insurance premiums ............................................................. 
(21) 
1.0 
(19) 
1.2 
Property taxes ....................................................................... 
(19) 
0.9 
(18) 
1.2 
Office supplies ..................................................................... 
(15) 
0.7 
(9) 
0.6 
Leisure and entertainment units' cost of operations .............. 
(15) 
0.7 
(10) 
0.6 
Amortisation charge for intangible assets ............................. 
(12) 
0.6 
(13) 
0.8 
Travel expenses .................................................................... 
(4) 
0.2 
(4) 
0.3 
Miscellaneous expenses ....................................................... 
(94) 
4.4 
(78) 
5.1 
Total operating expenses .................................................... 
(2,126) 
100.0 
(1,544) 
100.0 
 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' total operating expenses increased by AED 582 million, or 37.7 per cent., in 
2021 (from AED 1,544 million in 2020 to AED 2,126 million in 2021). This increase was principally 
attributable to an increase in discretionary spending and the relaxation of temporary suspensions on certain 
staff allowances and bonuses. In addition, cost of revenue from the property sales of Tilal Al Ghaf was 
recorded during the year. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' principal operating expenses are depreciation and employee benefits, which 
together comprised 42.1 per cent. and 53.3 per cent. of its total operating expenses in 2021 and 2020, 
respectively. Each of these items is analysed in more detail below. 
Depreciation 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' depreciation charge decreased by AED 66 million, or 15.8 per cent., in 2021 
(from AED 419 million in 2020 to AED 353 million in 2021) principally attributable to the furniture, 
fixtures and equipment that are now near to or fully depreciated, and the reduction in Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties' hotels building and right of use assets depreciation. 
Employee benefits 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' employee benefits (which exclude staff costs capitalised as part of projects 
under construction) increased by AED 139 million, or 34.4 per cent., in 2021 (from AED 404 million in 
2020 to AED 543 million in 2021). This increase was principally attributable to the relaxation of temporary 
suspensions on certain staff allowances and bonuses.

--- Page 142 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 127 - 
75-41033197 
 
Finance costs – net 
The table below shows Majid Al Futtaim Properties' net finance cost recognised in profit or loss for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2021 and the financial year ended 31 December 2020, respectively. 
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED millions) 
Finance costs: 
 
 
Interest expense (including arrangement and participation fees) ........................................ 
(437) 
(531) 
Interest expense on lease liabilities..................................................................................... 
(13) 
(15) 
Discounting of a long-term receivable ............................................................................... 
(11) 
- 
Unwinding of discount on receivables ............................................................................... 
3 
7 
Less: Amounts capitalised with the cost of qualifying assets ............................................. 
82 
191 
Total finance costs ............................................................................................................ 
(376) 
(348) 
Total finance income ........................................................................................................ 
6 
6 
Finance costs – net ............................................................................................................ 
(370) 
(342) 
 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' net finance cost charged to profit and loss increased by AED 28 million, or 
8.2 per cent., in 2021 (from AED 342 million in 2020 to AED 370 million in 2021). This increase was 
principally attributable to a lower capitalization of borrowing costs for assets completed during the year 
offset by the decrease in Majid Al Futtaim Properties' loans interest rate. 
Share of results of equity accounted investees – net of tax 
A list of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' material joint ventures is set out in Note 9.1.2 to the 2021 Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties Financial Statements. Associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity 
method, which means that Majid Al Futtaim Properties' proportionate share of the profit or loss made by 
each associate or joint venture is included under this line item. 
The table below shows Majid Al Futtaim Properties' share of the profit or loss of its associates and joint 
ventures for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 and the financial year ended 31 December 2020, 
respectively. 
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED millions) 
Share of results of equity accounted investees – net of tax ................................................  
91 
18 
Total .................................................................................................................................  
91 
18 
 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' share of profit in associates and joint ventures increased by AED 73 million, 
or 405.6 per cent., in 2021 (from AED 18 million in 2020 to AED 91 million in 2021). This increase was 
principally attributable to an increase in sales in respect of Al Mouj Muscat and Sharjah Holding. 
Furthermore, the share in profit of Enova Facilities Management LLC was recorded during the year as a 
result of the transfer of this entity from Majid Al Futtaim Ventures to the Group, effective 1 January 2021. 
Impairment charges 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties recognised an impairment loss of AED 124 million in 2021, compared to AED 
1,273 million in 2020, on non-financial assets. This impairment loss on non-financial assets was primarily 
attributable to shopping malls under construction. 
In addition, the Group also recognised an impairment loss charge of AED 34 million in 2021, compared to 
AED 100 million in 2020, on financial assets. This impairment loss on financial assets was primarily 
attributable to specific provisions against major tenant groups and additional impairment loss on lease 
receivables due to additional overlays using revised macroeconomic factors in order to capture the current 
market conditions. Furthermore, impairment was recorded as a receivable from hotel brand management as 
a result of an amicable settlement.

--- Page 143 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 128 - 
75-41033197 
 
Other income – net 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' other income and expenses comprise project costs provided for or written-off 
once the Group determines not to proceed with a particular project, development expenses written-off that 
cannot be capitalised to a project per IFRS, service charges levied on related parties, any net foreign 
exchange gain or loss and other income. Majid Al Futtaim Properties' other income was AED 54 million in 
2021, compared to AED 144 million in 2020. This change was principally attributable to the increase in the 
development expenses attributable to Tilal Al Ghaf, City Centre Al Zahia, Mall of Oman and Mall of Saudi. 
Net valuation gain/(loss) on land and buildings 
Developed properties classified as property, plant and equipment in accordance with IAS 16 are revalued 
on each reporting date. Any increase arising on the revaluation of developed properties is credited to the 
revaluation reserve in equity, except to the extent that it reverses a revaluation decrease for the same 
property previously recognised in profit or loss, in which case the increase is credited to profit or loss to 
the extent of the decrease previously charged. A decrease in carrying amount arising from the revaluation 
of properties is charged to profit and loss, except to the extent that it reverses a previously recognised 
revaluation gain on the property in which case it is debited to revaluation reserve in equity. 
Investment properties are properties held either to earn rental income, for capital appreciation or for both, 
but not for sale in the ordinary course of business, use in the production or supply of goods or services or 
for administrative purposes. Following initial recognition at cost, investment property, principally 
comprising land with undetermined use, certain shopping malls and property being constructed for future 
use as investment property, is stated at fair value at the reporting date. 
The net valuation change on land and buildings comprises the sum of: (a) any losses incurred on the 
revaluation of properties classified as property, plant and equipment; (b) any increases arising on the 
revaluation of properties classified as property, plant and equipment to the extent they reverse losses 
previously charged to the profit and loss; and (c) the fair value gains or losses on investment property. 
In 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Properties recognised a net valuation gain of AED 281 million on property, plant 
and equipment. Of this, a valuation gain of AED 168 million (mainly for the Kempinski Mall of Emirates, 
the Sheraton Mall of Emirates, Hilton Garden Inn Mall of Emirates and Pullman City Centre Hotel and 
Residences) was charged to other comprehensive income and a valuation gain of AED 113 million was 
charged to the profit and loss account. The valuation gain of AED 113 million was mainly on account of 
Aloft City Centre Deira, the Westin City Centre and Le Meridien in Bahrain. A gain on valuation of 
investment property of AED 926 million was also charged to the profit and loss account in 2021. This 
valuation gain reflects fair value gains across a large number of properties (particularly in Mall of the 
Emirates, City Centre Al Zahia, City Centre Ajman and shopping malls in Egypt). 
Profit/(loss) before tax 
Reflecting the above factors, Majid Al Futtaim Properties' profit before tax was AED 2,936 million in 2021, 
compared to loss before tax of AED 2,819 million in 2020. 
Income tax expense 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties is subject to tax on the income earned by it in certain jurisdictions in which it 
operates. Majid Al Futtaim Properties' operations in these jurisdictions gave rise to an income tax charge 
of AED 88 million in 2021 and an income tax charge of AED 20 million in 2020. In 2021, Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties recognised a deferred tax charge of AED 84 million, compared to AED 5 million in 2020. Majid 
Al Futtaim Properties recognises deferred tax on the temporary differences arising between the tax base 
and asset base on fair valuation of properties in Egypt, Lebanon and Oman. 
Net profit/(loss) after tax 
Reflecting the above factors, Majid Al Futtaim Properties' profit after tax was AED 2,848 million in 2021, 
compared to loss after tax of AED 2,839 million in 2020.

--- Page 144 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 129 - 
75-41033197 
 
Other comprehensive income for the year – net of tax 
In 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Properties' other comprehensive income was AED 2 million compared to other 
comprehensive income of negative AED 1,113 million in 2020. This change was principally attributable to 
the currency devaluation in Lebanon (see note 29.4 of the 2021 Majid Al Futtaim Properties Financial 
Statements) and loss on revaluation of property, plant and equipment in 2020. 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
Reflecting Majid Al Futtaim Properties' profit after tax for the year and its other comprehensive income, 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' total comprehensive income for the year was AED 2,850 million in 2021, 
compared to a total comprehensive income of negative AED 3,952 million in 2020. 
CASH FLOWS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021 AND THE 
FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
The table below summarises Majid Al Futtaim Properties' cash flows for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 and the financial year ended 31 December 2020, respectively. 
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED millions) 
Net cash from operating activities ..............................................................................  
2,591 
1,838 
Net cash (used in) investing activities ........................................................................  
(1,193) 
(1,231) 
Net cash (used in) financing activities ........................................................................  
(1,257) 
(703) 
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ............................................  
141 
(96) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year ..............................................  
209 
335 
Effect of movements in exchange rates on cash held .................................................  
(14) 
(30) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year ...................................................  
336 
209 
 
In 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Properties' net cash from operating activities was AED 2,591 million. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' net cash used in investing activities in 2021 was AED 1,193 million, 
principally reflecting shopping malls development and re-development projects (comprising Mall of Oman, 
City Centre Al Zahia and Mall of the Emirates). 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' net cash used in financing activities in 2021 was AED 1,257 million, 
principally reflecting repayment of loans and finance cost of AED 2,986 million and payment of finance 
lease liabilities of AED 23 million, which was offset by proceeds from loans of AED 1,763 million. 
In 2020, Majid Al Futtaim Properties' net cash from operating activities was AED 1,838 million. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' net cash used in investing activities in 2020 was AED 1,231 million, 
principally reflecting shopping malls under construction (comprising City Centre Al Zahia and Mall of 
Oman). 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' net cash used in financing activities in 2020 was AED 703 million, principally 
reflecting repayment of loans and finance cost of AED 2,945 million and payment of finance lease liabilities 
of AED 41 million, which was offset by proceeds from loans of AED 2,277 million. 
LAND AND BUILDINGS 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' land and buildings are categorised either as investment property or as property, 
plant and equipment. Investment properties are properties held either to earn rental income, for capital 
appreciation or both, but not for sale in the ordinary course of business, use in the production or supply of 
goods and services or for administrative purposes. 
Certain of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' properties include a portion that is held to generate rental income 
or capital appreciation and another portion that is held for own use in the supply of services or for 
administrative purposes. These properties may be split between the two categories where applicable law 
provides that separate title could be granted to each portion.

--- Page 145 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 130 - 
75-41033197 
 
The fair value of the investment properties and land and buildings included within property, plant and 
equipment is determined twice a year at the reporting date (i.e. 31 December and 30 June) by independent 
external RICS Chartered Surveyors and Valuers having sufficient current local and national knowledge of 
the respective property markets. The valuation has been prepared in accordance with the RICS Valuation 
Global Standards-2020 including the International Valuations Standards and the RICS Professional 
Standards (revised April 2015) (the Red Book). For the valuation of shopping malls the discounted cash 
flows ("DCF") approach is used to determine the present value of the estimated future net cash flows, 
generally for a period of 10 years, for each property adopting an asset specific discount rate. An exit yield 
that reflects the specific risks inherent in the asset is then applied to the final cash flow to arrive at the 
property valuation. The fair value derived using DCF for shopping malls is benchmarked against the net 
initial yield methodology. Properties Under Construction ("PUC") are measured at fair value once the 
valuer determines that a substantial part of the project's uncertainty has been eliminated, such that a reliable 
value can be determined. PUC are valued by estimating the fair value of the completed property using the 
income capitalisation approach and deducting the estimated costs to complete the construction. When the 
value is deemed not to be reliably determinable, the PUC is carried at cost of the land plus work in progress 
less impairment until the earlier of the date that construction is completed or the date at which fair value 
becomes reliably measurable. For valuation of hotels, the fair value is derived using DCF and is 
benchmarked against capital value per key and net initial yield. For valuation of offices, the fair value is 
derived by applying an asset specific capitalisation rate on the net operating income of the property 
benchmarked to market rates. Properties held for future development (land bank) are valued using 
comparable methodology, which involves analysing other relevant market transactions. Comparable 
methodology can involve a parcelisation approach where it is assumed a larger plot is subdivided and sold 
in smaller lot sizes over a period of time. 
The table below shows the value of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' land and buildings as at 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively. 
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED millions) 
Classified as property, plant and equipment ....................................................  
3,262 
3,163 
Classified as investment property ....................................................................  
34,052 
30,585 
Total ...............................................................................................................  
37,314 
33,748 
 
In addition, Majid Al Futtaim Properties had undeveloped land classified as investment property and valued 
at AED 1,735 million as at 31 December 2021 and AED 1,947 million as at 31 December 2020. 
BORROWINGS 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' external borrowings comprise long-term loans from commercial banks. In 
addition, as at 31 December 2021 Majid Al Futtaim Properties had loans outstanding from Majid Al Futtaim 
Holding totalling AED 3,854 million and from Majid Al Futtaim Retail totalling AED 57 million (see 
"Majid Al Futtaim Properties Financial Review – Related Party Transactions"). 
The table below summarises Majid Al Futtaim Properties' external borrowings as at 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2020, respectively. 
 
Year ended 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED millions) 
Total loans and borrowings .....................................................................................  
7,190 
7,183 
Of which: 
 
 
Current .......................................................................................................................  
55 
41 
Non-current ................................................................................................................  
7,135 
7,142 
 
Details of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' outstanding external loans and facilities as at 31 December 2021 
are set out in Note 26 to the 2021 Majid Al Futtaim Properties Financial Statements. The long-term loan 
from banks has a maturity date of March 2029 while Majid Al Futtaim Properties' senior unsecured debt 
capital securities have scheduled maturity dates extending to February 2030. All of Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties' outstanding borrowings as at 31 December 2021 were denominated in non-AED currencies. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' floating rate loan carried a margin of 1.35 per cent. per annum over the base

--- Page 146 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 131 - 
75-41033197 
 
lending rate, whilst its senior unsecured debt capital securities had returns ranging from 3.15 per cent. to 
4.638 per cent. per annum. As at 31 December 2021, Majid al Futtaim Properties did not have any secured 
loans. 
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
The table below shows Majid Al Futtaim Properties' shareholders' equity as at 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020, respectively. 
 
As at 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED millions) 
Share capital ................................................................................................................ 
3,500 
3,500 
Shareholder contribution. ............................................................................................ 
2,938 
2,938 
Revaluation reserve ..................................................................................................... 
13,960 
13,792 
Retained earnings ........................................................................................................ 
9,842 
7,301 
Other reserves ............................................................................................................. 
(741) 
(576) 
Equity attributable to the owners of the company .................................................. 
29,499 
26,955 
Non-controlling interest .............................................................................................. 
383 
392 
Total equity ................................................................................................................ 
29,882 
27,347 
 
Share capital 
As at 31 December 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Properties' share capital comprised 3,500,000 shares of 
AED 1,000 each, all of which are fully paid and owned by Majid Al Futtaim Holding. 
Shareholder contribution 
In 2009, Majid Al Futtaim Properties issued subordinated capital loan instruments of AED 2,500 million 
in five loan instruments of AED 500 million each. In 2010, an additional loan instrument of AED 250 
million was issued by Majid Al Futtaim Properties. These instruments (collectively referred to as the 
"hybrid instruments") are fully subscribed to by Majid Al Futtaim Holding in accordance with the terms 
of a master capital loan agreement and a separate capital loan agreement for each loan, in each case, dated 
5 October 2009. During 2021, the agreement with Majid Al Futtaim Holding was amended resulting in a 
change in the coupon payment rate to a fixed rate of 6.375 per cent. per annum payable semi-annually in 
arrear. The hybrid instruments do not have a final maturity date. The coupon is non-cumulative in nature 
and can be deferred indefinitely at Majid Al Futtaim Properties' discretion without constituting a default. 
In case of Majid Al Futtaim Holding ceasing to hold control of Majid Al Futtaim Properties, the prevailing 
coupon rate on the hybrid instruments will be permanently increased by 5 per cent. and such coupons will 
become cumulative. Based on the terms of the hybrid instruments, these are accounted for as equity 
instruments. The hybrid instruments were subscribed to through a debt to equity swap transaction. 
In 2012, Majid Al Futtaim Properties novated all of its rights and obligations under two bank facilities 
agreement, which cumulatively amounted to U.S.$900 million of term loans, to Majid Al Futtaim Holding 
and converted external facilities to related party funding. However, Majid Al Futtaim Properties continues 
to use these facilities under an inter-company funding agreement signed with Majid Al Futtaim Holding. 
These derivative instruments, which were hedged by way of interest rate collar and interest rate swap, had 
a negative fair value of AED 188 million at the time of novation. Majid Al Futtaim Holding waived its 
contractual obligation of recovering the liability from Majid Al Futtaim Properties and accordingly this 
balance was classified within shareholder contribution. 
Revaluation reserve 
The revaluation reserve principally reflects changes in the fair value of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' land 
and buildings classified as property, plant and equipment as required by IAS 16. Any increase in value 
arising on each revaluation of such assets is credited to the revaluation reserve unless and to the extent it 
reverses a decrease in the value of the same asset previously recognised in profit and loss, in which case 
the increase in value is recognised in profit and loss instead. Any decrease in value arising on each 
revaluation of such assets is debited from the revaluation reserve to the extent that the revaluation reserve 
contains a credit balance in respect of the asset concerned. If and to the extent there is no such credit balance, 
the decrease is charged to profit and loss.

--- Page 147 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 132 - 
75-41033197 
 
Other reserves 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties and its subsidiaries maintain a statutory reserve as required by applicable law. 
Typically a percentage of profit of the relevant company is transferred to the statutory reserve each year 
until the reserve equals the limit prescribed by applicable law. In addition, Majid Al Futtaim Properties 
maintains a currency translation reserve in respect of foreign currency differences arising from the 
translation of the financial statements of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' group companies whose functional 
currency is not the dirham. 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' related party transactions are described in Note 31 to the 2021 Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties Financial Statements and principally comprise transactions with other Group companies 
and key management personnel and/or their close family members. The shareholder contributions described 
under "Majid Al Futtaim Properties Financial Review – Shareholders' Equity – Shareholder contribution", 
the guarantees given by and to Majid Al Futtaim Properties in respect of borrowings by it and other Group 
companies as referred to under "Group Financial Review – Liquidity and Borrowings" and the additional 
transactions described in Note 31 to the 2021 Majid Al Futtaim Properties Financial Statements comprise 
the principal related party transactions for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the year ended 31 
December 2020. 
OFF-BALANCE SHEET LIABILITIES 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties has significant off-balance sheet liabilities (as described in Note 33 and Note 
34 to the 2021 Group Financial Statements) in the form of capital commitments and guarantees given by it. 
The table below shows Majid Al Futtaim Properties' off-balance sheet liabilities as at 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2020, respectively. 
 
As at 31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
 
(AED millions) 
Capital commitments: 
 
 
Capital commitments of Majid Al Futtaim Properties ............................................................................................. 
2,219 
620 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' share of capital commitments in relation to its equity accounted investees ................ 
279 
343 
Total capital commitments ................................................................................................................................... 
2,498 
963 
 
 
 
Contingent liabilities: 
 
 
Corporate guarantees on various bank loans provided by Majid Al Futtaim Holding.............................................. 
3,391 
6,002 
Co-guarantee on hybrid perpetual notes issued by a subsidiary of Majid Al Futtaim Holding ................................ 
3,306 
3,306 
Co-guarantee on bonds issued under the Global Medium Term Note Programme by a subsidiary of Majid Al 
Futtaim Holding.................................................................................................................................................. 
2,938 
2,938 
Performance guarantee to government authorities .................................................................................................. 
573 
- 
Total contingent liabilities .................................................................................................................................... 
10,208 
12,246 
Total ...................................................................................................................................................................... 
12,706 
13,209

--- Page 148 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 133 - 
75-41033197 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
OVERVIEW 
The Group is one of the largest developers and operators of shopping malls and hypermarkets in the MENA 
region. Founded in Dubai in 1992 to bring the first regional shopping mall to the Middle East, the Group's 
activities have since grown to include hotel development and the provision of synergistic leisure and 
entertainment products and services. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had operations in 16 countries 
predominantly in the MENA region. 
For the financial year ended 31 December 2021, driven by annual footfall of approximately 175 million 
people through its shopping mall destinations, Majid Al Futtaim Holding had consolidated revenue of AED 
32,291 million and consolidated EBITDA of AED 3,906 million, as well as consolidated assets of AED 
60,588 million as at 31 December 2021. 
For the financial year ended 31 December 2020, driven by annual footfall of approximately 145.5 million 
people through its shopping mall destinations, Majid Al Futtaim Holding had consolidated revenue of AED 
32,575 million and consolidated EBITDA of AED 3,762 million, as well as consolidated assets of AED 
59,097 million as at 31 December 2020. 
The following chart sets out the operational structure of the Group as at 31 December 2021. As set out 
below, the Group is in the process of reorganising its legal structure to reflect this operational structure: 
 
Prior to 1 January 2021, the Group's operations were carried out by three complementary operating 
companies, Majid Al Futtaim Properties, Majid Al Futtaim Retail and Majid Al Futtaim Ventures, in each 
of which Majid Al Futtaim Holding held a 99 per cent. ownership interest. With effect from 1 January 2021, 
Majid Al Futtaim Ventures was restructured and its operations were segregated under two operational 
entities – Majid Al Futtaim LEC and Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle. Majid Al Futtaim Holding holds a 99 per 
cent. ownership interest in Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle and will be expected to hold a 99 per cent. ownership 
interest in Majid Al Futtaim LEC once it is established as a separate legal entity (in each case, with the 
remaining 1 per cent. ownership interest held by another wholly-owned Group entity). 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties develops and manages shopping malls, which is the Group's core business. As 
at 31 December 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Properties owned and operated 29 shopping malls in Bahrain, 
Egypt, Lebanon, Oman and the UAE and had an additional one development and one re-development at 
various stages of planning, design or construction. The new projects, including new malls in Oman, Saudi 
Arabia and a redevelopment of Mall of the Emirates the UAE, represent an additional GLA of 321,000 
square metres. Majid Al Futtaim Properties also develops hotels adjacent to or in close proximity to 
shopping mall destinations and, on a selective basis, undertakes mixed-use developments, in each case 
where this adds value to its core mall development business. As at 31 December 2021, Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties owned 13 hotels, of which 11 were located in the UAE and two were located in Bahrain. Majid 
Al Futtaim Properties operates through its six business units: SMBU, SMDBU, the Hotels Business Unit,

--- Page 149 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 134 - 
75-41033197 
 
the Communities Business Unit, the Project Management Center of Excellence unit and the Corporate unit. 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Properties' revenue increased by 26.3 per cent. to 
AED 4,406 million compared to AED 3,489 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 whereas its 
EBITDA increased by 11.1 per cent. to AED 2,603 million compared to AED 2,342 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2020. 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail first introduced the hypermarket model to the Middle East in 1995 through Majid 
Al Futtaim Hypermarkets, originally established as a joint venture company with Carrefour in which Majid 
Al Futtaim Retail had a 75 per cent. interest. Since June 2013, Majid Al Futtaim Hypermarkets has been a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, managed by Majid Al Futtaim Retail in which Majid Al Futtaim 
Retail has a 99.9 per cent. interest and Majid Al Futtaim Holding has a 0.1 per cent. interest. For further 
detail on the history of Majid Al Futtaim Hypermarkets, please see "Description of the Group – Majid Al 
Futtaim Retail". Carrefour stores are a key anchor tenant in each of the Group's shopping malls and the 
Group has also opened Carrefour stores outside its shopping malls. Majid Al Futtaim Retail has expanded 
the Carrefour concept across the UAE and into Armenia, Bahrain, Egypt, Georgia, Iraq, Jordan, Kenya, 
Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Pakistan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Uganda and Uzbekistan. As at 31 December 2021, 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail operated 135 Carrefour hypermarkets and 288 Carrefour supermarkets as well as 
an online store (principally selling light and heavy household goods and grocery for delivery within 
Armenia, Bahrain, Egypt, Georgia, Iraq, Jordan, Kenya, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Pakistan, Qatar, Saudi 
Arabia, the UAE and Uganda). For the year ended 31 December 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Retail's revenue 
decreased by 6.0 per cent. to AED 26,304 million compared to AED 27,979 million for the year ended 31 
December 2020 whereas its EBITDA decreased by 11.3 per cent. to AED 1,447 million compared to AED 
1,631 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Prior to 1 January 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Ventures operated the Group's leisure and entertainment services, 
including a unique leisure offering in three of its super-regional shopping malls (for example Ski Dubai and 
Ski Egypt which are located in Mall of the Emirates (the Group's flagship mall) and Mall of Egypt). With 
effect from 1 January 2021, following the segmental restructuring of Majid Al Futtaim Ventures, the 
Group's leisure and entertainment operations were moved to Majid Al Futtaim LEC. Prior to 1 January 
2021, Majid Al Futtaim Ventures also operated a fashion retail business operating as a licensee of a number 
of international brands via the now dissolved Majid Al Futtaim Fashion LLC, offered Najm Visa credit 
cards via its Majid Al Futtaim Finance consumer finance business and had a small portfolio of other 
investments in the mobile payments and facilities management sectors. With effect from 1 January 2021, 
following the segmental restructuring of Majid Al Futtaim Ventures, the Group's fashion retail business 
and its portfolio of other investments were moved to Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle.

--- Page 150 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 135 - 
75-41033197 
 
The following map sets out details of the Group's principal operations in each of the countries in which it 
operated as at 31 December 2021: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In addition to the above, the Group had one Carrefour store in each of Uganda and Uzbekistan as at 31 
December 2021. In geographical terms, during the year ended 31 December 2021, 48.9 per cent. of the 
Group's revenue was derived from the UAE, 9.6 per cent. was derived from Saudi Arabia, 11.1 per cent. 
was derived from Egypt, 7.0 per cent. was derived from Qatar and the remaining 23.4 per cent. was derived 
from other countries predominantly in the MENA region. 
HISTORY 
Founded in 1992 in Dubai, the Group operated solely in Dubai until 1999. During that period, the joint 
venture with Carrefour was established, and the Group operated shopping malls, hypermarkets, hotels and 
cinemas. Between 1999 and 2001, the Group expanded across the UAE and into Oman. Between 2001 and 
2003, the Group expanded into Egypt. Between 2003 and 2005, the Group expanded into Saudi Arabia. 
Between 2005 and 2008, the Group expanded into Kuwait, Bahrain, Jordan and Qatar and invested in a 
mixed-use development in Oman. Between 2008 and 2010, the Group expanded into Pakistan. Since then, 
the Group's geographic expansion has principally been driven by its retail business, with five Carrefour 
Lebanon 
Outlet 
Number 
Malls 
1 
Carrefour stores 
6 
Magic planet 
2 
Cinemas 
1 
Kuwait 
Outlet 
Number 
Carrefour stores 
8 
Cinemas 
1 
Magic planet 
1 
Egypt 
Outlet 
Number 
Malls 
 4 
Cinemas 
 4 
Carrefour stores 
57 
Magic planet 
 5 
Ski 
 1 
Saudi Arabia 
Outlet 
Number 
Carrefour stores 
20 
Cinemas 
11 
Magic planet 
 5 
Qatar 
Outlet 
Number 
Carrefour stores 
10 
Cinemas 
 1 
Jordan 
Outlet 
Number 
Carrefour stores 
49 
Magic planet 
  1 
Georgia 
Outlet 
Number 
Carrefour stores 
39 
Armenia 
Outlet 
Number 
Carrefour stores 
4 
Iraq 
Outlet 
Number 
Carrefour stores 
6 
Bahrain 
Outlet 
Number 
Cinemas 
  2 
Carrefour stores 
13 
Malls 
  1 
Hotels 
  2 
Magic planet 
  3 
Wahoo 
  1 
Pakistan 
Outlet 
Number 
Carrefour stores 
9 
UAE 
Outlet 
Number 
Malls 
  17 
Carrefour stores 
108 
Hotels 
  11 
Cinemas 
  21 
Magic planet 
  14 
Ski Dubai 
    1 
iFlv 
    1 
Dream Escape 
    1 
Little Explorer 
    1 
Oman 
Outlet 
Number 
Malls 
  4 
Carrefour stores 
15 
Magic planet 
  5 
Cinemas 
13 
Kenya 
Outlet 
Number 
Carrefour stores 
9 
Magic planet 
1

--- Page 151 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 136 - 
75-41033197 
 
hypermarkets operating by the end of 2000, 18 by the end of 2005, 48 by the end of 2012, 108 by the end 
of 2018 and 135 by the end of 2021. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the franchise agreement between Majid Al Futtaim Hypermarkets 
and Carrefour covers over 30 countries in the Middle East, Africa and Asia regions. 
STRENGTHS 
Management believes that the Group's credit strength is bolstered by the following factors: 
• 
low volatility in operating income: reflecting the fact that a significant majority of its revenue is 
derived from food retailing (which is relatively unaffected by economic cycles) and, to a lesser 
extent, from rental income from tenants in its shopping malls (which is also generally a stable 
source of income), the Group experiences low levels of volatility in its operating income (revenue 
minus cost of sales). The Group's operating income in each of 2021 and 2020 was AED 10,279 
million and AED 9,716 million, respectively (for a description of this APM (including 
reconciliation to the Group Financial Statements), please see "Presentation of Financial 
Information – Use of Alternative Performance Measures"); 
• 
leadership in markets where the Group competes: the Group's principal market is the UAE and 
Dubai in particular (which is generally considered as a mature global leading retail and brand 
destination). The Group believes that it has a leading position as a shopping mall developer in 
Dubai as it owns three of the leading shopping malls currently operating in Dubai. The Group also 
believes that it has a leading position as a shopping mall developer in the MENA region as no 
other company operating in the region has a geographic spread of shopping malls to match the 
Group's and that its experience of operating in a wide range of markets within the MENA region 
will help the Group as it seeks to expand into new markets; 
• 
steady cash flows and balanced financial profile: the Group benefits both from a sound asset 
base in Majid Al Futtaim Properties, which accounted for 72.0 per cent. and 68.2 per cent. of the 
Group's assets (prior to eliminations and adjustments) as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2020, respectively, and also from a stable source of operating cash flow from: (a) the retailing 
business carried on by Majid Al Futtaim Retail, which accounted for 81.5 per cent. and 85.9 per 
cent. of the Group's revenue in the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, 
respectively; and (b) its shopping malls and certain other properties. The Group believes that this 
combination of sound asset base and stable cash flow is a significant differentiator from other 
property development companies in the region; 
• 
complementary businesses: the Group has a focused strategy aimed to ensure that it delivers 
outstanding shopping destinations, in significant part, through creating and exploiting a range of 
synergies in its businesses. For example, having Carrefour as an anchor tenant helps to drive 
significant footfall in the Group's shopping malls which makes the malls more attractive to 
prospective tenants. In addition, the Group's hotels and leisure businesses help to differentiate its 
shopping malls and provide additional attractions to shoppers, particularly tourist shoppers in 
Dubai and Bahrain. Management of Majid Al Futtaim Holding believes that these synergies were 
a major factor in insulating the Group against the worst effects of the financial impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic during 2020 and, to a lesser degree, 2021; 
• 
strong corporate governance: management of Majid Al Futtaim Holding believes that the Group 
has robust corporate governance procedures in place. In particular, the Group has voluntarily 
adopted the principles of the Combined Code on Corporate Governance for listed companies in 
the United Kingdom across all areas of its business and has established principles of corporate 
governance and defined their application across each of the Group's operating companies. In 
addition, the Group has established strong operating company board structures reporting to the 
Board of Majid Al Futtaim Holding, has segregated shareholdings in and management of the 
Group's operating companies and ensures that all applicable laws and regulations in the countries 
in which it operates are complied with. Although the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and 
Chairman of Majid Al Futtaim Holding were in regular contact with Mr. Majid Al Futtaim before 
his death, the Majid Al Futtaim family does not actively participate in the day-to-day operations 
of the Group, nor are they expected to actively participate in the day-to-day operations and 
management of the Group in the future;

--- Page 152 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 137 - 
75-41033197 
 
• 
presence in locations with strong business potential: when considering a new shopping mall or 
standalone Carrefour store project, the Group conducts extensive due diligence and market 
research in order to identify the best sites. In particular, factors such as current and anticipated 
population, catchment areas, accessibility to the proposed shopping mall or store, potential rate of 
urbanisation and known or planned competing facilities are all considered and, in the case of 
additional shopping malls or stores in a single city, enhanced market research is conducted into 
relevant catchment areas to ensure that competition between the Group's facilities is minimised. 
The Group believes that it has been able to secure prime locations for many of its assets. In addition, 
particularly in Dubai (where it has seven shopping malls) and Bahrain, the Group is not solely 
reliant on the local population and benefits from significant tourist footfall in its shopping malls. 
In all of the countries in which the Group operates, it also benefits from factors such as the 
generally high temperatures which encourage indoor shopping and the fact that shopping malls are 
perceived as family-friendly places to socialise and engage in wider activities other than just 
shopping; 
• 
low leverage: the Group's net debt to EBITDA ratios in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019 were 3.0, 
3.3 and 2.7, respectively (for a description of this APM (including reconciliation to the Group 
Financial Statements), please see "Presentation of Financial Information – Use of Alternative 
Performance Measures"); 
• 
operating in markets with long-term macroeconomic potential: the Group's principal market 
is the UAE but other markets which are significant to the Group are Bahrain, Egypt, Oman, Qatar 
and Saudi Arabia. Historically, each of these markets has experienced significant increases in 
nominal GDP, population growth and growth in private consumption, enabling strong retail sales 
performance within Majid Al Futtaim Retail; and 
• 
prudent financial management and track record: the Group believes that it has implemented 
strong risk management policies, particularly as regards managing its liquidity and credit risks (see 
"Group Financial Review – Financial Risk Management"). In addition, the Group follows a 
conservative investment capital expenditure policy, typically entering new markets with lower cost 
hypermarket developments before committing to capital intensive shopping mall developments, 
adhering to a defined and rigorous process for making investment decisions, seeking to pre-fund 
its capital expenditure, entering into joint ventures where appropriate and by retaining the 
flexibility to scale back its developments in adverse market conditions. 
STRATEGY 
The Group's long-term strategy is to become a regionally-focused lifestyle conglomerate with a stellar 
reputation. The Group intends to focus on core sectors and markets where it has existing market leadership 
or where it sees an opportunity to establish itself as a leader in an under-developed market and to continue 
to create and exploit the synergies between its different businesses. In particular, the Group intends to: 
• 
enhance and grow its shopping destination business: the Group intends to continue to undertake 
shopping mall developments on a regional basis both within and outside the UAE in markets which 
it believes are currently under-developed and offer a combination of increasing consumer spending 
power, increasing openness to international markets and low levels of international competitiveness. 
The Group intends, over time, to continue to diversify away from Dubai, where its revenues are 
currently concentrated. This strategy is in line with general regional trends. In addition, as a result 
of the general economic environment, assets are in the process of being repriced across the MENA 
region giving rise to many opportunities; 
• 
control and grow its retail businesses: the Group expects to continue to develop its Carrefour 
hypermarket and supermarket business, both as anchor tenants for its new shopping mall 
developments and also on a standalone basis. In particular, the Group expects to continue to expand 
its portfolio of Carrefour supermarkets to meet customer preferences for more convenient food retail 
outlets and to exploit other synergies within its business (see "Description of the Group – Majid Al 
Futtaim Retail – Development pipeline"); 
• 
strengthen its core capabilities to compete in the future: the Group intends to strengthen certain 
aspects of its individual businesses to further support its retail-focused corporate strategy. One of 
the Group's core capabilities is its ability to identify retail potential in specific catchment areas

--- Page 153 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 138 - 
75-41033197 
 
within a city, which is critical to the decision regarding location of a new shopping mall, Carrefour 
store or other relevant asset. To this end, the Group continues to invest in proprietary research 
methods based on primary ground research and its accumulated experience gained in relation to 
the Carrefour stores and shopping malls which are already operational. The Group is well-
positioned to respond in an agile manner to shifting consumer behaviour. For instance, in 2020, 
the Group launched a number of new e-commerce channels which offer a virtual shopping 
experience to customers, with direct delivery to customers' homes. The Group also continues to 
invest further in the training of its employees (training is currently offered through the Majid Al 
Futtaim Leadership Institute), to ensure that its responsible leadership model and values pervade 
throughout the organisation; and 
• 
sustainable economic development: the Group's sustainability strategy, "Dare Today, Change 
Tomorrow", brings together all of the Group's businesses under one overarching sustainability vision. 
The Group aims to provide for a positive future and is committed to an ambitious set of sustainability 
targets across three focus areas of "Transforming Lives", "Rethinking Resources" and "Empowering 
Our People". To support this strategy, the Group has implemented a suite of policies and procedures 
in line with global best practice. These policies and procedures are reviewed and updated on an 
annual basis and support the translation of the Group's sustainability strategy into achievable and 
measurable actions. These measures, and the Group's progress in meeting its targets, places it track 
to meet its 2022 Sustainable Business Commitments and meaningfully contribute towards 10 of the 
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. In 2021, the Group joined more than 60 leading 
global organisations in agreeing to report on stakeholder capitalism metrics. These environmental, 
social and governance metrics and disclosures (released by the World Economic Forum and its 
International Business Council in September 2020) measure the long-term enterprise value creation 
for all stakeholders. In becoming a signatory, the Group joined a community of companies dedicated 
to supporting the effort to provide concise, consistent and comparable metrics and disclosures for 
the shared value creation of all stakeholders. 
GREEN FINANCE FRAMEWORK 
From time to time and pursuant to the Programme, the Issuer intends to issue securities ("green notes") 
whose net proceeds would be used to fund or refinance, in whole or in part, a portfolio of eligible projects 
("Eligible Projects") within eligible categories ("Eligible Categories") as set out in the Group's green 
finance framework (the "Green Finance Framework"). On an annual basis, the Group will publish an 
allocation report and an impact report in respect of its green Eligible Projects portfolio. For the avoidance 
of doubt, finance provided to any business or project that is not eligible under the criteria set out in the 
Green Finance Framework will not be considered as the use of proceeds of a green note issued under this 
framework. 
The Group has broadly defined the Eligible Categories in accordance with the "Green Bond Principles" 
promulgated by the International Capital Market Association. Eligible Categories include: 
• 
renewable energy; 
• 
energy efficiency; 
• 
sustainable water management; and 
• 
green buildings. 
Up to 100 per cent. of the proceeds of any green notes issue may be applied to refinance existing Eligible 
Projects within the Eligible Categories listed above. Where any portion of the proceeds of a green notes 
issue has not been applied to finance Eligible Projects within Eligible Categories, proceeds may be deployed 
according to the Group's funding requirements. The proceeds of any green notes issue may be applied 
globally without geographical restriction. 
The Group has published the Green Finance Framework on its website. Further, the Group has appointed 
Sustainalytics to provide an external review of the Group's Green Finance Framework (the "Second Party 
Opinion"). The Green Finance Framework and the Second Party Opinion have each been published, and 
the Report will be published (on an annual basis), on the Group's website at the following address:

--- Page 154 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 139 - 
75-41033197 
 
https://majidalfuttaim.com/en/investor-relations/bond-and-credit-rating. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the information contained on the websites referred to in this paragraph is not 
incorporated by reference into, or otherwise included in, this Base Prospectus. 
MAJID AL FUTTAIM PROPERTIES 
Overview 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' vision is to be recognised as the market leader in the development, ownership 
and management of shopping malls in the MENA region. Majid Al Futtaim Properties' goal is to create 
long-term sustainable wealth for the Group through: 
• 
the entrepreneurial development and management of a diversified portfolio of shopping centres; 
and 
• 
the development of hotels and, on a selective basis, mixed-use projects where they add synergistic 
value to its shopping centres. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties operates through the following independent business units: 
• 
Shopping malls: with effect from 1 January 2020, the shopping malls business is managed by the 
SMBU (which is responsible for the management of shopping malls operations) and the SMDBU 
(which is responsible for the delivery of future malls and retail development). As at 31 December 
2021, the SMBU owned and operated 29 shopping malls with a GLA of approximately 1,784,569.14 
square metres, including 5 neighbourhood community malls held in joint ventures. In 2021, the 
SMDBU completed two super regional shopping malls (Mall of Oman with a GLA of approximately 
137,127 square metres and City Centre Al Zahia, with a GLA of approximately 135,678 square 
meters) and the Mall of the Emirates re-development/initiative project. Combined, the portfolio of 
malls attracted 180.9 million visitors in 2021. As at 31 December 2021, the SMDBU had one 
additional development and three re-development or expansion projects at various stages of planning, 
design or construction. Along with new developments and expansions, Majid Al Futtaim Properties 
also undertakes enhancement and upgrades of existing assets on a continuous basis. The new 
projects, including a new mall in Saudi Arabia, represent an additional 300,000 square metres of 
GLA. With revenues of AED 3,392 million and EBITDA of AED 2,495 million for the year ended 
31 December 2021 and assets of AED 37,024 million as at 31 December 2021, the SMBU and the 
SMDBU together represented 77.0 per cent., 95.9 per cent. and 79.8 per cent., respectively, of Majid 
Al Futtaim Properties' revenue, EBITDA and assets as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021. By comparison, the SMBU's and the SMDBU's combined revenue and EBITDA 
were AED 3,197 million and AED 2,363 million, respectively, in the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 and their assets as at 31 December 2020 were AED 34,991 million, representing 
91.6 per cent., 100.9 per cent. and 83.0 per cent., respectively, of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' 
revenue, EBITDA and assets as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020; 
• 
Hotels: the Hotels Business Unit primarily focuses on developing hotels adjacent to, or in close 
proximity to, Majid Al Futtaim Properties' shopping malls. The Hotels Business Unit currently owns 
13 hotels, 11 of which are in the UAE and 2 are in Bahrain. The operating hotels offered a total of 
3,672 keys as at 31 December 2021. With revenues of AED 453 million (and revenues including 
leases of AED 1.6 million, after intercompany revenue elimination) and EBITDA of AED 122 
million (and EBITDA including support costs of AED 15.5 million) for the year ended 31 December 
2021 and assets of AED 3,493 million as at 31 December 2021, the Hotels Business Unit represented 
10.3 per cent., 4.7 per cent. and 7.5 per cent., respectively, of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' revenue, 
EBITDA and assets as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. By comparison, the 
Hotels Business Unit's revenue and EBITDA were AED 236 million (and revenues including leases 
of AED 3 million, after intercompany revenue elimination) and AED 22 million (and EBITDA 
including support costs of AED 12.2 million), respectively, in the financial year ended 31 December 
2020 and its assets as at 31 December 2020 were AED 3,455 million, representing 6.8 per cent., 0.9 
per cent. and 8.2 per cent., respectively, of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' revenue, EBITDA and assets 
as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020;

--- Page 155 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 140 - 
75-41033197 
 
• 
Communities: the Communities Business Unit focuses on selective community developments 
principally covering land, residential and office developments. It also provides access to Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties' core shopping mall business. Currently, this is achieved primarily through 
limited- or non-recourse joint ventures accounted for under the equity method. The Communities 
Business Unit is also responsible for managing three office buildings in Dubai. With revenues of 
AED 531 million and EBITDA of AED 75 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 and assets 
of AED 4,733 million as at 31 December 2021, the Communities Business Unit represented 12.1 
per cent., 2.9 per cent. and 10.2 per cent., respectively, of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' revenue, 
EBITDA and assets as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. By comparison, the 
Communities Business Unit's revenue was AED 36 million and EBITDA of AED 26 million in the 
financial year ended 31 December 2020 and its assets as at 31 December 2020 were AED 2,501 
million, representing 1.0 per cent., 1.1 per cent. and 5.9 per cent., respectively, of Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties' revenue, EBITDA and assets as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
• 
Project Management Center of Excellence: this business unit provides advisory, development and 
management services to the SMBU, Hotels Business Unit, the Communities Business Unit and other 
related parties; and 
• 
Corporate: this business unit provides corporate support services to the business units of the Group. 
The following map sets out details of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' operating properties, properties under 
construction, properties under master planning and design and land bank in each of the countries in which 
it was present as at 31 December 2021: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lebanon 
Type of Property 
Number 
GLA(m2) 
Shopping malls 
1 
59,823 
 
Egypt 
Type of Property 
Number 
GLA(m2) 
Shopping malls 
4 
349,363 
 
Saudi Arabia 
Type of Property 
Number 
GLA(m2) 
Shopping malls 
1* 
300,000 
 
Oman 
Type of Property 
Number 
GLA(m2) 
Shopping malls 
5 
280,797 
 
UAE 
Type of Property 
Number 
GLA(m2) 
Keys 
Shopping malls 
18 
942,016 
- 
Hotels 
11 
- 
3,212 
Bahrain 
Type of Property 
Number 
GLA(m2) 
Keys 
Shopping malls 
1 
152,571 
- 
Hotels 
2 
- 
460

--- Page 156 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 141 - 
75-41033197 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 _______________________  
* 
Denotes properties being master planned or under construction. 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, two vacant plots in Sohar, Oman are held by the estate of the late 
majority shareholder of the Group, for the beneficial interest of the Group (see "Risks Factors – Risks 
Relating to the Group – The interests of the Successor Shareholders may, in certain circumstances, be 
different from the interests of the Noteholders"). Other than these plots and certain plots held by Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties under a long-term lease and usufruct agreement (comprising plots for City Centre 
Shindagha, My City Centre Sur and Mall of Oman), Majid Al Futtaim Properties has full ownership and 
title to its assets. 
As at 31 December 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Properties owned land of approximately 0.9 million square 
metres on which it had development plans in place with a carrying value of AED 1,436 million (including 
work-in-progress). As at the same date, Majid Al Futtaim Properties also owned land, with no immediate 
construction plan or planned sales to third parties, of approximately 1.6 million square metres with a 
carrying value of AED 1,735 million (which is designated as investment property) and of approximately 
17,617 square metres of land with a carrying value of AED 14.5 million (which is designated as property, 
plant and equipment). Furthermore, in accordance with Group policy, land exceeding a valuation threshold 
of AED 50 million is valued on an annual basis by an external firm of chartered surveyors and valuers. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties had revenue of AED 4,406 million and EBITDA of AED 2,603 million in the 
financial year ended 31 December 2021 as well as assets (prior to eliminations and adjustments) of AED 
46,401 million as at 31 December 2021, representing 13.5 per cent., 66.6 per cent. and 72 per cent., 
respectively, of the Group's revenue, EBITDA and assets (prior to eliminations and adjustments) as at and 
for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties had revenue of AED 3,489 million and EBITDA of AED 2,342 million in the 
financial year ended 31 December 2020 as well as assets (prior to eliminations and adjustments) of AED 
42,174 million as at 31 December 2020, representing 10.6 per cent., 62.3 per cent. and 68.2 per cent., 
respectively, of the Group's revenue, EBITDA and assets (prior to eliminations and adjustments) as at and 
for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Strategy 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' strategy is primarily focused on the development and operation of its shopping 
malls within the MENA region. This is done as its core business through developing different product types: 
(a) super-regional shopping malls (malls with over 100,000 square metres of GLA); (b) regional shopping 
malls (malls with between 60,000 and 100,000 square metres of GLA); (c) community malls (malls with 
between 20,000 and 60,000 square metres of GLA); and (d) neighbourhood community malls (malls with 
less than 20,000 square metres of GLA). 
In furtherance of this strategy, Majid Al Futtaim Properties expects to continue to build a network of malls 
covering differing catchment areas in selected cities in which it believes it can achieve a dominant position

--- Page 157 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 142 - 
75-41033197 
 
and/or capture unique market opportunities and aims to continue to develop hotels and undertake mixed-
use projects preferably where there are clear synergistic benefits to the Group's core shopping mall business. 
In relation to its hotel developments, Majid Al Futtaim Properties' strategy is to outsource the day-to-day 
operational management of the hotels to specialist hotel management companies, such as Accor, Hilton, 
Kempinski and Marriott. Majid Al Futtaim Properties' strategy is to expand in the core markets of UAE 
and Oman, as well as to strategize its entry into key-growth markets within the MENA region. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties intends to prioritise its future capital expenditures on existing and new markets, 
utilising existing land owned by it, new land acquisition where practicable and through joint ventures where 
it can secure development and asset management agreements. It also expects to realise value through the 
sale of non-strategic properties within its land bank and to provide development, management, and other 
shopping centre related services to third parties where this generates knowledge or other benefits to its 
existing shopping malls and provided it can ensure that reputational and conflict risks are properly 
controlled. Wherever possible, Majid Al Futtaim Properties intends to add value to its non-strategic land, 
for example through planning approvals, prior to its sale. 
Competitive advantages 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties believes that its competitive advantages include: 
• 
established track record and reputation: Majid Al Futtaim Properties' first mall, City Centre 
Deira, was opened in November 1995. As at 31 December 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Properties 
owned and operated 29 shopping malls in Bahrain, Egypt, Lebanon, Oman and the UAE (including 
5 neighbourhood community malls held in joint ventures), including its flagship mall, the Mall of 
the Emirates in Dubai, which was opened in 2005 and had an annual footfall of approximately 
180.9 million in 2021. As at 31 December 2021, the average occupancy rates of Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties' shopping mall portfolio was around 90 per cent. Majid Al Futtaim Properties believes 
that this track record, along with its established reputation, give it a significant competitive 
advantage in attracting consumers and customers (tenants) both to its existing and future shopping 
malls; 
• 
locations: in the countries and markets in which it operates, Majid Al Futtaim Properties' 
operations are located in prime locations with established and growing catchment areas. Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties focuses internal resources on constantly developing and improving the 
relevance of its shopping malls within its target markets; 
• 
in-house expertise: Majid Al Futtaim Properties benefits from having integrated development, 
project management, asset management and mall management teams. Majid Al Futtaim Properties 
outsources on-site project management and construction activities to reputable firms and 
construction contractors with which it has established relationships; 
• 
alliances and partnerships: through its alliance with Majid Al Futtaim Retail (i.e. the Carrefour 
franchisee) and its established relationships with a number of regional retail franchise groups, 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties is able to secure a strong tenant base for each of its shopping malls 
(see "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to Majid Al Futtaim Properties – Majid Al Futtaim Properties' 
rental revenues depend upon its ability to find tenants for its shopping malls and offices and the 
ability of such tenants to fulfil their lease obligations as well as on Majid Al Futtaim Properties 
achieving an optimal tenant mix for its shopping malls. In addition, Majid Al Futtaim Properties 
is exposed to tenant concentration"); and 
• 
unique leisure offers: through its collaboration with Majid Al Futtaim LEC, Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties' super-regional shopping malls are each able to provide a unique leisure offering to their 
customers. These offerings comprise Dreamscape, iFly, Little Explorers, Ski Dubai and Ski Egypt. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' regional and community shopping malls benefit from other leisure 
and entertainment facilities such as cinemas and 'Family Entertainment Centres' ("FECs"), in each 
case where appropriate to the shopping mall concerned. 
Project development model 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties has three asset creation functions, namely business development, project 
development and project management, which are responsible for conceptualising, sourcing, developing and

--- Page 158 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 143 - 
75-41033197 
 
delivering projects for each of the six business units (the SMBU, the SMDBU, the Hotels Business Unit, 
the Communities Business Unit, the Project Management Center of Excellent unit and the Corporate unit). 
The business development function pursues project opportunities and assesses their feasibility prior to 
acquisition. The project development function is responsible for producing business plans, detailed master 
plans and concept designs for each project. The project management function manages project construction 
with the goal of delivering projects on time, in scope and within budget. 
All development projects undertaken by Majid Al Futtaim Properties follow a rigorous standard operating 
process designed to ensure consistent oversight and that all development projects are executed in line with 
overall Group strategy, represent economically sound investments which add shareholder value and are 
able to be funded. Majid Al Futtaim Properties' project development model is a nine-stage process which 
is followed for all asset classes. The expertise of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' business development and 
project development functions is utilised at each step of the process. The nine-stage process is set out in 
more detail below. 
Stage 1: Sourcing, due diligence and land acquisition 
The first of the nine stages principally involves potential site identification and the preparation and approval 
of a due diligence scope and budget for each potential development site. Target markets and geographies 
are identified within Majid Al Futtaim Properties' strategic priorities which are approved by senior 
management in line with Majid Al Futtaim Properties' strategic plan. 
Stage 2: Land purchase and outline master plan 
During this stage, a high-level feasibility study is undertaken. This seeks to identify the potential options 
for the project and key success criteria. Additional due diligence is undertaken, including background 
market research by internal and external research providers (including current and projected population and 
household numbers in the catchment area, any current and potential future competitors, potential tenant 
interest and any environmental or other material factors affecting the site concerned), traffic assessment 
(including ease of accessibility) and financial criteria such as indicative land, construction and other 
development costs, as well as possible financing strategies. This research is updated at each later stage of 
the project. Exit options are also identified for any non-strategic assets and approval by both senior 
management and the Board of Majid Al Futtaim Properties is required before the identified land is 
purchased and the next stage can commence. Majid Al Futtaim Properties prefers to acquire 100 per cent. 
ownership of its properties and to develop its assets itself, but will enter into joint ventures where 
appropriate, for example as a result of legal restrictions on foreign ownership in some of the countries in 
which it operates. Key considerations for entering into a joint venture agreement include property location, 
identity of the joint venture partner and clarity of land ownership as well as control over development and 
operations. Although it has not done so to date, Majid Al Futtaim Properties will also consider acquiring 
existing companies or properties where economically attractive to do so. When constructing a new shopping 
mall, Majid Al Futtaim Properties seeks to purchase sufficient land to allow for future expansion projects 
and may also seek to plan the development in stages (see "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties – The success of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' business strategy and profitability depends upon 
its ability to locate and acquire or lease land suitable for development at attractive prices"). 
Stage 3: Master plan approval and development budget 
During this stage, the proposed structure of the project is identified and the high-level feasibility study is 
developed into an indicative business and financial plan and more detailed success criteria (such as cash 
yield, internal rates of return, payback and net present value) are developed and analysed together with 
benchmarking and sensitivities, with a view to establishing a clear understanding of the financial, 
resourcing and risk implications of the proposed project. A financing strategy is also formulated at this 
stage. In the case of a new shopping mall project, the proposed merchandising mix is identified and for all 
new projects any necessary statutory approvals are applied for and obtained. Approval by the project control 
group is required for the key elements of this stage. The project control group is comprised of: 
• 
the CEO and Head of Finance of each business unit; 
• 
the head of development and project management divisions; 
• 
the project's specific developments directors, project manager and asset manager;

--- Page 159 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 144 - 
75-41033197 
 
• 
the country head and country representative; and 
• 
the representatives of specialist functions (such as leasing, marketing and finance) (the "Project 
Control Group"). 
Stage 4: Concept design 
During this stage, a detailed business plan is prepared. Financial assumptions (including revenues, costs, 
financing, taxation and discount rates as well as revenue assumptions) are clearly identified and updated at 
each later stage of the project. Based on the approved financing strategy (approved in the previous stage), 
funding proposals are sought from third parties, a preliminary leasing (or mixed-use sales) plan is prepared 
and a project development brief containing all relevant data in relation to the proposed project is presented 
to the Project Control Group for approval. 
Stage 5: Schematic design 
During this stage, a scheme design and planning report is prepared with a view to achieving a high level of 
confidence that the proposed project can meet or exceed its objectives. The purpose of the scheme design 
and planning report is to allow a commitment to be made on detailed design and procurement, and to secure 
lease commitments from anchor tenants in the case of shopping malls. The detailed business plan is revised 
in the light of any new information and the financing strategy and preliminary leasing or sales plans are 
also finalised and approved. In the case of a new shopping mall project, commitments from anchor tenants 
are sought at this stage and in the case of a new hotel project, management agreements (both for technical 
services and hotel management) are entered into at this stage, whilst in the case of residential and office 
projects, off-plan sales reservations are commenced. Qualified contractors are identified and pre-
qualification activity is undertaken. Approval by the Project Control Group is required for the key elements 
of this stage. 
Stage 6: Detailed design 
During this stage, a detailed design, procurement and construction report is prepared and any required 
funding is negotiated and secured in accordance with the approved financing strategy and further pre-
leasing and off-plan sales reservations are undertaken. Typically projects are funded with a combination of 
debt and equity financing. Additionally the project development team seeks to ensure flexibility in the 
construction costs and commitments to minimise potential exit costs in the event of a significant adverse 
change in the feasibility of a project. Detailed designs are finalised, tenders are undertaken and any required 
building permits are obtained at this stage. The business plan is finalised and investment indicators are 
further revised in the light of any new information. Approval by the Project Control Group is required for 
the key elements of this stage. 
Stage 7: Main construction contract award 
During this stage, the business plan is finalised. A tender report is prepared summarising the outcome of 
the tender process and recommending proposed contractors. The main construction contractor is appointed 
and enabling works and any necessary site preparation commence, although, in the case of a new shopping 
mall project, historically this has taken place once tenants have been secured for about 50 per cent. of the 
GLA (or in the case of residential or office developments, a 50 per cent. off-plan sales reservation target is 
achieved). Approval by the Project Control Group is required for the key elements of this stage. 
Stage 8: Construction 
During this stage, construction is undertaken in accordance with the detailed designs prepared. The costs, 
time and associated construction risks are closely monitored throughout this stage with a view to achieving 
handover on time, within scope and budget. During this stage, in the case of a new shopping mall project 
the leasing process continues and space is allocated within the shopping mall to committed tenants. In the 
case of residential and office developments, further sales reservations are undertaken and staged payments 
are collected from clients under contracted agreements. Approval by the Project Control Group is required 
for the key elements of this stage and any adverse construction or project results such as cost overruns are 
referred to the Board of Majid Al Futtaim Properties.

--- Page 160 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 145 - 
75-41033197 
 
Stage 9: Project completion 
During this stage, post-completion evaluations are conducted for each project at the first and third year 
following delivery. 
The development of a new project, from concept to completion, typically averages between four and seven 
years depending on asset class. In the case of shopping malls, the first three stages set out above typically 
take between one to two years and account for around 15 to 20 per cent. of the total project investment. 
Each of the fourth and fifth stages and the sixth and seventh stages described above typically takes between 
six months and one year to complete and accounts for around 5 per cent. of the total project investment. 
The final two stages typically take between two and three years to complete and account for approximately 
70 to 75 per cent. of the total project investment. 
Shopping Malls Business Units (SMBU and SMDBU) 
As at 31 December 2021, the SMBU owned and operated 29 shopping malls with a GLA of approximately 
1,784,569 square metres, including 5 neighbourhood community malls held in joint ventures Combined, 
the portfolio of malls attracted 145.5 million visitors in 2020 and 180.9 million visitors in 2021. As at and 
for the year ended 31 December 2021, SMBU and SMDBU together generated revenues of AED 3,392 
million and EBITDA of AED 2,495 million and its assets were AED 37,024 million. 
In 2020, the SMDBU completed one community mall (Matajer Al Musalla (5,459 square metres)) and two 
re-development projects (City Centre Deira (2,400 square metres food hall and 28,000 square metres related 
to re-merchandising works) and City Centre Alexandria (14,330 square metres)). In 2021, the SMDBU 
completed two super-regional shopping malls (Mall of Oman with a GLA of approximately 137,127 square 
metres and City Centre Al Zahia, with a GLA of approximately 135,678 square metres) and Mall of the 
Emirates re-development/initiative project. As at 31 December 2021, the SMDBU had one additional 
development and three re-development or expansion projects at various stages of planning, design or 
construction. Along with new developments and expansions, Majid Al Futtaim Properties also undertakes 
enhancement and upgrades of existing assets on a continuous basis. 
Shopping malls are classified in terms of their size and type. Each shopping mall is designed to have large 
anchor stores and various leisure amenities, including entertainment facilities and food and beverage 
facilities (such as food courts, fast food and speciality restaurants). Where feasible, Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties seeks to maximise the synergies across Group businesses in new shopping mall developments 
(for example, Carrefour hypermarkets operated by Majid Al Futtaim Retail as the food retail anchor store, 
entertainment facilities such as cinemas or Magic Planet centres operated by Majid Al Futtaim LEC, and 
facilities management services operated by Enova Facilities Management Services LLC. 
The SMDBU seeks to maintain a balanced portfolio of shopping malls, ensuring that it has the right mix of 
super-regional, regional, community and neighbourhood malls and that the format it chooses to develop in 
a particular location will be attractive to its potential customer and consumer base. The SMDBU 
strategically locates its shopping mall destinations close to residential areas to attract local residents with 
the convenience of shopping close to home. The potential customer base is expanded when, in line with the 
Group's overall strategy, the Hotels Business Unit and, where relevant, the Communities Business Unit 
develop hotels or residential properties close to the shopping malls. 
The design and type of shopping malls are based on the profile of the relevant catchment area. For example, 
the SMDBU has to date focused on super-regional malls in growing urban communities or tourism markets 
such as Dubai, Bahrain, Egypt and Saudi Arabia, and plans to focus on developing community and regional 
malls in other markets. In addition, the mix of retail outlets is based on the SMBU's and SMDBU's 
understanding of the consumer preferences of local shoppers and, where appropriate, regional and 
international tourists within the particular area. This is done with the aim of ensuring an attractive mix of 
international brands, national retailers and leading local retailers. Market research is performed to evaluate 
trends, to segment the market and to benchmark against competitors. 
The SMBU and SMDBU have strong relationships with key retail franchise groups which control a number 
of major brands in different countries. Depending on the size and consumer profile of a particular shopping 
mall, the SMBU will contract with one or more of these retail franchise groups as well as local retailers to 
establish a selection of retail brands within the shopping mall. In addition, the SMDBU endeavours to cater 
to the expansion strategies of its tenants by offering them retail space in a variety of preferred locations in

--- Page 161 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 146 - 
75-41033197 
 
a number of its developments. At the same time, the SMBU seeks to increase its footfall across the region 
by leveraging the increased recognition and popularity of its tenants. 
Shopping malls in operation as at 31 December 2021 
The following table shows the year opened, occupancy rate (for 2021), footfall (for 2021 and 2020), retail 
GLA (for 2021), tenant sales per square metre (for 2021 and 2020) and the mall valuation (for 2021 and 
2020) for each of the 29 shopping malls in operation as at 31 December 2021:

--- Page 162 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 147 - 
75-41033197 
 
 
Year Opened 
Occupancy* 
Footfall (31 
December 2021) 
Footfall (31 
December 2020) 
Gross Leasable 
Area* 
Tenant Sales/m2 
(31 December 
2021)* 
Tenant Sales/m2 
(31 December 
2020)* 
Mall Valuation 
(31 December 
2021) 
Mall Valuation 
(31 December 
2020) 
 
 
(%) 
(millions) 
(sq m) 
(AED per sq m) 
(AED millions) 
Super-Regional Malls 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mall of the Emirates, Dubai, UAE .............................  
2005 
94% 
37.0 
28.2 
252,204 
36,988 
25,645 
14,098.3 
13,509.6 
City Centre Mirdif, Dubai, UAE ................................  
2010 
91% 
17.6 
15.2 
193,218 
17,731 
15,037 
4,558.3 
4,865.1 
City Centre Bahrain, Bahrain .....................................  
2008 
95% 
9.3 
8.2 
152,571 
11,283 
9,385 
2,044.4 
2,066.5 
City Centre Deira, Dubai, UAE .................................  
1995 
96% 
15.0 
12.6 
119,625 
17,879 
14,667 
3,097.7 
3,038.7 
Mall of Egypt, Cairo, Egypt .......................................  
2017 
93% 
11.5 
9.4 
158,290 
6,277 
4,787 
1,381.9 
1,197.0 
City Centre Almaza, Egypt ........................................  
2019 
95% 
12.0 
8.0 
100,925 
8,931 
5,713 
1,197.3 
891.0 
City Centre Al Zahia, Sharjah, UAE ..........................  
2021 
74% 
5.9 
- 
135,678 
3,857 
- 
1,534.2 
- 
Mall of Oman, Muscat, Oman ....................................  
2021 
63% 
1.9 
- 
137,127 
812 
- 
790.2 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regional and Community Malls 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
City Centre Alexandria, Alexandria, Egypt ................  
2003 
100% 
11.6 
9.1 
62,033 
13,291 
10,810 
884.5 
643.4 
City Centre Muscat, Muscat, Oman ...........................  
2001 
99% 
7.1 
6.2 
67,952 
16,560 
15,162 
1,028.3 
1,024.8 
City Centre Sharjah, Sharjah, UAE ............................  
2001 
94% 
8.5 
8.0 
50,525 
15,032 
14,351 
584.6 
602.4 
City Centre Maadi, Cairo, Egypt ................................  
2002 
99% 
6.8 
4.9 
28,114 
20,171 
18,410 
322.4 
273.6 
City Centre Ajman, Ajman, UAE ..............................  
1998 
95% 
7.2 
7.0 
55,191 
15,443 
14,988 
938.5 
812.5 
City Centre Qurum, Qurum, Oman ............................  
2008 
99% 
2.2 
2.2 
24,346 
10,350 
11,101 
134.6 
157.4 
City Centre Fujairah, Fujairah, UAE ..........................  
2012 
95% 
2.6 
2.2 
34,090 
10,333 
9,550 
367.2 
349.9 
City Centre Beirut, Beirut, Lebanon ...........................  
2013 
84% 
4.2 
5.0 
59,823 
3,620 
9,403 
17.9 
88.3 
My City Centre Nasseriya, Sharjah, UAE ..................  
2014 
97% 
1.1 
1.3 
5,222 
5,093 
5,226 
27.5 
27.2 
Matajer Al Juraina, Sharjah, UAE** ..........................  
2012 
96% 
1.6 
1.7 
8,849 
14,870 
15,205 
164.1 
165.2 
Matajer Al Quoz, Sharjah, UAE**.............................  
2011 
100% 
1.8 
1.4 
3,086 
23,758 
24,130 
51.7 
43.6 
Matajer Al Mirgab, Sharjah, UAE**..........................  
2012 
86% 
1.1 
0.8 
4,608 
5,364 
5,220 
28.4 
27.6 
Matajer Al Khan, Sharjah, UAE**.............................  
2012 
100% 
1.1 
1.1 
1,808 
20,600 
23,341 
20.8 
20.7 
City Centre Me'Aisem, Dubai, UAE ..........................  
2015 
99% 
3.4 
2.9 
23,322 
16,167 
17,721 
241.3 
232.0 
City Centre Shindagha, Dubai, UAE ..........................  
2016 
89% 
4.0 
4.0 
22,633 
10,738 
10,515 
28.9 
58.1 
My City Centre Al Barsha, Dubai, UAE ....................  
2016 
81% 
1.3 
1.1 
3,645 
16,769 
16,559 
52.2 
53.3 
My City Centre Al Dhait, Ras Al Khaimah, UAE ......  
2018 
73% 
0.4 
0.4 
5,342 
3,174 
4,190 
28.7 
31.0 
My City Centre Sur, Sur, Oman .................................  
2018 
97% 
1.6 
1.5 
16,247 
5,416 
6,176 
70.3 
68.0 
City Centre Sohar, Sohar, Oman ................................  
2019 
92% 
1.8 
1.5 
35,126 
4,115 
3,617 
199.5 
176.4 
My City Centre Masdar, Abu Dhabi, UAE ................  
2019 
83% 
0.9 
1.1 
18,071 
6,726 
7,149 
157.6 
145.0 
Matajer Al Musalla, Sharjah, UAE** ........................  
2020 
61% 
0.4 
0.5 
4,900 
4,878 
3,033 
23.4 
23.2 
Total ................................................................  
 
90% 
180.9 
145.5 
1,784,569 
14,269 
13,316 
34,074.70 
30,591.5 
 ______________________  
* 
Retail GLA only. 
** The footfall and tenant sales now available for the Matajer malls.

--- Page 163 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 148 - 
75-41033197 
 
• 
City Centre Deira, Dubai, UAE: Opened in November 1995. This was Majid Al Futtaim Properties' 
first mall development. Located next to, and directly linked to, the "City Centre Deira" metro 
station with a GLA of 119,625 square metres and 320 tenants as at 31 December 2021 and 15 
million visitors in 2021 (2020: 12.6 million), the mall's entertainment offer includes a VOX cinema 
complex with the largest cinema screen in the region. Re-development work comprising of re-
merchandising (including an anchor tenant), the introduction of a food hall with outdoor seating, 
and an upgrade of the car park was completed in September 2020. 
• 
Mall of the Emirates, Dubai, UAE: Opened in 2005. Third-level expansion opened in 2015 with a 
new flagship VOX cinema complex, innovative food and beverage concepts and retailers 
(including first Apple store in the region) operating over 23,000 square metres of additional 
leasable area. Located next to, and directly linked to, the "Mall of the Emirates" metro station and 
with a GLA of 252,204 square metres and 525 tenants as at 31 December 2021 and 37 million 
visitors in 2021 (2020: 28.2 million), the mall includes the largest Carrefour hypermarket in the 
Middle East. The unique leisure offering in the mall includes a 24-screen VOX cinema complex, 
Magic Planet entertainment centre, Dreamscape (which is a virtual reality experience) and Ski 
Dubai. 
• 
City Centre Bahrain, Bahrain: Opened in September 2008. This was the first integrated shopping, 
leisure and entertainment complex in Bahrain. With a GLA of 152,571 square metres and 332 
tenants as at 31 December 2021 and 9.3 million visitors in 2021 (2020: 8.2 million), the mall's 
unique leisure offering includes the largest cinema complex in the Middle East and a Magic Planet 
entertainment centre. 
• 
City Centre Mirdif, Dubai, UAE: Opened in March 2010. This was the first mall in the Middle East 
to achieve the Gold Rating for Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design ("LEED"), the 
sustainability rating system developed by the U.S. Green Building Council. With a GLA of 193,218 
square metres and 445 tenants as at 31 December 2021 and 17.6 million visitors in 2021 (2020: 
15.2 million), the mall's unique leisure offering includes iFly (a simulated sky-diving experience) 
and Little Explorers (an educational adventure for children). Expansions of the car park and cinema 
were both completed in 2018. 
• 
Mall of Egypt, Cairo, Egypt: Opened in March 2017. The mall is located in West Cairo, with a 
GLA of 158,290 square metres and 356 tenants as at 31 December 2021 and 11.5 million visitors 
in 2021 (2020: 9.4 million). The mall comprises several shopping services, including a Carrefour 
hypermarket, along with a multi-screen VOX cinema and various dining options. The mall's unique 
leisure offering includes Ski Egypt and Little Explorers (an educational adventure for children). 
• 
City Centre Almaza, Egypt: Opened in September 2019. The mall is located in East Cairo, with a 
GLA of 100,925 square metres and 258 tenants as at 31 December 2021 and 12 million visitors in 
2021 (2020: 8.0 million). The mall comprises several shopping services, including a Carrefour 
hypermarket, along with a multi-screen VOX cinema and various dining options. The mall's unique 
leisure offering includes a Magic Planet entertainment centre. 
• 
City Centre Al Zahia, Sharjah, UAE: Opened in March 2021. With a GLA of approximately 
135,678 square metres and 363 tenants as at 31 December 2021 and 5.9 million visitors in 2021. 
This super-regional mall is located in Sharjah on Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Road, the main artery 
connecting all the Emirates. It includes a VOX cinema, an FEC (comprising a Magic Planet) and 
a Carrefour hypermarket. 
• 
Mall of Oman, Muscat, Oman: Opened in September 2021. This super-regional mall has a GLA of 
approximately 137,127 square metres and 341 tenants as at 31 December 2021 and 1.9 million 
visitors in 2021. The mall will be anchored by a Carrefour hypermarket and includes a snow park, 
VOX cinema and a Magic Planet entertainment centre. It is the Group's first "Mall of" project to 
be awarded the prestigious LEED Platinum Certification. 
Shopping malls under development 
As at 31 December 2021, in addition to the SMBU's portfolio of operating shopping malls, the SMDBU 
had one additional development at an early stage of planning.

--- Page 164 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 149 - 
75-41033197 
 
Mall of Saudi, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia: Groundwork on this super-regional mall in Riyadh began in 
November 2021. The mall is planned to have a GLA of approximately 300,000 square metres. It will include 
VOX cinemas and a Magic Planet entertainment centre, in addition to a Carrefour hypermarket. Land has 
been acquired for this mall. 
Along with new developments and expansions, Majid Al Futtaim Properties also undertakes enhancement 
and upgrades of existing assets on a continuous basis. 
Marketing 
The SMBU and the SMDBU have a de-centralised marketing structure within the regions, as well as a 
cross-regional marketing hub that drives strategy, consistency, efficiency and excellence across the Group's 
various geographies and assets. Marketing is targeted at both retailers (as existing and potential tenants) 
and end-consumers. The principal marketing activities include, but are not limited to, brand building, 
internal and external communication, advertising, media buying, loyalty programmes, digital marketing, 
tactical promotions and sustainability. 
The Group's shopping malls have won numerous awards, which most recently included: 
• 
Silver Award in the Best Shopping Mall category at the 2020 Retail and Leisure International's 
2020 RLI Awards (City Centre Almaza for its mall opening); 
• 
First place the government of Bahrain's contest hosted by the Capital Governorate for the best 
decorated building during 2021 Bahrain National Day (City Centre Bahrain); 
• 
Silver Award in NOI Enhancement: Marketing/Sponsorship category at the 2021 MECSC Awards 
(Mall of the Emirates for "The World's Largest Banksy Experience"). 
• 
Silver Award in NOI Enhancement: Marketing/Sponsorship category at the 2021 MECSC Awards 
(City Centre Bahrain for Outdoors Festival). 
• 
Silver Award in NOI Enhancement: Marketing/Sponsorship category at the 2021 MECSC Awards 
(City Centre Zahia for Creative & Unique Revenue Streams). 
• 
Silver Award in NOI Enhancement: Marketing/Sponsorship category at the 2021 MECSC Awards 
(Mall of Egypt for Padel Courts). 
• 
Silver Award in NOI Enhancement: Marketing/Sponsorship category at the 2021 MECSC Awards 
(City Centre Maadi for The Outlet Avenue). 
• 
Silver Award in NOI Enhancement: Marketing/Sponsorship category at the 2021 MECSC Awards 
(MAF Egypt malls for Value Partnership). 
• 
Gold Award in Traditional Marketing: Advertising category at the 2021 MECSC Awards (City 
Centre Almaza Launch Campaign – Kolo Henak). 
• 
Gold Award in Traditional Marketing: Grand Opening, Expansion & Renovation category at the 
2021 MECSC Awards (Grand Launch of City Centre Al Zahia). 
• 
Gold Award in Traditional Marketing: Grand Opening, Expansion & Renovation category at the 
2021 MECSC Awards (City Centre Almaza) 
• 
Gold Award in Traditional Marketing: New/Emerging Technology category at the 2021 MECSC 
Awards (City Centre Deira Tribute to Pop Hologram Concert). 
• 
Gold Award in Traditional Marketing: Public Relations category at the 2021 MECSC Awards (City 
Centre Mirdiff Cosmotel, The Glam Bot). 
• 
Gold Award in Traditional Marketing: Public Relations category at the 2021 MECSC Awards (The 
World's Largest Banksy Experience at Mall of the Emirates).

--- Page 165 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 150 - 
75-41033197 
 
• 
Gold Award in Traditional Marketing: Sales Promotion and Events category at the 2021 MECSC 
Awards (Space Jam Live at City Centre Mirdiff). 
Lease arrangements 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties enters into lease agreements with its retail tenants, the duration of which varies 
by tenant, and typically commences negotiations regarding the renewal of lease agreements approximately 
six months prior to the expiration of a lease agreement. The lease terms for anchor tenants typically do not 
exceed 10 years (except MAF Group companies, which typically have lease terms of between 10 and 20 
years), for major tenants from between five to 10 years and for line stores from between one to five years. 
Lease terms across the Group's malls as at 31 December 2021 ranged from 1 to 10 years. Maximum lease 
terms are 20 years. Majid Al Futtaim Properties also enters into leases of one year or less for tenants 
operating counters, carts, kiosks and mall media in each mall. Under the terms of the lease agreements, 
some major tenants have a restrictive clause preventing them from opening a competing store within a 
defined radius. In addition, tenants typically do not have the right to rescind their lease agreements except 
in limited cases and Majid Al Futtaim Properties has the right to rescind certain line tenants' lease 
agreements in the event they do not achieve certain sales thresholds. 
The fit-out of individual stores is the responsibility of the tenant subject to approval by Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties. Tenants are also responsible for all repairs and maintenance to their leased area over the lease 
period and must vacate the premises at the end of the lease period as found prior to fit-out. 
Lease rental fees contain a number of fixed elements linked to the area of floor space under lease, along 
with a variable rent element calculated based on the tenant's gross sales. In the event that 90 per cent. of the 
variable rent is higher than the contracted rent for leases where variable rent applies, the variable rent is 
converted to the base rent at the start of the next lease year. Each lease is negotiated separately and there is 
no set formula for rents applied across all tenants. 
Some jurisdictions in which Majid Al Futtaim Properties has shopping malls (notably the UAE) have passed 
laws which limit Majid Al Futtaim Properties' flexibility to increase the rentals paid in those jurisdictions 
(see "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group – The countries in which the Group operates may introduce 
new laws and regulations that adversely affect the way in which the Group is able to conduct its 
businesses"). 
Competition 
According to the 2021 Group Financial Statements and the publicly available financial statements of Majid 
Al Futtaim Properties' main competitors, Majid Al Futtaim Properties is one of the largest shopping mall 
destination developers in the MENA region with regards to total asset size. However, it still faces 
competition from a number of real estate developers in each of the markets in which it operates. The 
principal competitor in the UAE, the Group's main market, is the Emaar Group ("Emaar"), which opened 
its first shopping mall in Dubai (The Dubai Mall) in November 2008. As at the date of this Base Prospectus 
(and on the basis of publicly available information as at the date of this Base Prospectus), Emaar has 
launched a number of expansions to its flagship asset, The Dubai Mall. In addition, Emaar is in the process 
of developing a number of retail projects, including additional re-development works at The Dubai Mall. 
Emaar has also opened Dubai Hills mall in February 2022. Nakheel Properties is also expanding its portfolio 
in Dubai (with its latest project being the Palm Mall, which was launched in the last quarter of 2019) and 
is expected to open multiple mall projects in the coming years. In recent years, non-traditional competition 
is also emerging, primarily from the Meraas Group (specialising in lifestyle themed malls and open air, 
food and beverage centric centres). Other notable competitors across the region include the Mabanee 
Group, the Al Hokair Group and the Al Futtaim Group. 
Hotels Business Unit 
The Hotels Business Unit focuses on maximising the value of existing hotels and the development of new 
hotels located on or adjacent to Majid Al Futtaim Properties' shopping malls. The Hotels Business Unit 
currently owns 13 hotels, 11 of which are in the UAE and 2 are in Bahrain. 
The Hotels Business Unit's business model is to asset manage third party international hotel management 
companies. The Hotels Business Unit currently uses four international hotel management companies, 
namely Accor, Hilton, Kempinski and Marriott. The Hotels Business Unit enters into management

--- Page 166 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 151 - 
75-41033197 
 
agreements with the hotel management companies to provide each hotel with a brand, experienced 
international management and access to global distribution systems and customer networks. 
Operating hotels 
The table below sets out certain information as at 31 December 2021 on the Hotels Business Unit's 
operating hotels. 
Property 
Location 
Total 
Keys 
 
Star 
Rating 
Average 
Daily Rate¹ 
Occupancy² 
RevPAR³ 
 
 
 
 
(AED) 
(%) 
(AED) 
Pullman City Centre Hotel ........................  
Dubai 
317 
5 
349 
67 
232 
Pullman City Centre Residences ...............  
Dubai 
131 
5 
433 
92 
399 
Kempinski Mall of the Emirates ................  
Dubai 
392 
5 
1,295 
54 
705 
Novotel City Centre Deira .........................  
Dubai 
188 
4 
238 
73 
174 
IBIS City Centre Deira ..............................  
Dubai 
365 
3 
176 
65 
114 
IBIS Mall of the Emirates .........................  
Dubai 
204 
2 
184 
72 
133 
Novotel Suite Mall of the Emirates ...........  
Dubai 
180 
3 
238 
75 
178 
IBIS Al Rigga............................................  
Dubai 
280 
3 
168 
77 
129 
Sheraton Mall of the Emirates ...................  
Dubai 
481 
5 
612 
61 
375 
Westin City Centre Bahrain.......................  
Bahrain 
200 
5 
632 
58 
364 
Le Meridien City Centre Bahrain ..............  
Bahrain 
260 
5 
516 
23 
120 
Hilton Garden Inn Mall of the Emirates ....  
Dubai 
370 
4 
238 
70 
166 
Aloft City Centre Deira .............................  
Dubai 
304 
4 
256 
74 
190 
 _______________  
(1) Average daily rate refers to the average room rate charged by a hotel over a given period. 
(2) Occupancy refers to the percentage of a hotel's rooms that are occupied over a given period. 
(3) RevPAR (revenue per available room) is calculated by multiplying the average daily rate by the occupancy rate over a given 
period. 
• 
Pullman City Centre Hotel and Residences, Dubai: The Pullman City Centre Hotel and Residences 
offers two distinct types of accommodation: hotel rooms and fully furnished apartments. The 317 
key 5-star hotel has been operating since March 1998 and is managed by Accor. A major 
refurbishment and renovation programme of the Pullman City Centre Hotel was substantially 
completed in 2012. The Pullman City Centre Hotel includes a lounge, outdoor pool, food and 
beverage venues, gym and spa. The Pullman City Centre Residence, which opened in April 1998 
and completed a major refurbishment in November 2015, offers 131 fully-furnished and serviced 
studios, one and two bedroom apartments. 
• 
Kempinski Mall of the Emirates, Dubai: The Kempinski Mall of the Emirates, Kempinski's first 
hotel in Dubai, is located on Sheikh Zayed Road, at the front of the Mall of the Emirates. The hotel 
began operating in April 2006 and, since January 2008, the hotel has been operating with a full 
inventory of 392 keys, including deluxe rooms, suites, Aspen chalets and business suites with 
private board rooms, some of which enjoy views over Ski Dubai. The Kempinski Mall of the 
Emirates includes a wellness spa, fitness centre, swimming pool and tennis court. The hotel 
features a number of restaurants and bars. The hotel was refurbished between 2013 and 2016, 
including all rooms, public areas and food and beverage outlets. 
• 
Novotel City Centre Deira and IBIS City Centre Deira, Dubai: The Novotel City Centre Deira and 
IBIS City Centre Deira both opened for business in November 2008 and are managed by Accor. 
These properties are both located in close proximity to the City Centre Deira shopping mall. This 
hotel cluster comprises the Hotels Business Unit's first budget/midscale hotels. The Novotel offers 
188 keys as well as international and regional restaurants, fully-licensed bars and an outdoor 
swimming pool. The IBIS offers 365 keys, a bistro restaurant and a bar. 
• 
IBIS Mall of the Emirates and Novotel Suite Mall of the Emirates, Dubai: The IBIS Mall of the 
Emirates and Novotel Suite Mall of the Emirates both opened for business in June 2009 and are 
managed by Accor. These properties are both located in close proximity to the Mall of the Emirates. 
The hotel has 204 keys, a restaurant, a café, two bars and a gym. The Novotel Suite has 180 
residence keys, a restaurant, bar, 24 hour Deli Boutique, a swimming pool, a fully-equipped gym 
and a Carrefour market. 
• 
IBIS Al Rigga, Dubai: The IBIS Al Rigga opened for business in March 2010. This stand-alone 
budget hotel, which is managed by Accor, offers 280 keys, a café, bar and a fitness centre.

--- Page 167 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 152 - 
75-41033197 
 
• 
Sheraton Mall of the Emirates, Dubai: The Sheraton Mall of the Emirates Hotel (formerly Pullman 
Mall of the Emirates) was constructed adjacent to the extension of the Mall of the Emirates and 
opened for business in September 2010. Since 1 February 2013, this hotel has been managed by 
Sheraton and offers 481 keys and features two restaurants (one of which is leased), one café, three 
bars (one of which is leased) and extensive meeting facilities. Majid Al Futtaim Properties changed 
the operator of the former Pullman Mall of the Emirates to Sheraton Mall of the Emirates Hotel 
under a management agreement with Marriott at the beginning of 2013. 
• 
Westin City Centre Bahrain and Le Meridien City Centre Bahrain: The Westin City Centre Bahrain 
is a five star hotel constructed adjacent to the City Centre Bahrain shopping mall and opened for 
business in September 2011. Since July 2014 this hotel has been managed by Westin and offers 
200 keys and features three restaurants, a bar, spa and extensive meeting facilities. The Le Meridien 
City Centre Bahrain opened for business in March 2013. This five star hotel is adjacent to the City 
Centre Bahrain shopping mall, offering a total of 260 keys. In July 2014, Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties converted these two hotels to the Westin City Centre Bahrain (managed by Westin) and 
Le Meridien City Centre Bahrain (managed by Marriott), replacing the Kempinski Grand and 
Kempinski Ixir hotels. 
• 
Hilton Garden Inn Mall of the Emirates, Dubai: Hilton Garden Inn Mall of the Emirates opened 
in December 2015. The hotel features 370 guest rooms, two restaurants (one of which is leased), 
café, bar, room service, 24-hour convenience shop and 124 square metres of event space. It is the 
first LEED Gold hotel by Majid Al Futtaim in Dubai and is the second largest Hilton Garden Inn 
in the world and the largest outside of America. 
• 
Aloft City Centre, Deira, Dubai: The Aloft City Centre Deira Hotel in Dubai opened in June 2018. 
This four star hotel is directly connected to the City Centre Deira shopping mall and offers 304 
keys. 
Management agreements 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties has entered into the following agreements for the management of its hotels: 
• 
Management agreements with Accor: Under individual management agreements, Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties has appointed Accor S.A. to operate and manage some of its hotels located in Dubai. 
The dates of such management agreements are as follows: (a) for Novotel City Centre Deira and 
IBIS City Centre Deira, 20 December 2006; (b) for IBIS Al Rigga, 25 January 2007; (c) for IBIS 
Mall of the Emirates and Novotel Suite Mall of the Emirates, 20 December 2006; and (d) for 
Pullman City Centre Hotel and Residences, 1 March 2009. Accor S.A. is entitled to receive the 
following fees in accordance with the terms of these management agreements: (i) basic 
management fee; (ii) licence fee; (iii) incentive management fee; and (iv) reservation fee. 
• 
Management agreements with Hilton: Under a management agreement dated 4 May 2014, Hilton 
was appointed to manage and operate the Hilton Garden Inn Mall of the Emirates. Hilton is entitled 
to receive the following fees in accordance with the terms of this management agreement: (a) 
development services fee for the services provided by Hilton during the development stage of the 
hotel; (b) reservation fee; (c) licence fee; (d) management fee; and (e) group services and benefits 
charge. 
• 
Management agreements with Kempinski: Under the terms of a management agreement dated 23 
December 2003, Kempinski was appointed as the exclusive operator and manager of the 
Kempinski Mall of the Emirates. Kempinski is entitled to receive the following fees in accordance 
with the terms of this management agreement: (a) incentive fee; (b) central services fee; (c) 
marketing cost contribution; and (d) royalty. 
• 
Management agreements with Marriott: Under individual management agreements, Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties appointed Starwood EAME License and Services Company BVBA 
("Starwood") to operate and manage some of its hotels located in Dubai and Bahrain. Under a 
management agreement dated 29 November 2012, Starwood was appointed to manage and operate 
the Sheraton Mall of the Emirates and is entitled to receive the following fees in accordance with 
the terms of the above agreement: (a) base fee; (b) incentive fee; (c) licence fee; and (d) centralised 
service charges. Under a management agreement dated 24 March 2014, Starwood was appointed

--- Page 168 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 153 - 
75-41033197 
 
to manage and operate two hotels in Bahrain, Westin City Centre Bahrain and Le Meridien City 
Centre Bahrain, and is entitled to receive the following fees in accordance with the terms of the 
above agreement: (i) base fee; (ii) incentive fee; (iii) licence fee; and (iv) centralised services 
charge. Under a management agreement dated 31 March 2015, Starwood was appointed to manage 
and operate Aloft City Centre Deira and is entitled to receive the following fees in accordance with 
the terms of the above agreement: (1) base fee; (2) incentive fee; (3) licence fee; and (4) centralised 
services charge. With effect from 23 September 2016, Starwood merged with Marriott and Majid 
Al Futtaim Properties' management agreements with Starwood were transferred to Marriott. 
Marketing 
Pursuant to the terms of the management agreements with Accor, Hilton, Kempinski and Marriott, each 
relevant manager is responsible for all marketing activities related to the hotels they manage. 
Competition 
The hotels managed by the Hotels Business Unit face competition from a number of existing hotel operators 
and developers in the region as well as new market entrants. Hotel supply in Dubai is expected to increase 
by 4.7 per cent. by 2022, as compared to the pre-pandemic base year of 2020 (from 124,000 keys to 137,331 
keys) and strong tourism rebound is also expected. The Group expects tourist arrivals in the UAE to rise 
by nearly 60 per cent. in 2022.5 
Communities Business Unit 
The Communities Business Unit was established to develop sites containing a mix of residential and 
commercial properties throughout the MENA region. The Communities Business Unit is also responsible 
for managing Majid Al Futtaim Properties' portfolio of three office buildings in Dubai. The Communities 
Business Unit is currently involved in developing a mixed-use joint venture in Lebanon and is the joint 
venture partner with the Governments of Oman and Sharjah for two further master-planned communities 
as described below. 
Waterfront City, Beirut, Lebanon 
The Group has invested in a 50/50 joint venture with a Lebanese company, Joseph G. Khoury Holdings & 
Fils S.A.L. The joint venture owns around 193,700 square metres of reclaimed land surrounding a marina 
located in Dbayyeh, 15 kilometres north of central Beirut in Lebanon. The mixed-use development, called 
Waterfront City, will be completed by the joint venture in a number of phases. 
The first phase included the development of 388 residential units along with 48 retail units, food and 
beverage outlets and other retail outlets directly overlooking the marina, in addition to an indoor and 
outdoor gym of 4,561 square metres. Phase 1 was launched in July 2011, its construction started in 2012 
and handover was completed in 2018. 
The second phase was launched in May 2013 and consists of 282 residential units and nine retail units 
aimed at broadening the depth of the products on offer. Construction started in April 2015 and all units 
have been handed over. 
Phase 3 includes the development of the business park with 12 low rise buildings and a retail component, 
separated in two super plots each of six buildings. The sale of inventory continued in 2021 and all 
remaining 10 units were sold for U.S.$19 million. 480 families are now situated in Waterfront City and 93 
per cent. of the four business park building units have been handed over. The balance of the two business 
park buildings, both of which were distributed in the form of a dividend to the joint venture partners, has 
been subject to a delay due to shortages of material and work stoppages; completion is now expected by 
September 2022. All other contractor disputes and claims are now settled and closed. 
 
5 Source: https://str.com/data-insights/news/press-releases (accessed 1 April 2022).

--- Page 169 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 154 - 
75-41033197 
 
A proposal to initiate the leasing of urban retail has been presented to the joint venture partners. To activate 
the retail element, investment is required for additional staff, tenant contributions, and expanded common 
areas. The joint venture partners will need to commit to additional funding. However, due to the current 
unstable situation in the country, leasing activities might be delayed. 
Al Mouj, Muscat, Oman 
Located in Muscat, the capital city of Oman, Al Mouj Muscat is a mixed-use development project 
occupying a total area of 2.5 million square metres along over six kilometres of natural beach. Al Mouj 
Muscat is being developed as a joint venture between the Oman-based Waterfront Investments, Oman 
National Investments Development Company, representing the Omani pension funds, and Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties, which holds 50 per cent. of the joint venture entity called Al Mouj Muscat SAOC ("Al Mouj 
JV"). Al Mouj JV has been established as an independent joint venture that has its own employees and 
operations, with Majid Al Futtaim Properties having 50 per cent. voting powers and representation on the 
board. Al Mouj Muscat launched in 2006 and, as at 31 December 2021, had sold 2,920 units out of a total 
of 6,516 units planned for the project. Al Mouj JV does not require funding from Majid Al Futtaim 
Properties and is financed independently, including through the receipt of advance cash payments for the 
sale of units which are currently being used to finance construction of further development work. 
Al Zahia and Matajer, Sharjah Holding, UAE 
Located in close proximity to Sharjah University City, Sharjah International Airport, SAIF Zone and the 
major road links to Dubai and the Northern Emirates, Al Zahia is an integrated mixed-use community, 
featuring a range of villas, apartments and commercial units. Al Zahia is being developed under Sharjah 
Holding, a 50/50 joint venture between the Government of Sharjah and Majid Al Futtaim Properties. 
Phase 1 of the development was completed and handed over in 2014. Phase 2, comprising 197 villas, was 
completed in December 2016. The handover in respect of Phase 2 commenced in 2016 and was completed 
in the second quarter of 2017. Additionally, Phase 3, comprising 224 villas and 342 garden apartments, was 
launched in the first quarter of 2015 and was completed in 2017. Phase 4, comprising 289 units, was 
launched in the second quarter of 2017 and was completed in 2021 with handovers ongoing. Uptown 
comprising 1024 apartments and Yasmeen comprising 204 town-houses and villas launched in 2017 and 
2019, respectively, and construction is currently in progress. Uptown A is expected to be handed over in 
the first quarter of 2023 and Uptown B in is expected to be handed over in the third quarter of 2023. 
Yasmeen A is expected to be handed over in the third quarter of 2022 and Yasmeen B in the second quarter 
of 2022. Furthermore, Orchid, comprising 108 single family plots, was launched in 2019 and handovers are 
in progress.  
In addition to Al Zahia, Sharjah Holding is developing a range of Matajer community shopping malls in 
the Emirate of Sharjah. As at 31 December 2021, Sharjah Holding owned and operated five Matajer malls 
with a GLA of over 23,250 square metres. 
Tilal al Ghaf, Dubai, UAE 
Tilal Al Ghaf is the Group's flagship mixed-use community project located in Hessa Street, Dubai. Tilal Al 
Ghaf offers luxury resort-like living around a recreational lagoon with sandy white beaches. The 
community features high-quality villas, town houses and retail units. Tilal Al Ghaf, through the introduction 
of innovative product design and by following a carefully crafted sales and marketing strategy, managed to 
capture a significant market share over a short period of time from dominant developers in the Dubai real 
estate market. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there have been eight successful launches since 
January 2020; Elan I, II, III, Harmony I, II, III, Aura & Aura Gardens comprising 2,479 residential units. 
98 per cent. of the total launched units were sold by December 2021. Projected completion and handover 
of the Elan 300 units will be by December 2022. A construction contract has been awarded for Harmony I, 
II, III and works commenced in the third quarter of 2021. 
Other property 
In addition to the properties described above, the Communities Business Unit is responsible for the 
development of land, which is designated as investment property with no immediate construction plan or 
planned sales to third parties. Majid Al Futtaim Properties has not yet initiated the project development

--- Page 170 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 155 - 
75-41033197 
 
phase for these properties, and therefore, appropriate Board approvals have not yet been received and 
financing has not yet been secured for the development of these projects. 
In addition to its land bank held for development, the Communities Business Unit is responsible for 
managing Majid Al Futtaim Properties' portfolio of three office buildings in Dubai, which are fully or 
partially occupied by the Group and the remainder is leased to third parties. 
Project Management Center of Excellence unit 
The Project Management Center of Excellence unit provides advisory, project delivery and management 
services to the SMBU, SMDBU, Hotels Business Unit and the Communities Business Unit. 
Corporate unit 
The Corporate unit provides corporate support services to the business units of the Group. 
Investments in Joint Ventures 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties investments in joint ventures comprise: 
ENOVA by VEOLIA 
"ENOVA by VEOLIA" (previously known as Majid Al Futtaim Dalkia Middle East LLC ("Majid Al 
Futtaim Dalkia")) is a joint venture established in 2002 between Majid Al Futtaim Ventures and Dalkia, a 
subsidiary of Veolia Environment, in which Majid Al Futtaim Properties owns 51 per cent. of the shares. 
In December 2009, the joint venture agreement with Majid Al Futtaim Dalkia (now known as ENOVA by 
VEOLIA) was amended to reflect the contribution by Majid Al Futtaim Dalkia to the joint venture of related 
businesses in Bahrain and Saudi Arabia. In return, Majid Al Futtaim Ventures ceded management control 
of the joint venture to Majid Al Futtaim Dalkia and, whilst retaining its 51 per cent. shareholding, accounted 
for the joint venture as an associate. 
ENOVA by VEOLIA provides solutions designed to optimise the costs involved in managing the energy 
infrastructure in shopping centres, offices, leisure complexes, hotels, hospitals, universities, airports and 
any other commercial, industrial, residential or public buildings. Approximately 65 per cent. of ENOVA 
by VEOLIA's revenue for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 and approximately 53 per cent. of 
its revenue for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 came from charges to non-Group companies. 
During the course of 2021, the Group transferred Majid Al Futtaim Ventures' ownership interest in ENOVA 
by VEOLIA to Majid Al Futtaim Properties. 
MAJID AL FUTTAIM RETAIL 
Overview 
The Group first introduced the hypermarket model to the Middle East in 1995 under a partnership with 
Promodes S.A. ("Promodes") using the brand "Continent". A joint venture agreement with Promodes 
established Majid Al Futtaim Hypermarkets, a joint venture company 75 per cent. owned by the Group and 
25 per cent. owned by Promodes. In 2000, Promodes merged with Carrefour and the joint venture agreement 
was updated and amended. Over the past 40 years, France's Carrefour group has grown to become one of 
the world's leading distribution groups. As the world's second-largest retailer and the largest in Europe 
(according to the Carrefour website), the Carrefour group currently operates four main grocery store 
formats: hypermarkets, supermarkets, hard discount and convenience stores. In May 2013, Majid Al 
Futtaim Holding entered into an agreement with Carrefour France SA whereby Majid Al Futtaim Holding 
acquired Carrefour France SA's 25 per cent. interest in Majid Al Futtaim Hypermarkets and further agreed 
to extend the franchise agreement in place between the two parties until 2025 (see "Description of the 
Group – Majid Al Futtaim Retail – Agreements with Carrefour" for more detail). 
Pursuant to the franchise agreement with Carrefour, Majid Al Futtaim Hypermarkets currently has the right 
to establish Carrefour stores in over 30 countries predominantly in the Middle East, Africa and Asia regions. 
The franchise agreement was extended in June 2013 to expand Majid Al Futtaim Hypermarkets' use of the 
Carrefour brand into new jurisdictions and in new formats (see "Description of the Group – Majid Al 
Futtaim Retail – Agreements with Carrefour"). As at 31 December 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Retail had

--- Page 171 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 156 - 
75-41033197 
 
expanded the Carrefour concept across the UAE and into Armenia, Bahrain, Egypt, Georgia, Iraq, Jordan, 
Kenya, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Pakistan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Uganda and Uzbekistan. Following the 
extension of the franchise agreement in June 2013, Majid Al Futtaim Retail has the ability to expand the 
Carrefour concept into new jurisdictions, predominantly across Africa and Asia. As at 31 December 2021, 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail operated 1 Carrefour hypermarkets and 288 Carrefour supermarkets as well as an 
online store (principally selling light and heavy household goods and grocery for delivery within Armenia, 
Bahrain, Egypt, Georgia, Iraq, Jordan, Kenya, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Pakistan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, the 
UAE and Uganda). 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail initially opened Carrefour supermarkets in 2007 on a trial basis in the UAE in an 
attempt to take advantage of its large store network and the regional suburban demand for smaller stores 
allowing easier access to the local population. Majid Al Futtaim Retail has rolled out the new format in 
three sizes, ranging from approximately 500 square metres to 2,500 square metres, depending on factors 
including target product range, population density and catchment area. The Carrefour supermarkets focus 
mainly on food products, with food sales contributing approximately 94 per cent. of total sales per year. 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail's workforce of more than 35,300 employees processed almost 243 million 
transactions at its Carrefour stores in 2021, resulting in sales of AED 26,299 million for the year (excluding 
fees and commissions which amounted to AED 23,889 million). The following map shows the location of 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail's Carrefour hypermarkets and supermarkets as at 31 December 2021: 
 
With effect from 1 July 2017, Majid Al Futtaim Retail acquired Retail Arabia B.S.C. from BMA 
International E.C. As a result, Majid Al Futtaim Retail acquired 25 Geant hypermarkets and supermarkets 
in the UAE, Kuwait and Bahrain as well as four Gulfmart supermarkets in Bahrain. 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail had revenue of AED 26,304 million and EBITDA of AED 1,447 million during 
the financial year ended 31 December 2021 as well as assets (prior to eliminations and adjustments) of 
AED 12,605 million as at 31 December 2021, representing 81.5 per cent., 37.0 per cent. and 19.6 per cent., 
respectively, of the Group's revenue, EBITDA and assets (prior to eliminations and adjustments) as at and 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail had revenue of AED 27,979 million and EBITDA of AED 1,631 million during 
the financial year ended 31 December 2020 as well as assets (prior to eliminations and adjustments) of 
AED 12,118 million as at 31 December 2020, representing 85.9 per cent., 43.4 per cent, and 19.6 per cent., 
respectively, of the Group's revenue, EBITDA and assets (prior to eliminations and adjustments) as at and 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
The following graph shows the number of hypermarkets Majid Al Futtaim Retail has had in operation year-
on-year since 1995: 
Strategy 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail aims to reinforce Carrefour's leading position as the retailer of choice for 
consumers throughout the MENA region. Majid Al Futtaim Retail also aims to provide the most 
competitive offerings for its customers by effectively utilising its negotiation and purchasing power to 
create an attractive customer shopping experience, while maintaining stable commercial margins.

--- Page 172 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 157 - 
75-41033197 
 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail intends to continue to focus on the hypermarket format (with an average of 8,000 
square metres of selling space) and smaller store formats to fill market gaps (see "Description of the Group 
– Majid Al Futtaim Retail – Store rollout and development strategy"). Majid Al Futtaim Retail is also 
focused on further developing private-label products in conjunction with Carrefour and increasing the 
proportion of such products in its sales mix. 
In order to further enhance the Group's customer experience, Majid Al Futtaim Retail has been developing 
the "omni-channel" solution, providing customers with online options for food and non-food categories, 
unlimited access to the full range of products through in-store tablets, various home delivery options and 
mobile payment solutions. Majid Al Futtaim Retail's ultimate aim is to be as prominently present in the 
"omni-channel" market as its physical store presence across its geographies of operation. 
Finally, management believes that Majid Al Futtaim Retail's growth, coupled with its strong relationship 
with Carrefour, will allow it to take advantage of Carrefour's reputation internationally and further improve 
its purchasing power from international suppliers. 
The advent of EXPO 2020 Dubai in 2022 further contributed to positive business and consumer sentiment. 
With over 10 million visits at the end of January 2022, EXPO 2020 has been a catalyst for growth in the 
region, driving increases in hotel occupancy and residential real-estate prices. 
In 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Retail launched the region's first check-out free store, Carrefour City+. The 
store, located in Mall of the Emirates, Dubai, provides a fast, seamless and contactless experience using 
cutting-edge artificial intelligence technology. 
Furthering the Group's commitment to its sustainability agenda, Carrefour opened it's first BIO store in the 
UAE, supporting healthier lifestyle choices and featuring an in-store hydroponic farm. 
In May 2022, the Group and Binance signed a strategic partnership to co-operate on a number of blockchain 
projects and initiatives, including the listing of non-fungible tokens (NFTs) on Binance's marketplace, the 
creation of a digital wallet infrastructure to hold virtual assets from multiple platforms and the integration 
of "Binance Pay" into Majid Al Futtaim Retail's payment mechanisms. The partnership will allow the 
Group's customers across the MENA region to purchase goods and services using virtual assets, at the 
Group's various retail locations. 
Agreements with Carrefour 
In 1995, the Group entered into a joint venture agreement with Promodes, now part of the Carrefour group, 
creating Majid Al Futtaim Hypermarkets, which was initially 75 per cent. owned by Majid Al Futtaim 
Retail. Pursuant to a separate franchise agreement, Majid Al Futtaim Hypermarkets initially became the 
exclusive franchisee of Carrefour for 15 countries in the MENA region – Bahrain, Egypt, Iran, Iraq, Jordan, 
Kuwait, Lebanon, Libya, Oman, Pakistan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Syria, UAE and Yemen. Under the terms 
of the franchise agreement, Carrefour provides trade signs, operating procedures and know-how 
(particularly in relation to hypermarket design, quality, health and safety standards and administration), 
assistance in supply chain management as well as access to product sourcing networks and training. In 
addition Carrefour is responsible for the sourcing of its private-label products, "Carrefour" and "N1". 
On 31 May 2011, the management of each of Majid Al Futtaim Retail and Carrefour agreed to the extension 
of the franchise agreement between Majid Al Futtaim Hypermarkets and Carrefour to four countries – 
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and Kazakhstan. An amended franchise agreement reflecting these 
arrangements was entered into on 6 July 2011. 
Majid Al Futtaim Holding entered into an agreement dated 22 May 2013 with Carrefour France SA (the 
"Sale and Purchase Agreement") whereby Majid Al Futtaim Holding acquired Carrefour France SA's 25 
per cent. ownership interest in Majid Al Futtaim Hypermarkets for a consideration of AED 2,555 million 
(the "Acquisition"). The Acquisition became effective on 25 June 2013. 
The Acquisition did not have a material impact on the financial position of the Group as Majid Al Futtaim 
Hypermarkets was, prior to completion of the Acquisition, a fully consolidated subsidiary of Majid Al 
Futtaim Holding for accounting purposes, save that, as the purchase consideration was higher than 25 per 
cent. of the net assets of Majid Al Futtaim Hypermarkets, the Acquisition resulted in a reduction in 
shareholders' equity in accordance with IFRS of approximately AED 2.1 billion on a Group consolidated 
basis. The impact of such reduction was substantially offset by an issuance of hybrid bonds, the proceeds

--- Page 173 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 158 - 
75-41033197 
 
of which were used to refinance the indebtedness incurred to finance the purchase price for the Acquisition 
and the hybrid bonds received full equity accounting treatment in accordance with IFRS. 
In addition, Majid Al Futtaim Hypermarkets and Carrefour France SA have agreed to extend the franchise 
agreement currently in place between the two parties. The revised franchise agreement extends Majid Al 
Futtaim Hypermarkets' use of the Carrefour brand name until 2025 and provides Majid Al Futtaim 
Hypermarkets with the opportunity to expand its use of the Carrefour brand into new jurisdictions 
(predominantly in Africa and in certain jurisdictions within Asia) and in new formats (such as, for example, 
in relation to convenience stores and cash-and-carries) across the regions in which the Group currently 
operates. 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail has agreed, for the duration of the franchise agreement, not to utilise any know-
how gained in the operation of independent hypermarkets or supermarkets and is not permitted to sell the 
products of any of Carrefour's competitors. 
Carrefour charges Majid Al Futtaim Retail a franchise fee based on sales made. Majid Al Futtaim Retail is 
responsible for the day-to-day operation of each store, seeking approval from Carrefour for new store 
openings and new country entry. 
Current operations 
Jurisdiction 
First 
Entry 
into 
Jurisdiction 
Number 
of 
hypermarkets as at 31 
December 2021 
Number 
of 
supermarkets as at 31 
December 2021 
UAE 
1995 
34 
82 
Oman 
2001 
14 
2 
Pakistan 
2009 
7 
2 
Bahrain 
2008 
9 
4 
Armenia 
2015 
0 
9 
Egypt 
2002 
16 
45 
Jordan 
2006 
6 
47 
Kuwait 
2007 
3 
6 
Lebanon 
2013 
3 
4 
Kenya 
2016 
7 
9 
Saudi Arabia 
2004 
19 
5 
Qatar 
2000 
5 
5 
Iraq 
2012 
4 
2 
Georgia 
2012 
4 
58 
Uganda 
2019 
2 
4 
Uzbekistan 
2020 
2 
4 
Total 
 
135 
288 
 
During 2017, Majid Al Futtaim Retail closed its hypermarket in Kazakhstan (which was opened in 2016). 
Development pipeline 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail plans to open 8 Carrefour hypermarkets and 61 Carrefour supermarkets in 2022. 
Operational leases 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail currently leases the properties at which it operates Carrefour stores. Properties are 
leased from both Majid Al Futtaim Properties and, if applicable in order to gain quicker access to a target 
market, third-parties, including third-party shopping mall developers. As at 31 December 2021, 21 
hypermarkets and four supermarkets were leased from Majid Al Futtaim Properties, with the remaining 113 
hypermarkets and 285 supermarkets leased from third parties. 
It takes approximately six months for Majid Al Futtaim Retail to open a new hypermarket from the point 
at which the store is handed over and, in the case of hypermarkets located in shopping malls, it can take up 
to two and a half years to develop the mall in which the hypermarket is to be located from the point at which 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail commits to lease the store. In the case of supermarkets, it takes around four months 
to carry out refurbishment works and around two months to obtain necessary licences and approvals. Majid

--- Page 174 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 159 - 
75-41033197 
 
Al Futtaim Retail prefers to lease sites for its Carrefour stores to ensure a faster time to market and to 
expedite the return on its investment. However, Majid Al Futtaim Retail will consider other options, such 
as owning a limited number of properties or leasing land and constructing a store, where it determines that 
it is more commercially viable to do so. 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail aims to maintain long-term lease agreements (typically with terms of 
approximately 20 years for hypermarkets and approximately 10 years for supermarkets). As at 31 December 
2021, the average lease period for its hypermarkets was approximately 20 years and for its supermarkets 
was approximately 10 years. Under most of the lease agreements, Majid Al Futtaim Retail has a conditional 
right to renew the lease subject to agreement on lease terms and retains termination rights at certain points 
during the lease. 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail undertakes refurbishment of its hypermarkets approximately every seven to 10 
years. In addition, store managers are responsible for reviewing and analysing inventory turnover and 
consumer trends, in order to plan potential changes to the store layout. 
Store rollout and development strategy 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail has created a development team to oversee the rollout of its Carrefour store 
network. The development team has representatives covering the countries in which Majid Al Futtaim 
Retail traditionally operates. Development within the new countries is managed by the corporate office 
development team with local management support. These development teams identify store location 
opportunities and negotiate with local suppliers and are supported by Majid Al Futtaim Retail country 
managers who are present in all countries of the region. 
When rolling out a new store, the local development teams (under the supervision and with the support of 
the head office development team) are responsible for sourcing suitable real estate, negotiating lease or 
purchase agreements, conducting tenders for construction and installation services, store design and store 
launch. They also co-ordinate contacts with the external parties involved in the rollout process such as real 
estate agents, licensing authorities, lawyers and construction companies. There is a close dialogue between 
the regional teams and the Majid Al Futtaim Retail corporate office, although significant responsibility is 
given to the regional teams to facilitate efficient decision making. However, all important decisions require 
the involvement of the corporate office development team and Majid Al Futtaim Retail's legal and finance 
departments and significant financial commitments require approval by Majid Al Futtaim Retail's CEO or 
Board, depending on the size of the commitment. 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail Board approval is required prior to entering into a new store project and a new 
geographical market. When considering a new geography, the corporate office development team first seeks 
to identify appropriate locations and conducts all necessary diligence to estimate future sales for each 
proposed site. Based on the results of the diligence, the development team prepares a feasibility study 
which, among other matters, considers the financial criteria that are required to be met (including: (a) a 
positive net present value of the expected cash flows from the investment for the period of the lease; and 
(b) an internal rate of return and return on capital employed in excess of the country hurdle rate set by Majid 
Al Futtaim Retail). Majid Al Futtaim Retail evaluates potential store feasibility based on projected cash 
flows for the proposed lease period, which depend on factors such as current population, catchment area, 
customer access to the hypermarket, potential rate of urbanisation and existing and planned competing 
properties. The feasibility study is approved by the Investment Committee (which comprises the CEO, 
Head of Development, Chief Operating Officer, CFO and General Counsel) and submitted to the Majid Al 
Futtaim Retail Board for final approval. Projects for supermarkets involving capital expenditure of less than 
AED 10 million are approved by Majid Al Futtaim Retail's CEO, otherwise such projects are approved by 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail's Board. 
Following completion of a development, an annual review process for each store is conducted. Among 
other matters, results to date, the latest five-year plan and a conservative projection to cover the full lease 
period are considered. The return and profitability key performance indicators are compared with those 
identified at the initial project approval stage and the results of each review are presented to the Majid Al 
Futtaim Retail Board. 
Typically, Majid Al Futtaim Retail's Carrefour hypermarkets are the anchor tenants of choice for Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties' shopping mall developments. However, Carrefour hypermarkets and supermarkets are

--- Page 175 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 160 - 
75-41033197 
 
also located outside Majid Al Futtaim Properties shopping malls in order to support the expected growth of 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail. 
Product range and quality control 
Product range 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail's Carrefour hypermarkets stock five categories of products: consumer goods, fresh 
food, light household, textile and heavy household goods. Consumer goods are all food products excluding 
fresh produce; fresh food goods are fresh produce; light household goods are non-food household products 
falling outside the heavy household category; textile goods are principally clothing and linen merchandise; 
and heavy household goods consist of large appliances and electronic goods. For the year ended 31 
December 2021, food products and non-food products accounted for 72 per cent. and 28 per cent., 
respectively, of Majid Al Futtaim Retail's total sales. 
Depending on the size of the individual store, Majid Al Futtaim Retail's Carrefour hypermarkets stock 
between 35,000 and 45,000 stock keeping units ("SKUs") per store. The SKUs stocked in a particular store 
include mandatory items selected centrally by the relevant country head office sourcing team and products 
chosen locally by the store's management to ensure the range of products offered is adapted to suit local 
tastes. As a result, the range of products varies from store-to-store, depending on preferences within a local 
catchment area, including various ethnic groups' needs. 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail's merchandise strategy is aimed at standardising its range of products and 
optimising its ability to satisfy customer preferences. Based on monthly analyses of results and other 
relevant data (including competition data, loyalty data and periodic customer feedback), it sets objectives 
and modifies parameters, including store layout, range and price. Individual stores are then charged with 
adjusting accordingly the mix of products, prices, products on promotion and the location of products within 
the store. 
A portion of Carrefour hypermarkets' SKUs are private label brands. The private label brands developed 
by Carrefour include "N1", "Carrefour" and "reflects de France". Majid Al Futtaim Retail intends to 
increase the proportion of the private label items in its sale mix. 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail develops private label brand products in partnership with Carrefour, identifying 
product specifications based on consumer preferences. All of the private label products must adhere to the 
Carrefour group's strict quality standards, and Majid Al Futtaim Retail and Carrefour work together to 
ensure quality control. 
Quality control 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail has implemented an audit control system for its market goods and private label 
items. The audit control system covers staff training and audits of suppliers, stores and products across all 
countries where Majid Al Futtaim Retail has operations. Majid Al Futtaim Retail has appointed several 
companies to perform audits according to targets set by its management team. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, approximately 51 per cent. of Majid Al Futtaim Retail's hypermarkets have received Hazard 
Analysis and Critical Control Points ("HACCP") certification or an equivalent ISO certification. The stores 
without HACCP certification are new and are in the process of gaining such certification, which is a time-
consuming process. HACCP is a systematic preventive approach to food safety that addresses physical, 
chemical and biological hazards as a means of prevention rather than finished product inspection. HACCP 
is used in the food industry to identify potential food safety hazards, so that key actions can be taken to 
reduce or eliminate the risk of the hazards being realised. The system is used at all stages of food production 
and preparation processes. 
Supply chain, procurement, inventory and distribution 
Supply chain and procurement 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail uses Carrefour's sourcing network in East Asia and Europe to source products for 
its Carrefour private label brands and for limited non-food items, allowing Majid Al Futtaim Retail to 
leverage Carrefour's own purchasing power. Majid Al Futtaim Retail uses its own logistics network in Asia 
and Europe to deliver from the source to the relevant countries (taking advantage of the Carrefour carriers 
conditions and volumes).

--- Page 176 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 161 - 
75-41033197 
 
For all other products, Majid Al Futtaim Retail's central procurement team is responsible for producing an 
annual list of preferred suppliers by product category. These suppliers are ranked based on performance 
using benchmarking reports. In order to keep the supplier list relevant and manageable, the central 
procurement team considers the range required for each product type, the best possible quality for each 
product type and the target selling price. If a certain product line has not been selling well, the number of 
suppliers listed will be reduced to reflect the reduced demand or only those suppliers that offer goods at the 
right quality with competitive prices will be listed. Individual store managers can suggest potential new 
suppliers to the central sourcing and procurement department. However, the final decision on whether to 
add a proposed supplier to the list is taken centrally. 
The majority of supplier contracts are negotiated and entered into at the country local level based on the 
supplier list. Negotiations and execution of supplier contracts with certain key suppliers are carried out by 
the central sourcing team. These suppliers tend to provide key local and imported branded products which 
are sold in large quantities across all regions allowing Majid Al Futtaim Retail to secure favourable terms 
due to its purchasing power (see "Description of the Group – Majid Al Futtaim Retail – Rebates and 
supplier benefits"). 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail prefers local (country-level) producers but is also focused on increasing volumes 
of direct imports from the source (instead of imports through intermediaries) and aims to thereby improve 
the trade conditions and purchase prices. In 2013, Majid Al Futtaim Retail set up a trading company in 
Hong Kong, China, with the intention of targeting the private label product of the food and non-food 
departments. 
Inventory 
Inventory management is a store-managed process. Store requirements are assessed at each individual store 
and orders are placed directly with suppliers. Order quantities are based on a minimum order level set for 
each SKU and an order is raised automatically once this minimum quantity has been triggered in-store. All 
purchase orders are sent automatically to suppliers through the electronic system. 
Physical inventory counts are performed for all stores every three to six months (depending on the country 
in which the store is located), with sections counted on a rotational basis in between as well. Certain high 
value items at greater risk of theft are counted weekly or monthly. Majid Al Futtaim Retail uses the same 
inventory system used by Carrefour in its hypermarkets for managing store inventory. When goods arrive, 
the inventory system is automatically updated and Majid Al Futtaim Retail's accounting system captures 
invoices upon receipt. Inventory days in Majid Al Futtaim Retail's Carrefour hypermarkets have remained 
relatively constant over the three years to 31 December 2021. 
Distribution 
Deliveries are predominantly made directly to stores and the logistical costs of transport are usually borne 
by the distributor but included within the purchase cost price. A small proportion of purchases are delivered 
to distribution centres managed by third party logistics providers before distribution to stores. These goods 
tend to be centrally purchased imported goods and private label products. The third-party central warehouse 
facilities also provide storage space for Carrefour supermarkets due to the limited storage capacity available 
at each supermarket. 
Rebates and supplier benefits 
Due to its increased market share across each region as its store portfolio expands, Majid Al Futtaim Retail 
can increase its purchasing volumes and, as a result, secure rebates and other supplier benefits from both 
its local distributors and its brand suppliers. Majid Al Futtaim Retail negotiates a number of different types 
of rebates and other benefits with its suppliers, generally on an annual basis at a regional level, although 
negotiations with some of the larger branded importers are conducted centrally. Fixed rebates are obtained 
on a yearly basis based on an agreed fixed percentage of supplier turnover. Volume discounts are obtained 
on yearly purchase values by brand or supplier. Other types of benefits include fees charged to suppliers 
for promotional activities, displays, advertising space, new ranges and additional shelf space. Rebates and 
supplier benefits represent a significant driver of Majid Al Futtaim Retail's revenue. A portion of the rebate 
gains are reinvested in the business to allow Majid Al Futtaim Retail to maintain its price leadership.

--- Page 177 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 162 - 
75-41033197 
 
Pricing policy 
In line with Carrefour's pricing policy, Majid Al Futtaim Retail's business philosophy is to offer its 
customers the products they want at a competitive price. Management aims to keep prices below those of 
its competitors by leveraging its market share to achieve volume-based rebates on its supply orders. 
The Majid Al Futtaim Retail corporate office sourcing team is responsible for setting prices for all items at 
the hypermarket and supermarket level. 
To ensure its Carrefour hypermarket SKUs are priced competitively, Majid Al Futtaim Retail regularly 
monitors prices through third party service providers. Additional price surveys are carried out as needed by 
store clusters according to the competition context, for example in connection with entering a new market 
or the introduction of a new competitor to one of its existing markets. 
Advertising and marketing 
For Majid Al Futtaim Retail, customer growth is the most important aspect of sales growth and its marketing 
effort is, accordingly, focused towards this end. In addition to traditional newspaper, magazine, radio and 
television advertising, Majid Al Futtaim Retail delivers leaflets door-to-door to local households as well as 
extending the use of the internet, social media and mobile communication. Majid Al Futtaim Retail also 
conducts co-branded advertising whereby a supplier pays to promote new items or a range of products in 
conjunction with Majid Al Futtaim Retail. 
Competition 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail faces competition from international, regional and local retailers. The competition 
from international retailers is limited as the only major grocery retailer which has a multi-country and multi-
store presence in the region where Majid Al Futtaim Retail operates is Carrefour, and the Group's 
contractual arrangements with Carrefour mean that it does not compete with Majid Al Futtaim Retail in the 
countries in which Majid Al Futtaim Retail operates. 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail's main regional competitors (being those with a presence in a number of countries 
in which Majid Al Futtaim Retail operates) are Lulu (Emke Group), Spinneys, Panda (Savola Group) and 
the Sultan Centre while its main online retail competitors are Amazon and Noon. The Group believes that 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail faces moderate competition from these entities on a regional basis. Majid Al 
Futtaim Retail's local competitors vary depending on the country concerned and the level of competition 
from these competitors also varies in each country. Certain of the regional competitors are also local 
competitors, such as, Union Cooperative, Lulu and Spinneys in the UAE, Panda and Al Othaim in Saudi 
Arabia, Metro in Egypt, Al Meera in Qatar, Sameh Mall and the Sultan Centre in Jordan, and the Sultan 
Centre in Oman. 
MAJID AL FUTTAIM LEC AND MAJID AL FUTTAIM LIFESTYLE 
Overview 
Prior to 1 January 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Ventures operated the Group's leisure and entertainment services 
as well as its lifestyle services. With effect from 1 January 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Ventures was 
restructured and its operations were segregated under two operational entities – Majid Al Futtaim LEC and 
Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Majid Al Futtaim Holding holds a 99 
per cent. ownership interest in Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle and will be expected to hold a 99 per cent. 
ownership interest in Majid Al Futtaim LEC once it is established (in each case, with the remaining 1 per 
cent. ownership interest held by another wholly-owned Group entity). 
The Group's businesses operated by Majid Al Futtaim LEC and Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle are as follows: 
Majid Al Futtaim LEC 
• 
VOX cinemas, through Majid Al Futtaim Cinemas; and 
• 
leisure and entertainment services, including Magic Planet, Yalla Bowling, Ski Dubai and Ski 
Egypt, Little Explorers and iFly, through Majid Al Futtaim Leisure and Entertainment.

--- Page 178 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 163 - 
75-41033197 
 
Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle 
• 
fashion and home goods retailing and Lego stores. 
Majid Al Futtaim LEC and Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle serve as the business segments through which the 
Group will seek to develop, in partnership with other international and regional businesses where 
appropriate, new retail and financial products and services that are designed to complement and leverage 
the success of the existing businesses of the Group. 
The following table sets out details of the businesses operated by Majid Al Futtaim LEC as at 31 December 
2021: 
Business 
Date Established 
% Contribution to 
Majid Al Futtaim 
LEC's Revenue 
Majid Al 
Futtaim LEC's 
Ownership 
Share 
Majid Al Futtaim Cinemas ..................................... 
1999 
 
83% 
99% Majid Al 
Futtaim 
Ventures 
1% Majid Al 
Futtaim 
Holding 
Majid Al Futtaim Leisure and Entertainment ......... 
1995 
 
17% 
99% Majid Al 
Futtaim 
Ventures 
1% Majid Al 
Futtaim 
Holding 
 
Majid Al Futtaim LEC - Majid Al Futtaim Cinemas 
Majid Al Futtaim Cinemas was originally established in 1999 as a joint venture between Greater Union 
Holdings, a leading Australian international cinema, entertainment and leisure group, and Majid Al Futtaim 
Ventures. In 2010, Majid Al Futtaim Ventures acquired the 49 per cent. shareholding of its joint venture 
partner and became the sole owner of Majid Al Futtaim Cinemas. With effect from 1 January 2021, the 
operations of Majid Al Futtaim Cinemas were restructured to fall under the remit of Majid Al Futtaim 
LEC's business operations. 
As at 31 December 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Cinemas operated 67 cinemas with a total of 607 screens across 
the MENA region under the brand "VOX cinemas". Each of the 607 auditoria features state-of-the-art sight 
and sound technology, digital projectors and stadium-style seating arrangements. Each cinema also has a 
candy bar offering a range of drinks and snacks and extended dining offerings. 
Most of the cinemas are located in shopping malls, 18 of which are owned by Majid Al Futtaim Properties. 
Majid Al Futtaim Cinemas typically serves as a Group shopping mall anchor tenant in the super-regional 
malls where the cinema complex is generally located in close proximity to the unique leisure offering. 
Majid Al Futtaim LEC's strategy in relation to Majid Al Futtaim Cinemas is to target growth through 
expansion outside the MENA region in the medium term as well as to upgrade the services offered, 
particularly in relation to seating and food and beverage. 
In 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Cinemas opened 61 screens including the first hybrid cinema and FEC in the 
UAE. In addition, in 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Cinemas launched "CTRL", the first interactive movie 
experience in the UAE and Saudi Arabia. 
During the year Majid Al Futtaim Cinemas announced a new distribution partnership with Warner Bros 
Pictures across the Middle East. 
Majid Al Futtaim LEC - Majid Al Futtaim Leisure and Entertainment 
With effect from 1 January 2021, the operations of Majid Al Futtaim Leisure and Entertainment were 
restructured to fall under the remit of Majid Al Futtaim LEC's business operations. Majid Al Futtaim 
Leisure and Entertainment offers leisure and entertainment facilities throughout the Middle East. These

--- Page 179 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 164 - 
75-41033197 
 
facilities are typically located in Group shopping malls to capitalise on existing high footfalls as well as to 
act as an attraction designed to increase the number of visitors to the shopping mall. Majid Al Futtaim 
Leisure and Entertainment's facilities include FECs and unique leisure offers ("ULOs"). Majid Al Futtaim 
LEC's strategy in relation to Majid Al Futtaim Leisure and Entertainment is to continue to use it to 
strengthen its shopping malls and at the same time to focus on improving efficiency and reducing costs. 
Family Entertainment Centres (FECs) 
Majid Al Futtaim Leisure and Entertainment's FECs comprise Magic Planet sites and Yalla Bowling which 
serve as a Group shopping mall anchor tenant. 
Magic Planet is a mall-based family entertainment destination. Magic Planet's 29 and 6 bowling 
entertainment centres, which range from 100 to 9,000 square metres, offer thrill rides, family rides, soft-
play areas for children and video games for all ages. There are currently 18 Magic Planet centres in all the 
malls owned by Majid Al Futtaim Properties as well as in Kuwait Avenues (Kuwait), Cairo Festival 
City(Egypt), Al Jimmi(Al Ain), Enma (Bahrain), Burjuman (Dubai), Marina Mall (Abu Dhabi), Bahrain 
Avenues (Bahrain), Riyadh (Saudi Arabia), Riyadh Front (Saudi Arabia), Riyadh Park (Saudi Arabia), Lulu 
Atyaf, (Saudi Arabia), Jamea (Saudi Arabia), Unified Hail Strip Mall (Saudi Arabia), Al Qasr (Saudi 
Arabia) Unified Esplanade BO, Rakaa Jaber Plaza BO (Saudi Arabia),which are not owned by Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties. Magic Planet in Avenue (Bahrain) and The Avenues Mall (Kuwait) are also located in 
non-Majid Al Futtaim shopping malls and are essentially joint venture entities. 
In addition, Majid Al Futtaim Leisure and Entertainment operates two Yalla Bowling centres which are 
located in Al Qasr Mall (Riyadh) (not owned by Majid Al Futtaim Properties) and City Centre Mirdif 
(Dubai) (owned by Majid Al Futtaim Properties). 
Unique Leisure Offers 
Majid Al Futtaim Leisure and Entertainment operates a number of indoor ULOs, which serve as important 
mall anchors to attract visitors to Majid Al Futtaim Properties' shopping malls. 
The following table sets out the locations and ownership of the seven ULOs operated by Majid Al Futtaim 
Leisure and Entertainment as at 31 December 2021. 
ULO 
Locations 
Ownership 
Dreamscape 
Mall of the Emirates (Dubai) 
Majid Al Futtaim Leisure and 
Entertainment 
iFly 
City Centre Mirdif (Dubai) 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties 
Little Explorers 
City Centre Mirdif (Dubai) 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties 
Mall of Egypt (Cairo) 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties 
Riyadh Park (Saudi Arabia) 
Majid Al Futtaim Leisure and 
Entertainment 
Ski Dubai 
Mall of the Emirates (Dubai) 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties 
Ski Egypt 
Mall of Egypt (Cairo) 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties 
 
Majid Al Futtaim Leisure and Entertainment's strategy in relation to ULOs is to continue to be the partner 
of choice for all new Majid Al Futtaim Properties shopping mall developments providing an anchor leisure 
attraction. 
Snow Oman will be the largest and first indoor snow park in the newly opened Mall of Oman, spanning 
over 14,000 sqm. It is expected to open in October 2022. 
 
Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle 
Majid Al Futtaim Fashion LLC was established in late 2005 and was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Majid 
Al Futtaim Ventures until 31 December 2020. In early 2022, Majid Al Futtaim Fashion LLC was 
restructured and changed its name to Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle. 
As at 31 December 2020, Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle had 36 stores in Kuwait, Bahrain, Qatar, the UAE, 
Saudi Arabia and Oman and had the following brand partnerships/franchise agreements.

--- Page 180 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 165 - 
75-41033197 
 
Brand 
Entry into 
Partnership/Franchise 
Agreement 
Sector 
LEGO 
2014* 
Toys 
Maisons du Monde 
2017 
Furniture and home goods 
Crate and Barrel 
2017 
Furniture and home goods 
All Saints 
 
Fashion 
Lululemon 
 
Fashion 
Abercrombie & Fitch 
 
Fashion 
Hollister 
 
Fashion 
Fashion for Less 
 
Fashion 
CB2 
 
Furniture and home goods 
THAT 
 
Speciality Retail 
 ___________________  
* Originally entered into by Majid Al Futtaim Leisure and Entertainment and transferred to Majid Al Futtaim Fashion in January 2019. 
During 2020, Majid Al Futtaim Fashion LLC (now Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle) exited its joint venture with 
Monsoon and Accessorize, impacting 35 stores then under operation. 
Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle's strategy is to enhance the profitability of its fashion brands. 
MAJID AL FUTTAIM GLOBAL SOLUTIONS 
In 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Global Solutions completed its first year as a shared services hub for key support 
functions, including servicing finance, IT, human capital and procurement services across the Group. 
Through the course of the year, Majid Al Futtaim Global Solutions was focused on the consolidation and 
standardisation of processes and support services across the Group. It has continued to build capacity in its 
service delivery centres in Egypt, UAE and India with a number of key processes "going live" in the last 
quarter of 2021. 
TREASURY AND INTERNAL AUDIT 
The Group operates a centralised treasury with a view to benefiting from both internal and external 
economies of scale and core expertise as well as leveraging the Group's different business profiles. 
The treasury function is principally responsible for the overall co-ordination of cash management 
(payments and operational cash management are managed at an individual business unit level), financing 
and financial risk management, with all Group borrowings being arranged by the treasury and approved by 
the Majid Al Futtaim Holding Board. The treasury function has a clear demarcation of responsibility 
between front, middle and back-office functions and its performance is measured by reference to a number 
of defined benchmarks in terms of capital structure and allocation, liquidity management, funding and 
investment, financial risk management and other areas. 
Each operating company has an internal audit function in order to bring the audit function closer to the 
business and operational needs specific to each operating company. The prevailing methodology and 
approach have been maintained to ensure independent oversight and the implementation of strict corporate 
governance practices. 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
The Group utilises IT solutions for a variety of business functions, including financial reporting, supply 
chain management, project development and human resources. Each of the Group's operating subsidiaries 
uses software that is tailored to its particular business needs. 
The Group does not currently have a separate disaster recovery site although disaster recovery procedures 
are in place at its data centre and designed to recover data and applications in a disaster scenario. The Group 
also implements anti-virus and other data security procedures. 
HEALTH, SAFETY AND SECURITY 
The Group's operating subsidiaries follow comprehensive fire and health and safety policies and procedures 
appropriate to their respective businesses. In particular, the Group's shopping malls are constructed to 
international standards, most of Majid Al Futtaim Retail's stores have received HACCP certification (as

--- Page 181 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 166 - 
75-41033197 
 
further described under "Description of the Group – Majid Al Futtaim Retail – Product range and quality 
control – Quality control") and all applicable health and safety regulations applicable to the Group's 
business are complied with. 
LITIGATION 
During 2010, a joint venture company that is 50 per cent. owned by the Group and 50 per cent. owned by 
a major UAE-based property development company became involved in arbitration proceedings under 
which the amount of AED 2,614 million is being claimed from the joint venture for non-payment of 
instalments of the purchase price of land which the joint venture company had agreed to purchase. This 
arbitration has been put on hold since the end of 2011. The Group has no indication if, and when, the 
arbitration will resume. If resumed, the Group does not believe that any arbitration ruling against the joint 
venture will result in financial liability for any other Group company. In addition to the above, Majid Al 
Futtaim Holding and its subsidiaries are involved from time to time in legal actions, often as the claimant, 
and most of which arise in the ordinary course of business. 
INSURANCE 
The Group has in place insurance coverage for all material aspects of its operations up to a level which 
management considers to be reasonable and comparable to or in excess of that of other companies operating 
in the sectors and markets in which the Group operates. The Group's major insurable risks are covered by 
insurance policies for property all risks (including business interruption), terrorism cover, cyber insurance 
and public liability. The Group will continue to seek to secure appropriate insurance coverage for these 
risks at commercially reasonable rates (see "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Group – The Group may 
not be able to secure full insurance coverage for the risks associated with the operation of its businesses").

--- Page 182 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 167 - 
75-41033197 
 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 
MANAGEMENT 
Overview 
The Group places considerable emphasis on governance and transparency within its operational framework 
and has voluntarily adopted the principles of the Combined Code on Corporate Governance for listed 
companies in the UK. 
The Majid Al Futtaim Holding Board is responsible for: (a) determining overall strategic objectives and 
ensuring there are appropriate human and financial resources available to meet these objectives; (b) 
monitoring the performance of management against the strategic objectives and key performance 
indicators; (c) ensuring the establishment and operation of prudent and effective controls to assess and 
manage the risks associated with the operations of the business; and (d) setting and upholding the values 
and standards necessary to ensure that obligations to shareholders and other stakeholders including 
employees and, in appropriate cases, creditors are met. 
Each of Majid Al Futtaim Properties, Majid Al Futtaim Retail, Majid Al Futtaim LEC and Majid Al Futtaim 
Lifestyle has its own Board/management (as applicable) responsible for setting strategic goals and 
measuring the success of the business in achieving objectives and maintaining corporate accountability. 
Independent non-executive chairmen have been appointed to the Majid Al Futtaim Properties and Majid Al 
Futtaim Retail Boards to define and allow for the implementation of separate and distinct roles for Majid 
Al Futtaim Holding's Chairman and CEO. This Board structure allows Majid Al Futtaim Holding's CEO to 
focus on his overriding responsibility of leading the executive management of the Group, while allowing 
the individual Boards and their management to focus on the increasingly complex and specialised demands 
of their respective businesses. 
Each of the Group's Boards works closely together to review, recommend and approve projects, combining 
the expertise of the various businesses. To further this goal, Majid Al Futtaim Holding's CEO and at least 
one other member of the executive committee of Majid Al Futtaim Holding attend the board and 
management meetings (as applicable) of each of Majid Al Futtaim Properties, Majid Al Futtaim Retail, 
Majid Al Futtaim LEC and Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle to ensure that the Group's strategy is implemented 
consistently. 
Each Board undertakes a formal review process with a view to seeking continuous improvement in the 
Board's performance. Each review analyses the Board and any associated committee processes and their 
effectiveness, the relationships between non-executive and executive directors, information flows and other 
relevant information. 
Majid Al Futtaim Holding Board 
The Majid Al Futtaim Holding Board meets a minimum of four times annually and principally reviews the 
business performance of the operating companies as well as reports from both the internal and external 
audit functions. In late 2018, the Board was strengthened with the appointment of the Chairmen of Majid 
Al Futtaim Properties, Majid Al Futtaim Retail and Majid Al Futtaim LEC, thus ensuring overall alignment 
from a companywide perspective and that investment decisions and strategy are prioritised. The table below 
provides certain information in relation to the Majid Al Futtaim Holding's Board. 
Name 
Position 
Year of Appointment 
Sir Michael Rake 
Chairman 
2009 
Mr. Alain Bejjani 
CEO 
2015 
Mr. Tariq Al Futtaim 
Director 
2005 
Mr. Ian Davis 
Director 
2012 
Mr. Alan Keir 
Director 
2016 
Mr. Victor Chu 
Director 
2017 
Mr. Luc Vandevelde 
Director 
2018 
Stuart Alan Ransom Rose, Baron Rose of Monewden 
Director 
2018 
Mr. Philip Bowman 
Director 
2018

--- Page 183 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 168 - 
75-41033197 
 
The business address of each director is Majid Al Futtaim Holding LLC, P.O. Box 91100, Dubai, UAE. 
Sir Michael Rake – Chairman 
Sir Michael Rake was appointed as Chairman of Majid Al Futtaim Holding on 1 July 2009. As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, he is also a Chairman of Phoenix Global Services and NewDay Limited and a 
Director of S&P Global. Previous appointments include Chairman of BT Group, Chairman of KPMG 
International, Senior Partner at KPMG UK, and Chairman of KPMG Europe, President of the 
Confederation of British Industry (2013-2015) amongst many others. 
Alain Bejjani – CEO 
Mr. Alain Bejjani was appointed as CEO of Majid Al Futtaim Holding in February 2015. He was formerly 
the Chief Corporate Development and Brand Officer at Majid Al Futtaim Holding. He was previously the 
Vice President (Legal) at Majid Al Futtaim Properties (from 2006) and Head of Business Development at 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties (from 2009). Prior to this, Mr. Bejjani was Executive Vice-Chairman of the 
Investment Development Authority of Lebanon (IDAL) and a founding partner of a law firm. He serves on 
the board of directors for several of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' joint ventures including The Wave, 
Muscat, Waterfront City in Lebanon, The Emirates Egypt Malls Company and Sharjah Holding. 
Tariq Al Futtaim 
Mr. Tariq Al Futtaim joined the Majid Al Futtaim Holding Board in May 2005. He was appointed as Vice 
President when Majid Al Futtaim Holding was formed. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, he is the 
Chairman of the Majid Al Futtaim Foundation, a prominent charitable initiative founded by the President. 
Ian Davis 
Mr. Ian Davis joined the Majid Al Futtaim Holding Board with effect from 1 June 2012. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, he is the Chairman of Rolls Royce and an independent non-executive director of BP 
and Johnson & Johnson, Inc. and a senior adviser to Apax Partners LLP. Mr. Davis spent his early career 
at Bowater, moving to McKinsey & Company in 1979. He was managing partner of McKinsey's practice 
in the UK and Ireland from 1996 to 2003. From 2003 to 2009 he was McKinsey's Chairman and Worldwide 
Managing Director. During his career with the company, Mr Davis served as a consultant to a range of 
global organisations across the private, public and not-for-profit sectors. 
Alan Keir 
Mr. Alan Keir joined the Majid Al Futtaim Holding Board in September 2016. Mr. Keir is an experienced 
Chief Executive who has successfully led a range of large operations through significant challenges. He 
has a 30-year track record in a variety of leadership roles across a range of businesses within HSBC. He 
has held several global roles and has strong expertise in finance, regulation, politics, government and 
international markets. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, he is currently a Director of HSBC UK Bank 
Plc and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation Europe. 
Victor Chu 
Mr. Victor Chu joined the Majid Al Futtaim Holding Board in September 2017. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, he is the Chairman of First Eastern Investment Group, a leading Hong Kong based international 
investment firm and a pioneer of private equity investments in China. He is also a co-founder and director 
of Peach Aviation, his company's joint venture airline with All Nippon Airways in Japan. In addition, Mr. 
Chu serves as the Chairman of the Hong Kong – Europe Business Council and as the Co-Chair of the 
International Business Council of the World Economic Forum. His previous board appointments include 
Zurich Insurance Group, SwissRe Advisers and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. 
Stuart Alan Ransom Rose, Baron Rose of Monewden 
Stuart Alan Ransom Rose, Baron Rose of Monewden, joined the Majid Al Futtaim Holding Board on 2 
October 2018. He was knighted in 2008 for services to the retail industry and corporate social responsibility. 
He has held Chief Executive Officer positions at Argos plc, Booker plc, Arcadia Group plc and Marks and 
Spencer plc. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, he is currently Chairman of Ocado Group, Fat Face 
Group Limited, Zenith Automotive Enterprises and Dressipi and a Non-Executive Director of RM2

--- Page 184 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 169 - 
75-41033197 
 
International S.A., Woolworths Holdings Limited and Time Out Group plc. Stuart Alan Ransom Rose, 
Baron Rose of Monewden, is also the current Chairman of Majid Al Futtaim Retail LLC. 
Luc Vandevelde 
Luc Vandevelde joined the Majid Al Futtaim Holding Board on 2 October 2018. He is the founder and 
Chairman of Change Capital Partners LLP. With more than 30 years' board-level experience in the 
consumer and retail industries, Belgian national, Luc Vandevelde is one of Europe's most respected 
business leaders, having served as a former Chairman of the Carrefour Group and Marks & Spencer and 
Director of Vodafone. Following 24 years with Kraft General Foods, where he was appointed Chief 
Executive Officer of French and Italian Operations, Luc joined the Promodes retail group as President and 
Chief Operating Officer. He was responsible for positioning Promodes as an international retailer with 
operations spanning Europe, Asia and South America, before merging it with Carrefour in 1999. Luc is 
also the current Chairman of Majid Al Futtaim LEC. 
Philip Bowman 
Philip Bowman joined the Majid Al Futtaim Holding Board on 2 October 2018. He was Chief Executive 
of Smiths Group plc from 2007 to 2015, and he previously held the positions of Chief Executive at Scottish 
Power plc and Chief Executive at Allied Domecq plc. His earlier career included five years as a director of 
Bass plc. He was previously Chairman of Liberty plc and Coral Eurobet plc and a non-executive director 
of Scottish & Newcastle plc and British Sky Broadcasting Group plc. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
he holds a number of other non-executive positions on various boards including the boards of Vinula Pty. 
Ltd, Vinula Super Fund Pty. Ltd, Atropos SCI, Potrero Distilling Holdings, LLC, Better Capital PCC 
Limited, Tom Tom Holdings, Inc, Kathmandu Holdings Ltd, Tegel Group Holdings Limited and is also the 
Independent Director of Ferrovial S.A. Philip is also the current Chairman of Majid Al Futtaim Properties 
LLC. 
There are no conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of the Majid Al Futtaim Holding Board 
listed above to Majid Al Futtaim Holding and their private interests or other duties. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties Board 
The Majid Al Futtaim Properties Board meets a minimum of four times annually and is responsible for 
setting strategic goals, measuring the success of the business in achieving its objectives and maintaining 
corporate accountability. 
The Majid Al Futtaim Properties Board is assisted by two committees, the Audit and Risk Committee and 
the Human Resources ("HR") and Remuneration Committee. The Audit and Risk Committee meets at least 
four times annually and represents and assists the Majid Al Futtaim Properties Board with the oversight of 
the integrity of the company's financial statements and internal controls, the company's compliance with 
legal and regulatory requirements, the findings of the internal audit department and independence, and the 
performance of the company's internal audit and its independent auditor. The HR and Remuneration 
Committee meets at least twice annually and represents and assists the Board with the oversight of annual 
and long-term performance rewards, annual pay and benefits and strategic human resource issues. 
The table below provides certain information in relation to the Majid Al Futtaim Properties Board. 
Name 
Position 
Year of Appointment 
Mr. Philip Bowman 
Chairman  
2017 
Mr. Terry Duddy 
Director 
2017 
Mr. John Rishton 
Director 
2017 
Mr. John Sullivan 
Director 
2017 
Mr. Abdulla Majed Ahmad Al Ghurair 
Director 
2009 
Mr. Ahmed Galal Ismail 
Director 
2018 
 
The business address of each director is Majid Al Futtaim Properties LLC, P.O. Box 60811, Dubai, UAE. 
Philip Bowman – Chairman 
Mr. Philip Bowman joined the Majid Al Futtaim Properties Board in August 2016 and was subsequently 
appointed as Chairman on 1 February 2017. Prior to this, Mr. Bowman was the Chief Executive of Smiths

--- Page 185 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 170 - 
75-41033197 
 
Group plc from 2007 to 2015, and he previously held the positions of Chief Executive at Scottish Power 
plc and Chief Executive at Allied Domecq plc. His earlier career included five years as a director of Bass 
plc. He was previously Chairman of Liberty plc and Coral Eurobet plc and a non-executive director of 
Scottish & Newcastle plc and British Sky Broadcasting Group plc. He holds a number of other non-
executive positions on various boards including on the boards of Vinula Pty. Ltd, Vinula Super Fund Pty. 
Ltd, Atropos SCI, Potrero Distilling Holdings, LLC, Better Capital PCC Limited, Tom Tom Holdings, Inc, 
Kathmandu Holdings Ltd, Tegel Group Holdings Limited and is also the Independent Director of Ferrovial 
S.A. 
Terry Duddy 
Mr. Terry Duddy joined the Majid Al Futtaim Properties Board in March 2017. Prior to this, Mr. Duddy 
was the Chief Executive of Home Retail Group plc, following its demerger from GUS plc in October 2006 
until March 2014, having previously served as CEO of Argo since its acquisition by GUS plc in 1998. He 
previously held senior executive roles at Dixons Stores Group, latterly as the Managing Director of PC 
World. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Mr. Duddy is the Senior Independent Director of Hammerson 
plc, Debenhams plc and Gems Menasa Holdings LTD and Chair at the Retail Trust charity. 
John Rishton 
Mr. John Rishton joined the Majid Al Futtaim Properties Board in April 2017. Prior to this, Mr. Rishton 
was the Chief Executive of Roll-Royce Holdings plc from 2011-2015. He has also previously held the 
positions of Chief Executive at Ahold and Chief Financial Officer at Ahold and British Airways. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, Mr. Rishton is a non-executive director of Unilever, Serco, Informa and 
Associated British Ports. 
John Sullivan 
Mr. John Sullivan joined the Majid Al Futtaim Properties Board in November 2017. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, he is also the President and CEO of the Cadillac Fairview Corporation Limited and has 
more than 30 years of real estate experience in acquisitions, dispositions, asset management and 
development. Prior to joining Cadillac Fairview Corporation Limited, Mr. Sullivan had built an impressive 
career in the real estate industry holding senior positions with a number of high profile companies such as 
Marathon Realty Company Limited and Brookfield Properties Corporation, where he was responsible for 
all asset management acquisitions and dispositions for Canadian assets. 
Abdulla Al Ghurair 
Mr. Abdulla Majed Ahmad Al Ghurair joined the Majid Al Futtaim Properties Board in July 2009. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, he is the Chairman of Abdulla & Hamad Al Ghurair Investment LLC 
(A&H Investment), a holding company established in Dubai under his and his brother Mr. Hamad Majed 
Al Ghurair's leadership. A&H Investment manages Mr. Al Ghurair's and his brother's interests in a number 
of companies, including companies that are either partially or fully owned by the Group. Mr. Al Ghurair 
also holds a number of directorships and is a member of the board of the Dubai Financial Markets. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, he is also the Chairman of the Majid Al Futtaim Charity Foundation, a 
prominent charitable initiative in the UAE. 
Ahmed Ismail 
Mr. Ahmed Ismail was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties in November 2018. He was the CEO of Majid Al Futtaim Ventures for 10 years 
overseeing seven business verticals including fashion retail, leisure and entertainment, cinemas, financial 
services and facilities management. Mr Ismail first joined Majid Al Futtaim Group in January 2007 as Vice 
President of Strategy. Prior to that, he was a principal with Booz Allen Hamilton in Dubai having started 
his career with Procter and Gamble in Egypt and then Germany. Mr Ismail holds an MBA with distinction 
from London Business School and a B.Sc. in computer science from the American University in Cairo. 
There are no conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of the Majid Al Futtaim Properties 
Board listed above to Majid Al Futtaim Properties and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 186 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 171 - 
75-41033197 
 
EMPLOYEES 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had 43,307 employees. The following table shows the number of 
employees in each of the major Group companies and reporting segments: 
Business Division 
Number of 
Employees 
Majid Al Futtaim Holding .......................................................................................................................... 
197 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties(1) .................................................................................................................... 
2,827 
Majid Al Futtaim Retail ............................................................................................................................. 
35,346 
Majid Al Futtaim LEC ............................................................................................................................... 
3,462 
Majid Al Futtaim Lifestyle ......................................................................................................................... 
805 
Majid Al Futtaim Global Solutions ............................................................................................................ 
670 
Total .......................................................................................................................................................... 
43,307 
 ___________________  
(1) 
Includes employees of managed hotels. 
As is common in jurisdictions in which the Group operates, employee benefit packages include housing 
allowances for employees of a certain grade and the provision of housing for employees below that grade. 
Presently, most GCC countries do not permit unions, and the Group does not presently have any direct 
dealings with unions in its countries of operation. 
The Group fulfils its statutory pension obligations in all countries in which it operates.

--- Page 187 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 172 - 
75-41033197 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the "Clearing Systems") currently 
in effect. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the 
continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of 
the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, 
beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEMS 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York 
Banking Law, a "banking organisation" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a "clearing 
corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a "clearing agency" 
registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its participants ("Direct 
Participants") deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among Direct Participants of 
securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic 
computerised book-entry changes in Direct Participants' accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical 
movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust 
companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is owned by a number of its Direct 
Participants and by the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., the American Stock Exchange, Inc. and the 
National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Access to the DTC system is also available to others such 
as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial 
relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly ("Indirect Participants" and, together 
with Direct Participants, "Participants"). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the "Rules"), 
DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts 
with respect to Notes accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system ("DTC Notes") as described below 
and receives and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The Rules are on file with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which 
beneficial owners of DTC Notes ("Owners") have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly are 
required to make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective 
Owners. Accordingly, although Owners who hold DTC Notes through Direct Participants or Indirect 
Participants will not possess Registered Notes, the Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, 
provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments and will be able to transfer their 
interest in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which 
will receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser 
of each DTC Note ("Beneficial Owner") is in turn to be recorded on the Direct Participants and Indirect 
Participant's records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, 
but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as 
well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct Participant or Indirect Participant through 
which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes 
are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. 
Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except 
in the event that use of the book-entry system for the DTC Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in the 
name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co. or such other name as may be registered by an authorised 
representative of DTC. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & 
Co. or such other DTC nominee effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the 
actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC's records reflect only the identity of the Direct 
Participants to whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial 
Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their 
customers.

--- Page 188 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 173 - 
75-41033197 
 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such 
issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes, 
unless authorised by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC's MMI Procedures. Under its usual 
procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The 
Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose 
accounts the DTC Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus 
Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as 
may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC. DTC's practice is to credit Direct Participants' 
accounts upon DTC's receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Issuer or the relevant 
agent (or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC) on the due date 
for payment in accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC's records. Payments by 
Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is 
the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in "street name", and 
will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or 
regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to DTC is 
the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility 
of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct 
Participants and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange 
the DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance 
with their proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Rule 144A Global Note, will 
be legended as set forth under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depository with respect to the DTC Notes at any time by 
giving reasonable notice to the Issuer or the relevant agent. Under such circumstances, in the event that a 
successor depository is not obtained, DTC Note Certificates are required to be printed and delivered. 
The Issuer may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC (or a 
successor securities depository). In that event, DTC Note Certificates will be printed and delivered to DTC. 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, 
any Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise 
take actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its Registered Notes from DTC 
as described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have advised the Issuer that each holds securities for its customers 
and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer 
between their respective accountholders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services 
including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and 
securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic 
securities markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across 
which their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system.

--- Page 189 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 174 - 
75-41033197 
 
BOOK-ENTRY OWNERSHIP OF AND PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF DTC NOTES 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered Global 
Note accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Note, 
DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the 
individual beneficial interests represented by such Registered Global Note to the accounts of persons who 
have accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. 
Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Note will be limited to Direct Participants or 
Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Global Note, the respective depositaries of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note 
accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, 
records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the 
records of Direct Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC 
will be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note. In the case of any 
payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of 
DTC or its nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all 
or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Registered Global 
Note in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be 
converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants' account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe 
that it will not receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants 
to beneficial owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the 
case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant 
and not the responsibility of DTC, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Issuer. Payment of 
principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer and 
Guarantor (if applicable). 
TRANSFERS OF NOTES REPRESENTED BY REGISTERED GLOBAL NOTES 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures 
of the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons 
take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes 
represented by a Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such 
Notes for Notes in definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in 
the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest 
in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to pledge such Notes to persons or 
entities that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes may 
depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any holder of 
Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer 
such Notes may be impaired if the proposed transferee of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes 
through a direct or indirect participant in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions", cross-market transfers between DTC, on the 
one hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the 
other hand, will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action 
taken by the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and any custodian ("Custodian") with whom the relevant 
Registered Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in DTC 
will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). The customary 
arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there

--- Page 190 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 175 - 
75-41033197 
 
is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, 
transfers of interests in the relevant Registered Global Notes will be effected through the Registrar, the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) 
from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated 
account for the transferee. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a delivery versus 
payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for payment must 
be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures 
designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and 
accountholders of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation 
to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed 
at any time. None of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible 
for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect 
participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments 
made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented by Registered Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 191 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 176 - 
75-41033197 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to Notes issued under the 
Programme. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers of any Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under the tax 
laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes of acquiring, holding and disposing of the 
relevant Notes and receiving payments under those Notes. This summary is based upon the law as in effect 
on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 
The following is a discussion on certain Cayman Islands income tax consequences of an investment in the 
Notes. The discussion is a general summary of present law, which is subject to prospective and retroactive 
change. It is not intended as tax advice, does not consider any investor's particular circumstances and does 
not consider tax consequences other than those arising under Cayman Islands law. 
Under existing Cayman Islands laws payments on the Notes will not be subject to taxation in the Cayman 
Islands and no withholding will be required on the payments to any holder of Notes nor will gains derived 
from the disposal of the Notes be subject to Cayman Islands income or corporation tax. The Cayman Islands 
currently have no income, corporation or capital gains tax and no estate duty, inheritance or gift tax. 
Subject as set out below, no capital or stamp duties are levied in the Cayman Islands on the issue, transfer 
or redemption of the Notes. An instrument transferring title to any Notes, if brought to or executed in the 
Cayman Islands, would be subject to Cayman Islands stamp duty. An annual registration fee is payable by 
the Issuer to the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies which is calculated by reference to the nominal 
amount of its authorised capital. At current rates, this annual registration fee is approximately U.S.$854. 
The foregoing is based on current law and practice in the Cayman Islands and this is subject to change 
therein. 
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
The following summary of the anticipated tax treatment in the UAE in relation to payments on the Notes is 
based on the taxation law in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus, and does not constitute legal or tax 
advice. Prospective investors should be aware that the relevant fiscal rules and practice and their 
interpretation may change. 
There is currently in force in the legislation of certain Emirates a general corporate taxation regime (such 
as the Sharjah Income Tax Act of 1968 (as amended), the Fujairah Income Tax Decree of 1966 (as 
amended), the Abu Dhabi Income Tax Decree 1965 (as amended) and the Dubai Income Tax Decree 1969 
(as amended)). The regime is, however, not enforced save in respect of companies active in the oil industry 
and some related service industries. It is not known whether the legislation will or will not be enforced 
more generally or within other industry sectors in the future. Branches of foreign banks operating in the 
UAE are also taxed under specific regulations at the Emirates level. Under current legislation, there is no 
requirement for withholding or deduction for or on account of taxation in the UAE in respect of payments 
made under the Guarantee. In the event of the imposition of any such withholding, the Guarantors have 
undertaken to gross-up any payments subject to certain limited exceptions. 
The Constitution of the UAE specifically reserves to the Federal Government of the UAE the right to raise 
taxes on a federal basis for purposes of funding its budget. It is not known whether this right will be 
exercised in the future, and how any future federal tax laws will interact with the ones existing in the 
Emirates. 
The UAE has entered into double taxation arrangements with certain other countries. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a directive for a common financial transaction tax ("FTT") in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.

--- Page 192 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 177 - 
75-41033197 
 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including: (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State; or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer 
may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the United 
Kingdom) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United 
States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on 
which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payment" are published in the U.S. Federal Register and 
Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for 
U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are published generally would be "grandfathered" 
for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional 
notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions – Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from 
previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior 
to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the 
event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the 
Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 193 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 178 - 
75-41033197 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 15 June 2022 (the "Programme 
Agreement"), agreed with the Issuer and the Guarantors a basis upon which they or any of them may from 
time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form 
of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer (failing 
which, each Guarantor) has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with 
the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and 
to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
In order to facilitate the offering of any Tranche of the Notes, certain persons participating in the offering 
of the Tranche may engage in transactions that stabilise, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of 
the relevant Notes during and after the offering of the Tranche. Specifically, such persons may over-allot 
or create a short position in the Notes for their own account by selling more Notes than have been sold to 
them by the Issuer. Such persons may also elect to cover any such short position by purchasing Notes in 
the open market. In addition, such persons may stabilise or maintain the price of the Notes by bidding for 
or purchasing Notes in the open market and may impose penalty bids, under which selling concessions 
allowed to syndicate members or other broker-dealers participating in the offering of the Notes are 
reclaimed if Notes previously distributed in the offering are repurchased in connection with stabilisation 
transactions or otherwise. The effect of these transactions may be to stabilise or maintain the market price 
of the Notes at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market. The imposition of a 
penalty bid may also affect the price of the Notes to the extent that it discourages resales thereof. No 
representation is made as to the magnitude or effect of any such stabilising or other transactions. Such 
transactions, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time. Under United Kingdom laws and regulations 
stabilising activities may only be carried on by the Stabilisation Manager(s) named in the relevant 
subscription agreement (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) and only for a limited 
period following the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes who are in the United States or who are 
U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any 
purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes. 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note 
with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or person wishing to transfer 
an interest from one Registered Global Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will 
be required to acknowledge, represent and agree, and each person purchasing an interest in a Registered 
Global Note with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note will be deemed to 
have acknowledged, represented and agreed, as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in 
Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
that either: (i) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account 
of one or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A or 
(ii) it is an Institutional Accredited Investor which has delivered an IAI Investment Letter or (iii) 
it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person; 
(b) 
that it, and each amount for which it is purchasing, will hold and transfer at least the minimum 
denomination of the Notes; 
(c) 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the 
United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been and will 
not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. State securities laws and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except as set forth below; 
(d) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note and either is a person located outside 
the United States or is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise 
transfer the Notes or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do so, prior to the expiration of 
the applicable required holding period determined pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act from 
the later of the last Issue Date for the Series and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of

--- Page 194 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 179 - 
75-41033197 
 
the Issuer was the owner of such Notes, only (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (ii) inside the 
United States to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own 
account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (iii) 
outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act, (iv) 
pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if 
available) or (v) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each 
case in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; 
(e) 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes from it of the 
resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (c) above, if then applicable; 
(f) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more Rule 
144A Global Notes, that Notes offered to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in the form of 
Definitive IAI Registered Notes and that Notes offered outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S will be represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes; 
(g) 
that the Notes in registered form, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a legend to 
the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE GUARANTEE THEREOF HAS BEEN OR WILL BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
"SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE 
UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS 
EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION 
HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT (1) IT IS A "QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) 
PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF 
ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS IN A MINIMUM PRINCIPAL 
AMOUNT OF U.S.$200,000 (OR THE EQUIVALENT AMOUNT IN A FOREIGN 
CURRENCY) OR (2) IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL "ACCREDITED INVESTOR" (AS DEFINED 
IN RULE 501(A)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) (AN "INSTITUTIONAL 
ACCREDITED INVESTOR"); (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFER THE SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY 
AGREEMENT AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE WHICH IS ONE YEAR AFTER THE LATER OF 
THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE 
ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES 
OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE 
UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE 
WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (4) PURSUANT TO THE 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL 
DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE 
SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE 
MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144A FOR 
RESALES OF THE SECURITY. 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE 
AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, 
BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR 
REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY 
CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION

--- Page 195 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 180 - 
75-41033197 
 
THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF 
RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE 
DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY 
SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE 
AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS 
SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION 
THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON)."; 
(h) 
that the Notes in registered form which are registered in the name of a nominee of DTC will bear 
an additional legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to be the Issuer: 
"UNLESS THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK 
CORPORATION, ("DTC"), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF 
TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY REGISTERED SECURITY ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL SECURITY OR ANY PORTION HEREOF IS 
REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE &CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS 
REQUIRED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS 
MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUIRED BY AN 
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE 
HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR 
A NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER 
HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A 
NOMINEE THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES SET FORTH IN THIS 
GLOBAL SECURITY, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, 
EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND. 
BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED 
EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND." 
(i) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer 
the Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 days after the 
later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to the original issuance 
of each Tranche of the Notes), it will do so only (i)(A) outside the United States in compliance 
with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (B) to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A and 
(ii) in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; and it acknowledges that the 
Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by 
the Issuer: 
"THIS SECURITY AND ANY GUARANTEE HEREOF HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
"SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 
OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND PURSUANT TO AN 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO 
AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS 
LEGEND SHALL CEASE TO APPLY UPON THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 DAYS 
AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE NOTES OF THE 
TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART."; and 
(j) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations 
or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is 
acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole 
investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the 
foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account.

--- Page 196 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 181 - 
75-41033197 
 
Institutional Accredited Investors who purchase Registered Notes in definitive form offered and sold in the 
United States in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by the Securities Act are required 
to execute and deliver to the Registrar an IAI Investment Letter. Upon execution and delivery of an IAI 
Investment Letter by an Institutional Accredited Investor, Notes will be issued in definitive registered form, 
see "Form of the Notes". 
The IAI Investment Letter will state, among other things, the following: 
(a) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor has received a copy of the Base Prospectus and such other 
information as it deems necessary in order to make its investment decision; 
(b) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor understands that the Notes are being offered and sold in 
a transaction not involving a public offering in the United States within the meaning of the 
Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
or any other applicable U.S. State securities laws and that any subsequent transfer of the Notes is 
subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus and the Notes 
(including those set out above) and that it agrees to be bound by, and not to resell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer the Notes except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the 
Securities Act; 
(c) 
that, in the normal course of its business, the Institutional Accredited Investor invests in or 
purchases securities similar to the Notes; 
(d) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor is an "accredited investor" within the meaning of Rule 
501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act that is an institution and has such 
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the 
merits and risks of its investment in the Notes, and it and any accounts for which it is acting are 
each able to bear the economic risk of its or any such accounts' investment for an indefinite period 
of time; 
(e) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor is acquiring the Notes purchased by it for its own account 
or for one or more accounts (each of which is an Institutional Accredited Investor) as to each of 
which it exercises sole investment discretion and not with a view to any distribution of the Notes, 
subject, nevertheless, to the understanding that the disposition of its property shall at all times be 
and remain within its control; and 
(f) 
that, in the event that the Institutional Accredited Investor purchases Notes, it will acquire Notes 
having a minimum purchase price of at least U.S.$500,000 (or the approximate equivalent in 
another Specified Currency). 
No sale of Legended Notes in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than U.S.$200,000 (or 
its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited 
Investors, U.S.$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount and no Legended Note will 
be issued in connection with such a sale in a smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank 
fiduciary acting on behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$200,000 
(or its foreign currency equivalent) or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors, 
U.S.$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount of Registered Notes. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
Neither the Notes nor the Guarantee have been nor will be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 
as amended (the "Securities Act"), and the Notes may not be offered or sold or delivered within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act ("Regulation S")) except in accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirement of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that, except as permitted by 
the Programme Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of 
which such Notes are a part, within the United States, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, other 
than pursuant to Regulation S, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during

--- Page 197 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 182 - 
75-41033197 
 
the distribution compliance period relating thereto, a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. Each Dealer who purchases Notes (or in the case of a sale of Notes issued to or through more 
than one Dealer, each of such Dealers as to the Notes to be purchased by or through it, or, in the syndicated 
issue, the relevant lead manager) shall determine and certify to the Principal Paying Agent the completion 
of the distribution of such Notes. On the basis of such notification or notifications, the Principal Paying 
Agent has agreed to notify such Dealer/lead manager of the end of the distribution compliance period with 
respect to such Notes. 
Terms used in the paragraph above have the meaning given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than 
in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. 
In respect of Bearer Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms each Dealer will be 
required to represent, undertake and agree (and each additional Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, undertake and agree) that: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any 
substantially identical successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section, including, without limitation, 
substantially identical successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service 
Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentive to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010) (the "D Rules"), (i) that it has not offered or sold, and during the 
restricted period it will not offer or sell, Bearer Notes to a person who is within the United States 
or its possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) that it has not delivered and it will not 
deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Bearer Notes that are sold during the 
restricted period; 
(b) 
it has and throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to 
ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Bearer Notes are aware that 
such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring Bearer Notes for purposes of resale in connection with 
their original issuance and if it retains Bearer Notes for its own account, it will only do so in 
accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section l.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or 
any substantially identical successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section, including, without 
limitation, regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or 
otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentive to Restore Employment Act of 
2010); 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Bearer Notes from a Dealer for the purpose of offering 
or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer repeats and confirms the 
representations and agreements contained in subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) on such affiliate's behalf; 
and 
(e) 
it will obtain from any distributor (within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4)(ii)) (or any substantially identical successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section, 
including, without limitation, substantially identical successor regulations issued in accordance 
with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States 
Hiring Incentive to Restore Employment Act of 2010) that purchases any Bearer Notes from it 
pursuant to a written contract with such Dealer (except a distributor that is one of its affiliates or is 
another Dealer), for the benefit of the Issuer and each other Dealer, the representations contained 
in, and such distributor's agreement to comply with, the provisions of subparagraphs (a), (b), (c)

--- Page 198 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 183 - 
75-41033197 
 
and (d) of this paragraph insofar as they relate to the D Rules, as if such distributor were a Dealer 
hereunder. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and Treasury regulations 
thereunder, including the D Rules. 
In respect of Bearer Notes where TEFRA C is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Dealer 
will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any 
Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with the original issuance of the 
Bearer Notes; and 
(b) 
in connection with the original issuance of the Bearer Notes it has not communicated, and will not 
communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if such prospective purchaser is 
within the United States or its possessions and will not otherwise involve the United States office 
of such Dealer in the offer and sale of the Bearer Notes. 
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such purchaser of 
Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum aggregate principal amount of Notes which 
may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$200,000 (or the approximate equivalent thereof 
in any other currency). To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other 
transfers of Notes that are "restricted securities" within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Issuer and 
each the Guarantors have undertaken in the Trust Deed to furnish, upon the request of a holder of such 
Notes or any beneficial interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by him, the 
information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the 
request, any of the Notes remain outstanding as "restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) 
of the Securities Act and none of the Issuer or the Guarantors is a reporting company under Section 13 or 
15(d) of the Exchange Act or exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments incudes the legend "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments incudes the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the

--- Page 199 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 184 - 
75-41033197 
 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer and the Guarantors (if applicable) for any such 
offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to above shall require the Issuer and the Guarantors or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for Notes and the 
expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" for the purposes of this paragraph means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of EUWA. 
Other regulatory provisions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or either Guarantor; 
and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Cayman Islands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make, whether directly or indirectly, any 
offer or invitation (whether directly or indirectly) to the public of the Cayman Islands to subscribe for any 
Notes. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act 
(Act No.228 of 19439, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and any regulations 
of Japan. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or publicly

--- Page 200 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 185 - 
75-41033197 
 
promoted or advertised by it in the UAE other than in compliance with any laws applicable in the UAE 
governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme to any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT Module) of the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the "DFSA") rulebook; and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the Conduct 
of Business Module of the DFSA rulebook. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of 
the Notes. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a "Saudi Investor") 
who acquires any Notes pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Notes is a private placement 
under Article 8 of the "Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations" as issued by the Board 
of the CMA resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 December 2017, as amended by CMA resolution 
number 5-5-2022 dated 5 January 2022 (the "KSA Regulations"), made through a capital market institution 
licenced to carry out arranging activities by the CMA and following a notification to the CMA under Article 
10 of the KSA Regulations. 
The Notes may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia other 
than to "institutional and qualified clients" under Article 8(a)(1) of the KSA Regulations or by way of a 
limited offer under Article 9, or as otherwise required by, the KSA Regulations. Each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that any offer of Notes by it to a Saudi Investor will be made in compliance with Article 
10 and either Article 8(a)(1) or Article 9 of the KSA Regulations. 
Each offer of Notes shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an "exempt offer" or a "parallel market 
offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market activity under 
Article 14 of the KSA Regulations. 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes, except 
on a private placement basis to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are "accredited investors". 
For this purpose, an "accredited investor" means: 
(a) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or 
more, excluding that person's principal place of residence; 
(b) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available 
for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or 
(c) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a 
state organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension 
fund). 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, delivered or sold, and will not offer, deliver or sell 
at any time, directly or indirectly, any Notes in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), 
except: (a) in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the State of Qatar; and (b) through 
persons or corporate entities authorised and licenced to provide investment advice and/or engage in

--- Page 201 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 186 - 
75-41033197 
 
brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar 
Financial Centre). This Base Prospectus has not been filed, reviewed or approved by the Qatar Central 
Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Financial 
Markets Authority and is only intended for specific recipients, in compliance with the foregoing. 
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
under the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the "SFA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered 
or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase 
and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA Chapter 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; 
(b) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the 
SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or 
(c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of 
the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
(c) 
securities or securities based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2 (1) of the 
SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that 
trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the 
Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes, except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO"), other than: (i) to "professional investors" 
within the meaning of the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances

--- Page 202 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 187 - 
75-41033197 
 
which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding 
Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or 
which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to any Notes which are or are intended to be disposed 
of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" within the meaning of 
the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes will not be offered or sold directly or indirectly within the 
People's Republic of China (for such purposes, not including Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative 
Regions or Taiwan) ("PRC"). This Base Prospectus or any information contained or incorporated by 
reference herein does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the 
PRC. This Base Prospectus, any information contained herein or the Notes have not been, and will not be, 
submitted to, approved by, verified by or registered with any relevant governmental authorities in the PRC 
and thus may not be supplied to the public in the PRC or used in connection with any offer for the 
subscription or sale of the Notes in the PRC. 
The Notes may only be invested by the PRC investors that are authorised to engage in the investment in the 
Notes of the type being offered or sold. Investors are responsible for obtaining all relevant governmental 
approvals, verifications, licences or registrations (if any) from all relevant PRC governmental authorities, 
including, but not limited to, the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, the China Securities Regulatory 
Commission, the China Banking Regulatory Commission, and other relevant regulatory bodies, and 
complying with all relevant PRC regulations, including, but not limited to, any relevant foreign exchange 
regulations and/or overseas investment regulations. 
Malaysia 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Securities Commission of 
Malaysia under the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007 of Malaysia (the "CMSA"); and 
(b) 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be 
offered or sold by it, and no invitation to subscribe for or purchase the Notes has been or will be 
made by it, directly or indirectly, nor may any document or other material in connection therewith 
be distributed by it in Malaysia, other than to persons falling within any one of the categories of 
persons specified under Part I of Schedule 6 or Section 229(1)(b), Part I of Schedule 7 or Section 
230(1)(b) and Schedule 8 or Section 257(3), read together with Schedule 9 or Section 257(3) of 
the CMSA, subject to any law, order, regulation or official directive of the Central Bank of 
Malaysia, the Securities Commission of Malaysia and/or any other regulatory authority from time 
to time. 
Residents of Malaysia may be required to obtain relevant regulatory approvals including approval from the 
Controller of Foreign Exchange to purchase any Notes. The onus is on the Malaysian residents concerned 
to obtain such regulatory approvals and none of the Dealers is responsible for any invitation, offer, sale or 
purchase of any Notes as aforesaid without the necessary approvals being in place. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all 
applicable securities laws, regulations and directives in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent,

--- Page 203 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 188 - 
75-41033197 
 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries and none of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee nor any of the other Dealers shall 
have any responsibility therefor. Each new Dealer so appointed will be required to represent and agree to 
the following selling restrictions as part of its appointment. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time 
lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, 
or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about 
and observe any applicable restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale 
of any Notes. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the relevant subscription agreement.

--- Page 204 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 189 - 
75-41033197 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
AUTHORISATION 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by resolutions of the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer dated 14 June 2022. The giving of the Guarantee and the entry into the transaction 
documents in relation to the update of the Programme to which each Guarantor is a party has been duly 
authorised by a resolution of the shareholders of Majid Al Futtaim Holding dated 14 June 2022 and a 
resolution of the shareholders of Majid Al Futtaim Properties dated 14 June 2022, respectively. 
LISTING OF NOTES 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank as competent authority under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the requirements 
imposed under Irish and EU law pursuant to the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval relates only to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. Application has 
been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin. The listing of the Programme in respect of Notes is expected to be granted on or around 
[•] 2022. It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin will be admitted separately, as and when issued, subject only 
to the issue of one or more Global Notes initially representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. 
Application has also been made to the DFSA for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the 
DFSA's Official List of securities. The Programme is expected to be admitted to the DFSA's Official List 
on or around 15 June 2022. An application may be made for any Tranche of Notes to be admitted to trading 
on Nasdaq Dubai. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available in physical form for inspection from the registered office of the Issuer 
and from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in London: 
(a) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer and the Articles of Association (with 
an English translation thereof) of each Guarantor. The English translation of each Guarantor's 
Articles of Association is direct and accurate. However, in case of conflict or discrepancy between 
the Arabic version of the Articles of Association and their English translation, the Arabic version 
of the Articles of Association shall prevail; 
(b) 
the consolidated audited financial statements of each Guarantor in respect of the financial years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, in each case together with the audit reports 
prepared in connection therewith. Each Guarantor currently prepares audited consolidated accounts 
on an annual basis; 
(c) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020 together with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith. The Issuer 
currently prepares audited financial statements on an annual basis; 
(d) 
the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive 
form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(f) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including 
applicable Final Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation will only be available 
for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and 
any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference.

--- Page 205 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 190 - 
75-41033197 
 
The Base Prospectus will be available for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) and the website of the DFSA (http://www.dfsa.ae). Electronic 
copies 
of 
the 
documents 
listed 
above 
will 
also 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/21573/documents. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the 
information contained on any websites referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of 
Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In addition, the Issuer may make an application for any Notes in registered form to be accepted for trading 
in book-entry form by DTC. The CUSIP and/or CINS numbers for each Tranche of such Registered Notes, 
together with the relevant ISIN and (if applicable) common code, will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream Banking S.A. is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, United States of 
America. 
THE LEGAL ENTITY IDENTIFIER 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 54930037VUDNYTS17017. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of Majid Al Futtaim Holding LLC is 25490092BD1ODAYUIH40. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of Majid Al Futtaim Properties LLC is 5493007MCMJ6038QQR32. 
CONDITIONS FOR DETERMINING PRICE 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
SIGNIFICANT OR MATERIAL CHANGE 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer and no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer, in each case, since 31 December 2021. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of each of the 
Guarantors and their respective subsidiaries, taken as a whole since 31 December 2021 and there has been 
no material adverse change in the prospects of each of the Guarantors and their respective subsidiaries, 
taken as a whole since 31 December 2021. 
LITIGATION 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantors or any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer or the Guarantors are aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base 
Prospectus which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Group. 
AUDITORS 
The auditors of the Issuer and each Guarantor are KPMG Lower Gulf Limited, chartered accountants, who 
have audited each Guarantor's accounts without qualification, in accordance with IFRS for each of the two 
financial years ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 and the Issuer's accounts without

--- Page 206 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 191 - 
75-41033197 
 
qualification, in accordance with IFRS for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2021. The auditors of the Issuer and each Guarantor have no material interest in the Issuer or the Guarantors. 
KPMG Lower Gulf Limited is an institution authorised by the Ministry of Economy of the UAE to conduct 
independent audits of corporations in the UAE. KPMG Lower Gulf Limited is a member of the KPMG 
network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative. 
DEALERS TRANSACTING WITH THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTORS 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer, the Guarantors and 
their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of the Dealers' business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer, the Guarantors or their affiliates. Certain underwriters or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer, the Guarantors or their affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantors consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
underwriters and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities issued by the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantors, including potentially the Notes offered hereby. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes offered hereby. The Dealers and their affiliates may also 
make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. 
CERTAIN ADDITIONAL INFORMATION RELATING TO MAJID AL FUTTAIM HOLDING 
Majid Al Futtaim Holding is registered as a limited liability company in Dubai (with register number 
534314) under UAE Federal Law No. 2 of 2015 as applicable to commercial companies and was 
incorporated on 20 May 2002. 
According to its Memorandum of Association, Majid Al Futtaim Holding has been incorporated for a term 
of 50 years expiring in May 2052, which term shall be automatically renewed for similar periods unless 
otherwise determined by resolution of the shareholders of Majid Al Futtaim Holding. Such term may be 
lengthened or shortened by resolution of the shareholders of Majid Al Futtaim Holding. 
Majid Al Futtaim Holding's Memorandum of Association provides that Majid Al Futtaim Holding shall be 
dissolved: 
• 
unless renewed upon the expiry of its term; 
• 
upon fulfilment of the objectives for which it was created; 
• 
upon merger of Majid Al Futtaim Holding into another company; 
• 
if shareholders holding 75 per cent. of Majid Al Futtaim Holding's capital decide in the general 
assembly to terminate the term of Majid Al Futtaim Holding; 
• 
if all or most of Majid Al Futtaim Holding's assets have been damaged in such a manner that the 
remaining assets cannot be invested productively; or 
• 
if Majid Al Futtaim Holding is dissolved pursuant to a court decision. 
Majid Al Futtaim Holding changed its name from Majid Al Futtaim Group LLC to Majid Al Futtaim 
Holding LLC on 18 January 2011. 
Majid Al Futtaim Holding's address and telephone number are P.O. Box 91100, Dubai, UAE and +971 (0)4 
209 4657, respectively. This is also the address of each member of the Majid Al Futtaim Holding Board 
and senior executive management.

--- Page 207 ---
10228766588-v34 
- 192 - 
75-41033197 
 
CERTAIN 
ADDITIONAL 
INFORMATION 
RELATING 
TO 
MAJID 
AL 
FUTTAIM 
PROPERTIES 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties is registered as a limited liability company in Dubai (with register number 
41429) under UAE Federal Law No. 2 of 2015 as applicable to commercial companies and was incorporated 
on 5 February 1994. 
According to its Memorandum of Association, Majid Al Futtaim Properties has been incorporated for a 
term of 99 years expiring in February 2093, which period may be lengthened or shortened by resolution of 
the shareholders of Majid Al Futtaim Properties. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' Memorandum of Association provides that Majid Al Futtaim Properties shall 
be dissolved: 
• 
unless renewed upon the expiry of its term; 
• 
upon fulfilment of the purposes for which it was created; 
• 
upon merger of Majid Al Futtaim Properties into another company; 
• 
if shareholders holding 75 per cent. of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' capital decide in the general 
assembly to terminate the term of Majid Al Futtaim Properties; 
• 
if all or most of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' assets have been depleted in such a manner that 
beneficial investment of the remainder of the assets, if any, is impracticable; or 
• 
if Majid Al Futtaim Properties is dissolved pursuant to a court decision. 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties' address and telephone number are P.O. Box 60811, Dubai, UAE and +971 
(0)4 294 2444, respectively. This is also the address of each member of Majid Al Futtaim Properties' Board 
and senior executive management. 
DEALERS TRANSACTING WITH MAJID AL FUTTAIM PROPERTIES AND THE 
GUARANTOR 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, Majid Al Futtaim Properties 
(and its affiliates) and/or the Guarantor (and its affiliates) in the ordinary course of business for which they 
have received, and for which they may in the future receive, fees.

--- Page 208 ---
10228766588-v34 
 
75-41033197 
 
ISSUER 
 
 
MAF Global Securities Limited 
c/o Maples Corporate Services Limited 
P.O. Box 309 
Ugland House 
Grand Cayman KY1-1104 
Cayman Islands 
 
 
GUARANTORS 
 
 
Majid Al Futtaim Holding LLC 
 
P.O. Box 91100 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Majid Al Futtaim Properties LLC 
 
P.O. Box 60811 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
 
 
TRUSTEE 
 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND 
TRANSFER AGENT 
 
REGISTRAR 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
AUDITORS 
 
 
To the Issuer and the Guarantors 
 
 
KPMG Lower Gulf Limited 
The Offices 5 at One Central 
Level 4, Office No. 04.01 
Sheikh Zayed Road 
P.O. Box 3800 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
 
 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George's Dock, I.F.S.C. 
Dublin 1 
Ireland

--- Page 209 ---
10228766588-v34 
 
75-41033197 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
Barclays Bank PLC 
5 The North Colonnade 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4BB 
United Kingdom 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Emirates NBD Bank P.J.S.C. 
c/o Emirates NBD Capital Limited 
Gate Building West Wing, Level 12 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 506710 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
 
First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC 
One FAB Tower 
Sheikh Khalifa Street 
P.O. Box 4 
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates 
 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
Standard Chartered Bank 
7th Floor Building One, Gate Precinct 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 999 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
 
 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London, EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
 
To the Issuer as to Cayman Islands law 
 
 
Maples and Calder (Dubai) LLP 
Level 14, Burj Daman 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 119980 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
 
 
To the Guarantors as to English and UAE law 
 
 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Level 15, Burj Daman 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 9380 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates

--- Page 210 ---
10228766588-v34 
 
75-41033197 
 
To the Dealers as to English and UAE law 
 
To the Trustee as to English law 
 
Dentons & Co 
Level 18, Boulevard Plaza 2 
Burj Khalifa District 
P.O. Box 1756 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Dentons & Co 
Level 18, Boulevard Plaza 2 
Burj Khalifa District 
P.O. Box 1756 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates